And now 3 years on this is the bargain
My God this is so dumb
I’m a-spec ting great things from the integra
You Rock Frank from Florida, that was awesome to look out for Eric Too
Everyone complained about it, but now I see them everywhere on the roads and have yet to even see a civic si yet outside a dealership (where it was marked up wayyyy too high so maybe that explains it)
I could smoke this on my elantra N line and I paid 37k Canadian
Premium CIVIC for $40K where you have to fold side mirrors manually... Just PoS!
Honda needs to make an Si Hatch so that way there’d be no need to go to Acura.
That black with red seats looks awesome
the integra is a rip off. I have a 2022ncivic hatchback sport touring and it's literally the same car as the integra, with very small differences..but none that justify about a $8-10k price difference.   what I just noticed a few months back is that Honda discontinue the sport touring civic and kept just the most basic model..so if you do want any premium features you need to buy the integra.
It is my civic duty to say that according to me this was A - Spectacular review. Legendary RLly. Engine is full of vigor. Maybe a car I’ll CLater in my life’s time if I make more money in the TSX.
Nice car but $$.  A used S3 looks like a performance bargain if you are looking for a more performance based daily.
I will say, the integra at $40k is a hard sell. However, I just picked up my 2023 integra a-spec manual a few days ago for $28.7k. 1 owner, no accidents, 18k miles and I believe at that price and miles It’s a great buy.
Seriously love these two they are hilarious and just make car reviews awesome
i have one in the shop right now, i really like the look, the interior is almost exactly the same as a civic
‘im a pilot’…with a big smile😂
I’m disappointed that Honda didn’t offer the Integra a 2liter and at least 20 more HP over the Civic Si.
More like 50 for the S-type which is like an F16 to a Sesna
The U.S. version doesn't even have heated steering wheel nor heated back seats. At around 40 grand, it needs to have both of those amenities, AND ventilated seats + real leather, not faux leather.
I'll keep my 06 RSX type S, thank you.
40k for what?? What am I paying for? Looks cool, but it's such a fraud.
Front end sold it for me it does look more luxurious and cooler than the civic.
Left the video really quickly. You guys are not comedians and it was beyond cringey. I’m here for a quick informative car review. Stick to that. You are not funny.
Yo! Major request here. I know it's unreasonable and I'm sorry. Could yall review a cvt integra without mentioning honda or civic at all? I can't find a revue of this car which doesn't talk about a civic more then the integra, or even mention a cvt lol.
I've never driven/sat in the new integra but I have a 24 Si and I LOVE the seats. The leather is nice on the integra but I prefer the look of the Si seats personally. They are comfy for me too!!
Not sure its worth $37,000 (price I paid new), but I love mine.  I wanted a sporty manual that didn't look like it was built on the cheap or for a kid.  This is really the only car that fit the bill.  The other manuals I drove were not as tastefully done, even if they were slightly sportier.
You can find these for 20k now. Solid buy as of 2025
4:11
2 years already? Cool! Where's the prelude?
Here Thomas a new skateboard.  Thomas:” I’m 5aking it to the track “
It’s a Posh Civic I seen Honda made similar Posh Civics before they a Sedan or Salon cars
With a stick you're not gonna get adaptive cruise control.
It's not worth 40k.
The only thing for me is that the si is not a a hatch and I'd rather have a hatch
its suck ! little power super big look like dumbassz
Way too much money for a very slow sporting sedan, with a terrible clutch and terrible rev hang.  Honda has lonst there way with sports car.  Hard pass on this thing.  PLus it is really really UGLY in my opinion and I know that is subjective.  I don't even think the Civic Si is agood value.
overpriced trash
Both my cars were mentioned in the intro 😭
My brother just got a 2023 integra for 31,700 usd and the civic si in our area are still around 40k  so time has done wonders to this car
Fuck that a Kia Forte GT has more HP, and same amenities for under 30k.
Honda/Acura cars are priced way too high. Honda Canada lost my business.
I now own a red Integra, this car is so comfortable.   I would care less for a manual, sorry, but for a daily driver and road tripper, this car is just great.
Slow car fast is better than a fast cars slow. Had a clean unmodded g35 (before it was stolen) and I could never ring it out safely. While driving normally with a big of ringing got mpgs in the 18s. Drove one of these and was impressed especially with the dealer discounts and the rest going into 401k; definitely on the list for my next car.
My girl has one of these. The power is…. lacking. It’s MUUUUUUCH better than her ILX she had before though.
the car is a great fun commuter that still with in a good price point if you get it used. i just got one used for 33k with 5k miles on it. It's really not a bad deal with all the luxury feature on it. But you will only notice how nice it is after you drove other cars in the segment. But ya i can see if you are buying it new, most ppl probably can't get over the fact how much more it is when it's mechanically the same as civic si, it just have lots extra stuff that makes it comfy & enjoyable at the same time, i really enjoy the ELS sound system as well.  I can see how great the typs S really is from where this is. =) I'm pretty sure i'm probably getting one years down the road.
I’m super late to the comments here, but I was just shopping for a car about a month ago and looked at an Integra A-Spec, and I wanted to like it, I *wanted* a Civic but more luxurious, and it felt so underwhelming for the price.   I was driving a 10th gen Civic EX (turbo) and had just come from a Mazda dealer after driving a well equipped but non-turbo Mazda3 hatch, and just could not figure out where Acura spent the money.  The salesman tried to justify the fact it had a worse center console than the Civic I rolled in with unless I optioned it up to $38k by saying I was paying for “styling” and “horsepower”, then tried to tell me that Acura doesn’t really see themselves as competing with or being in the same segment as Mazda.  Really wonder what they’re thinking over at Honda.
Thomas was doubely hurt for the making of this intro
The $50,000 question
I disagree, my wife has a 24 Civic hatch and I just traded in a 21 hatch sport for a 24 Integra A-spec for $32k that is a much better drive than both the Civics. Its a better looking Si in an automatic. Whats not to love.
For $40k I would rather get an accord touring hybrid.
I love the way y'all present.  James is hysterical with his antics. Then, he's very serious knowledgeable.
Oh these are Canadian prices lol. I was so confused.
0:18 D, D, D, D
Loves to rev? 6500rpm lol. I'll keep my 8th gen Si with real V-tech and 8000rpm. Paid for haha
These things used are now in the high 20s. Now, it becomes an enticing buy!
It looks sick with the blacked out top trim.
I loved the hate on Nestle lolol
I have now closed YouTube and left the house. The jokes are ….. anyways how I skip to the goods 💀🤚🏾
2 much hate for a nice car....There is no perfect car in the worls...drama queens!
In the U.S., the base Integra barely costs more than the base Civic Si
QUESTION. Please answer. Is the Type S Integra worth the 50% more in monthly payments? I could do either or, but I will be replacing a 500 hp C7 Audi A6 with Bilstein coilovers. I love this car but it's starting to get old. It will be tough to switch 3.5s to 60mph and stupidly fast pickup even at high speed and in any weather with reliability and less depreciation. I guess the Type S would hold its price better? Can't see any used ones for sale in Ontario.
Please tell me the best sports sedan under $52,000
Just sold my 1994 integra gsr right before I finally came across a brand new one on the road, sad to know I wouldve won a pull, even stock in my gsr thanks to how light it is with the 170hp
I think WRX is better when it comes to HP because all that plastic it has 🤦‍♂️ and I Don't know how reliable WRX is
Kinda late commenting on this but for $40k, I'd rather get an entry level Bimmer or Mercedes
My 98* gsr has 250HP after tuning. Edit: probably 300* tbh
Dam in my country ITS Like 27k
40k 200hp fwd? fook dat
James forgot the simplest one “Mmmmmm…D****😋”
i love it
Should have been 250HP minimum to even just rival the Mazda 3 Turbo.
was interested but.. think I’ll buy out my 2021 ILX Aspec lease at $17000.
You are nuts if you pay that price for that compact car. Let me know when you try and get out of it in two years.
12:30 On point re Civic Si-like interior
Acura design looks ugly.  Can be confused to tlx from front
Mark ups on the si are crazy Honda dealers are charging $32,000 us on them with already 20k miles on the clock. So when a brand new Acura is $37,000 roughly with more options included besides the hatchback design. It's very hard to ignore the Acura then here in the US.
The excellent intro has made my day🤣
Type R
Yall missing the point, my mom (almost 70) loves her integra. She wanted a Civic sized car, with the least possible power but all comfort features to replace her EX-L and this was perfect. Was civic or integra ever meant to be more than a reliable commuter?
“I’m a pilot”  Guess the puns *flew* right over his head. Lol
Disappointed with the new integra. Honda/Acura needs to step up their game.
My 1988 integra LS 5 door manual had 118 hp and one of my best cars ever…..second only to my 1985 GTI with 100 hp
It doesn't scream Integra like the 90's Integra does. This looks like a rebadged ILX (yes I know its replacing it/ rebranding)
Visually. Looks like a mini-TLX. Or a glorified Civic. Does not generate excitement. The original Integra with hidden lights was the coolest new thing when it happened. After that generation, Integra stopped generating excitement. This model is no exception.
At almost 60,000$ in Canada for a Integra Type S... Safe 25,000$ and get a basic WRX with a Cold Air Intake, Cat-Back and 94octane fuel without tune and a set of RE-71 RS, you are good for 315whp@310wtq easy!
The close up on the integra embossing shows the horrible paintjob done on it. Looks like orange peel :(
I was looking at Car and Driver’s stats for the Si and Integra and it says the integra takes half the time of the Si from 30-50 and 50-70 in the top gear… would love to see a comparo video on the two
We need the type  s review
Yea but GR are now blowing engines
Sure “ the civic si exist”  1. Not in a hatch 2.not Integra nostalgia 3.not a single exterior sheet of metal it shares. 4.better warranty 5. Quieter/more grown up….besides what they mentioned.
When are you guys doing the integra type R I mean type s😊
its an accord, just like the civic, i have a dc5, this things a pig ugly saloon
UMMMMM the Interga has always been a dressed up Civic, same here *like previous* models. Acura/Honda have followed the same formula as before. Do you know it's history?
Dudes gonna get a beer bottle smashed on him
The problem is that the SI is currently being sold with 5K+ markups in many places. To make things even more odd. Acura is giving discounts on their Integra.  Making the integra a great choice.
Literally got an FK8 Type R for 50k so 10k more than the Integra, made the right choice with the Type R.
I wish it had a coupe option honestly. I hate the way the weird notch in the back looks. There was a 3D render of a 2 door in yellow and I would ABSOLUTELY buy that because it looks like a Genesis Coupe progression! I feel like a hatchback 2 door reminiscent of the RSX is also a decent proposition!  Edit: the Type-S honestly looks much better and is close to winning me over… the main issue I’m having is that they’re SO expensive for not a really good reason… the SI is 32k, this should only be like 35k, then the Type R should be 40k, then the Type S should be like 43k… instead they’re all 7k above this which just makes them fall short to the Elantra N, and other similar vehicles that cost less.
So a really expensive Si with fewer standard features. Damn Honda
Now the interga Type S at $52k in US with dealer markups will be $60k. Insane for a car that is missing rear Ac vents, power passenger seat and ventilated seats. Not even memory seats 😂. Golf R with DCT and AWD beats it.
I just wish it got more power
I think they should have put the 2.0T in this but I understand if there were supply issues during development. I also really think they are holding off on developing bigger engines because they are going mostly hybrid and EVs for the future. This is not a good deal and will only sell to a small audience.
Only thing i had to see was it got murdured by a gr 86 lmaooo
Greedy US Honda dealers with crazy ADM has made the Integra a better deal vs. the Si as Acura dealers willing to deal.  Too bad about the cheap sounding clutch.
As far as the engine, feels like Honda took a step backwards. You can get the GSR from the 90's to over 200 horsepower by turbo charging it. Also, the engine reved to 8000 rpm. Not comparing top trim which was the type R.
"And the scumbags at nestle" literally spit my water out of my mouth 😂😂
"If you can burnout, you burnout "~ TH
Only thing I love is that trunk space
Throttle house: we get all the stuff Usa:  your mom.
aint no type s tho
For a car in the luxury class the paint should not have any orange peel in it but as you can see 8:15 it does bad.
These guys are the best in game
Nice family car! Greatest sedan ever.
I like the TLX type S
I saw Integra Aspec model MSRP at 48k....there is no way Type S is going to be around 40k
I think the new integera is just a reach civic😉
When did car enthusiasts become so whiny. Any car that isn't a 400 HP awd monster that looks almost identical to its 90s equivalent is a disappointment these days apparently
$40k... Trippin. That's B58 money.
The puns had such Vigor tho
200hp in 2023 = not good
That was one of the more entertaining and informative reviews for sure.
It'll be a much better review without all the nonsense silliness
Only a dimwit company would put a auto start stop on a tiny 1.5 engine (with a manual transmission at that!). It wears down prematurely battery, starter, alternator, engine mounts, not to mention a #1 killer of turbos, oil sludge build up from turning off the engine while the turbine is hot. Turbo needs a minute or two when stopping to cool it off, otherwise it's going to go out at 50K. What possible gas savings can you get out of turning off a 1.5 every single time it stops at a red light or a stop sign. And if you turn it off, it sticks a yellow warning light on the dash to irritate you the entire time. And it comes right back on when the car is driven next time.
I'm very disappointed . Why pay more for a re skinned Civic ? Honda lost their way to grandiosity.
Can you do a q60 redsport next
When the type a comes out what’s the pun gonna be it’s only 315 hp
If you want to get chicks, dont get this car.
Very  disappointed in your  review  of new Integra.  12th daya in on ownership of our 2023 Elite a spec Canada 🇨🇦 version and  absolutely love it myself and wife and our kids16 and 20. We bought in Toronto at maple Acura and drove home to northern Ontario timmins over 700 kms and my 16 years old son sitting behind mom is 6ft 5in and was comfortable on entire trip and said more comfortable than in our 2020 2.0T Accord even with less leg room he had enough. It is more luxurious and stylish than Civic SI,  enough luxury,  enough power for normal drivers not looking to do hot laps, enough technologies and features like door handles lights outside,  illuminated door sills front and back,  other exterior options,  dampers and LSD over current SI  and better than previous SI with dampers,  enough speed as you  said of your own review of SI...so you guys are hypocritical,  it's style and features are enough to buy this over waiting for SI. Amazing car and  best fuel economy in class and its quieter than  SI inside. You guys are too smart, too knowledgeable to say the  stuff you say sometimes and help cause sales decline to many Honda Acura products with joining negative YouTube reviewers that have no clue what they are talking about and Honda history adds reliability because of its engineering. 234hp is enough.
Its neat that they made a manual option for the tlx, but why call it an integra? Just call it what it is, a manual transmission option on the tlx lol...
Cannot wait for the 2024 type S video!!
I remember when Honda/Acura  first revealed this for the very first time, nobody clapped.. until the CEO clapped first to save some pride
I just like the TLX 💜
I'm trying to decide if I should get the normal A-Spec or the IS300T for the same price.
only 6500rpm from a 1.5l ...   no thanks  lol
I like the turbo 4-cylinder has less horsepower than the naturally-aspirated base camrys 4 cylinder
The same engine and more weight means you lose at the stop light. As the Civic Si taillights gradually drift into your field of view, you wonder what you spent all the extra money on.
As an owner of this car, I think the price tag at least warrants ventilated seats and a bit more power. I do appreciate things like a HUD and the variable drive modes. I loved my civic and chose this as a (slightly) dolled up replacement.
That’s a TLX 😂
This is just fukin terrible , at least put a 2.0 engine in it ..
The Integra was supposed to be a sportier and more powerful civic....
In the US this is a better value proposition than canda vs the si as the American si doesn't have heated seats, the wireless charger, the digital dash and more.
As soon as I heard '1.5 litre turbo engine', I said 'Oh noooooo...'
$46,280 for 200 hp.  Rolling on the floor laughing.
"It's a sleeper" Nah bro it's just sleepy. Looks like a honda accord with no balls. A neutered accord if you will. Since when were all trims of Integra 4doors?
Fuck Nestle!
A-Spec not much faster than the Civic Si but better looking and with more features. The Type S version should be much faster and might even be the much anticipated throw back to the 1995 Type R.   Great to have the Integra back.  Will it be too much to ask for the return of the Honda Prelude? My Mum had one back in 1989 and it was a pocket rocket.
So the Integra is basically a luxury Civic? That part was clear when the car was first introduced, being as though Acura is just a premium Honda. I will look at other options, but I appreciate sporty, edge, and luxury combined that the Integra has to offer. Its still top on my list.
Advice… The hatch and leather are the biggest things that make it more desirable than the si. If the si came in leather and hatch I’d buy that in a second.  But right now I’m debating sport touring civic 6sp or the integra.  Any help?
It's entry level car!! It's like yall be wanting all these cars to have the bells and whistles as an MDX TypeS but with a 25k budget ain't gone happen. This car STILL has more loaded tech and luxury then your  entry level Benz, and BMW.
Acura still seems like something you buy when you can't afford something from Europe. They seem like a poor man's BMW. So does Infiniti and Lexus.
It’s a honda civic
do either the Integra A spec or Civic Si come with BSM, LKA, ACC, etc?? and what about rear heated seats
Hilarous intro!!! You guys are the best!!?
the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
I’ll tell you why I choose it and I also have a 2020 ilx. I like compact cars, with a little sport and a little luxury… I am a college grad. I like the hatch back on the new integra and the price. When I purchased my ilx it was $25,500 which is less than a civic especially a si. I just purchased a 2023 Integra a-spec and it was $34,990 which is still less or equal to what I can find a civic si for. I don’t know why that is… I don’t know who makes the prices but that’s just what it is where I live. To be honest I didn’t cross shop the two. I have an ILX and an integra now I love them both. They are inexpensive and I fit in wherever I go. If I take my wife out we are in a nice Acura, not a civic. 95% of people think they are expensive luxury cars… whatever. Good for me because they are actually cheap.
I got the Aspec/Tech Package 6MT with limited slip differential. I WANTED the Orange Si! Could not find one after months of searching- price was up around 35K. I got the Integra for that! Ii's more comfortable, same drive train-same great mileage-and it's got tons of carrying space. I love the Apex Blue-subtle metal flake paint! I've taken it on some twisty back roads and its a great ride. The gearing and flat torque curve makes it QUICK at passing on the Bay Area freeways-and its agile. Not set up for blazing launches-although sports tires can even it up with the Si.  I should avoid test driving the upcoming Type S!  I expect everything I love about my Integra- with the extra power I would love my car to have. The traction control seriously hinders the launch. Tuning is an option to reduce or eliminate REV hang. From what I've seen, modest tunes-say 225 HP, 230 lb-ft are "safe", But I don't want to void my warranty. I agree that if we had the Canadian spec Si it would be down to comfort, some luxury and the fantastic sound system
If you had $40k to spend on a car, would you buy this?
40K, Acura thinks they're Lexus
Acura is a dying brand. This is the reason why they brought back the Integra name..in hopes to sell more cars. Civic Si is a respectable name and a better bargain.
Using the 1.5 is a deal breaker for me. 2.0 accord or just get a used Type R.
The engine is anemic. This car for $40,000 should be pushing 240-275HP. Now if this vehicle had 5 cylinders with a turbo (kind of like the the Audi but with only turbo) then it would be a no brainer.   Maybe even a six cylinder. without a turbo would have been better at this price point.
Stop trying to defend this disappointment of a car. It’s like calling Altima a GTR.
Honda bring back the 2.0L N/A motor or put the 2.0T motor in these Honda and Acura chassis not these shitty 1.5T motors that are horrible motors that are way too small to holdup overtime due to the power to weight issues
Making Acura puns is a great way to ensure that you get.. N°S ᵉ X
I used to be all for the new integra, but after driving one I can’t say the same anymore. A slightly more luxurious civic, which is what the integra has always been, doesn’t work in 2023. Nobody wants to spend 35k just to have a different body and a slightly better interior. Maybe back in the 90s it worked, but today things have changed. Acura is a luxury brand, and this car just doesn’t show that. It handles great but rides horribly, the engine is loud and unrefined, there’s tons of road noise, and the interior shares many parts with the civic. It’s cool but it’s not worth the money. I will say it had plenty of power and the seats were nice, but that’s it. Clearly many people have thought the same thing because the integras we looked at had been on the lot for quite some time.
As an owner of a db8 type r "Look how they massacred my boy"
They say it feels like a civic but the integra was originally a step up from the Honda civic isn’t that accurate?
over-priced restyled honda civic, that's about it.  It's not an organic from the ground up development.  Not worth the USD40K price tag.
what a discrace calling that crap a integra
I love clutch thunk imo lmfao
Glorified civic
Honda should have put the 2.0L Turbo engine in this car. The smaller engine is a mistake in a car in this price range.
It's just soooo forgetable
These will be awesome used buys
I’ve only seen 3 on the road and I’m a truck driver so people don’t like them
If you can’t bang it off the rev limiter it’s not a teggy. Unfortunately it has too many doors
6:15 “Very ACURAte” Great pun Tom
I just want to say: I love Nestlé Pure Life 😞
I think they should have just improved the SI instead ofvdoing this integra. Instead of going backwards
At the end of the video I'm still bothered by the waste of perfectly fine drinking water!
Very underpowered for the price. 300 HP minimum.
Nowhere NEAR $40,000 worth of car
Looks like a decent car, but only 200hp from a 1.5 turbo? Ehh..... not super impressed with that if I'm honest. Seems more like a chassis that's trying to be sporty paired with an engine from an econobox. Really would've been a better match with 50 - 100 more horsies IMO. You know Honda can do it too because there are plenty of folks boosting the S2000's 2.2l to 500+ horsepower with zero internal modifications that still seem to be super reliable. Heck, even NA, the 2.2 made noticeably more power than the 1.5 turbo.
They should've given us the 2 door Integra this isn't it. I feel bad for Acura they missed an easy bag 💰💰💰 they just made another civic because they're lazy smh not what I expected from Japan 🤦🏿‍♂️
looks more like an Acura Accord than a Acura Integra
No chance. 200 HP for that cash….hard pass
"the scumbags at nestle" lol that was funny
So when is the coupe version coming out? And why only 200hp?
This is the problem with manufacturers. We tell them we want manuals... so in their infinite wisdom, they offer it, but make it un-accessible by putting it behind an outrageous price, and make you get other shit you don't need. As a result, ales aren't as expected and their conclusion is: "Oh no one buys manuals"  People who want manuals want it without all the bells and whistles. Or at least give us the option. Also, this Integra looks like ass. What a huge missed opportunity for Acura/Honda. They could've made a true competitor to the GT86, but the dropped the ball hard on this one.
Thank you for this. We were looking into one.
This is more disappointing than the Acura Vigor 5 cyl they made back in the day
The Civic looks better and is cheaper? What the F is Acura doing? You made a modern trash can, and put a significant badge like Integra on it? No one is buying this, F* you for even trying!
“Nestle, scumbags” Yes I couldn’t agree more lol
too bad its ugly
enough with the stupid intros
looking at the integra as shown in this review and my experience owning a Civic HB sport. It really does seem like an SI with nicer interior. Like an SI touring. I still kinda wish I had the money/patience to wait for the Integra but this also make me appreciate my civic a little more.
You could get a Miata rf for that price
It’s not worth 40,000$$ It’s slow!! Come on these companies come from a history of fun cheap cars!!
1.5L damn thats stupid
over priced, under delivered and uninspiring
As an owner of a 2020 US Spec Civic SI, here is my biggest issue with the new Integra Aspec and Civic Si.  I think the Integra looks better with an upscale interior but that is it.  They actually removed standard items from the previous SI to put into the Integra to try and give it the edge.  My 2020 Si has the heated seats, the adaptive suspension, and probably a few other items removed from the 2023 Si.  I have even less motivation to upgrade to the "new" Si and the new Integra doesn't give me much else than what was mentioned in the video. The leather interior, upgraded audio, and better styling is the only improvement over my 2020.  That isn't worth the $15k USD price increase from what I paid.  If you are in the market save yourself a bunch of money and find a low-mileage used 2020 Si and you'll feel like you really got your money's worth!   Now when the Integra Type S becomes available, only then will I have any interest in replacing my Si with another Honda/Acura product until we see what the Dealer markups look like.
Honda/Acura have really specialized in making oddly proportioned, unremarkable and/or eyesore designs.
ACURA put an electric motor in the rear and incorporate SH-AWD into this. Bring SH-AWD to the integra PLZ.
Just get to the point please for goodness sake.
It’s a no from me. The car needs more power. For $43,000, it’s not it.
Nice car, mostly but not enough there to get another 10K from my wallet.  I think he SI looks better inside and out. The more I look at this, the more I don't care for the side body line sweep.  It just looks like they needed to do something so they did this to make it different.  I think Acura will be challenged to sell a lot of these, which in the long run does not make this offering very smart.
Feels like Acura phoned this one in  and called it a day.
Elantra N = more car for less $
Ok so the Audi A3 is more premium? I just saw a savagegeese video on it where they and the comments below all say that there isnt enough the A3 offers for the money. If you watch enough reviews, you'll feel like no car out there is good enough. I looked at the audi a3, they said it isnt great, so I looked at the integra and they say you should buy a civic instead.
If those seats are like the rsx they will rip to shreds eventually.
I feel like the new Honda designs are putting Acuras in a tight spot, the more mature/elegant exterior and the interior with honeycomb dashboard looks really good and Acura have to step it up to differentiate more between the two brands as it is supposed to be the "Luxury" one. Of course that is for customer who are picking between a Honda and an Acura but if we compare it to the competitors, that is again another gap that they need to close.
If im gonna pay $40,000 for a civic I might as well get the previous type-r
I'm not sure if it's a easter egg, but the front bumper, the embossed integra word is the same font, style, and same placement as the 1994-2001.
Now at Honda and Acura your only choice is Honda Fit engine with a tiny turbo. Honestly quite stupid.
Should have kicked him in the nuts.
the clutch sound popping up reminds me of the tsx clutch
Under powered Four door family  car with some carbon fiber a manual transmission give me a break. Back in the day they wouldn't be able to give this thing away. I've gotten too old for Honda/acura  to fool me anymore. Hey they make great family cars if you need one stop by a dealer.
Another disappointment 🤭
I've seen a lot of comments so far, and what they've said consistently is all about 1.5T. Looks so cool, but seems kind of not affordable.
It's a basic bitch.
43 for 1.5L fuck no.
Let's just say that you RSX y
40k question. Yeah. That's a big no
2017 Fiesta ST, Im Original owner. What would you trade it in for?
the
Lmaooo the nestle shade was funny af 😂😂😂😂😂
Honda Accord? Got it I'll buy 1 instead 😂
lmaooo 4:20 slamming on that clutch
So is this integra got the Original VTEC Technology.. you know "When VTEC Kicks in"
No two door?  Why a four door?  The civic type R is a four door.  Sucks.
That clutch thing is nuts!
Insult to any of the previous integras
Haaay. Waht is going out  ather vedio sad its from honda motors   now u sad its Acura waht acura this
Garbage.  Over priced for what it is.
Rather build a solid dc2/dc4  and kswap it
Civic Si for 3-10k over sticker vs Integra at MSRP … suddenly the Integra has made a lot of sense to me.
Acura calling that car an Integra is embarrassing. 200hp in a turbo car when my 2001 RSX type S or (Integra) had 200hp in a naturally aspirated engine. I feel like they went backward.
“…from the scumbags at Nestlé”  😆😆😆😆😆😆 love it
Might have to punish the engine in the one we just got, after break in period😁yes nice upgraded loud sound system
Honda is discontinuing the 2.0 T engine in the Accord Sport Touring for 2023, so that alternative to the Acura Integra is no longer available.  It is very annoying that Acura mandates the upgrade to A Spec with Technology Package in order to purchase a manual transmission.
It looks like a 10th generation accord
Still got my RSX type S. Funny how it has the same HP as this and way lighter in weight and it’s 20 years old lmao
Bring back the gsr integra
This car is stupid. Just go get the civic
Acura discontinued the Integra twenty+ years ago because they felt they were competing against themselves with the Civic. They were right and made the same mistake again. 200HP?🤦🏻
I kinda wished it would have been a coupe hatchback
Lol, scumbags at Nestlé, classic!!!
Thomas: "Well, that made me uncomfortable."  Everyone else watching: Yeah me too !
🤔I think I'll stick to my early generation Acuras.
Honda is getting Lazy in making sporty cars. They slapped the Integra decal here and called it a day.  What's funny is, Honda's 4 cyl 1.5L turbo = 200hp. Toyota's 3 cyl 1.6L turbo  = 300hp. Toyota made 1 cylinder less but 100hp more. Honda used to be the king in HP/ liter but they are now behind Kia and Hyundai in this category.
Forgot to add another big point between civic Si and Integra. Si is only in normal 4 door sedan as Integra is 5 door hatchback.
I had an 89 Intergra LS Special Edition, which was more of a luxurious Civic Si.  It wasn’t the fastest, but it was fun as hell to drive and cornered really well.  I guess this is the modern edition of the Integra LS.  It cost 17K back then, and due to inflation it costs 40K today.
This car review is gospel
4:47 both my Scion tCs did the same thing but were 2.5l inline 4s
It should have been a 2 door with a better engine. Something to compete with the GR86.
Holy crap, is that thing every UGLY!
40k almost 50k for a 1.5T? No one in their damn right mind would buy this shit lol
the SI is marked up at minimum of $5k in the states while the Aspec Integra is sold at MSRP. I bought the Integra.
I always kinda feel bad for people who design taillights for slow cars, knowing know one will ever see them.
For a couple more thousands you can get a Type R instead.
Test drive a loaded A Spec, the interior was cool and the handling was responsive but I couldn't justify almost a 700 payment for that car.
Honda's fallen off the face of the earth.
How dare they call this abomination an Integra.
Answer: no.
That’s not an integra,
Such an ugly car
People are missing that this car STARTS at 30k, which is 2k more than the SI base model(~28k). Still silly to me that they used that engine but if it's a better looking SI with more premium feel for only 2k more, that's not that bad of a thing.
2022 Acura ilx with the k24 engine and dual clutch transmission is a better setup. Give it some better suspension components and you got a winner.
I'll take an ATS
Is the Integra a much quieter ride? I do a lot of driving for work and the kids activities and I’m wondering if the Integra is enough of an upgrade for a comfortable 2 hour family ride.
Sales on this ugly underpowered “INTEGRA” will sell poorly… bet???
Saddest INTEGRA ever
If there is ever a integra type r, it better have 330-350hp and a coupe
Waste of integra name
Hello…? Acura should have invested in its own car like they did for the first gen
Seems a steep price. For that price you can get a Lexus IS.
I’m sorry, am I the only one that does not at all like the Civic’s styling? So bland, I’ve never seen a car that bland that every YouTuber can’t get over why someone would pay $8k more for a better looking, more luxury feature clad, better sound system, luxury car dealer treatment, did I mention much better styling?!! *strictly opinion*
they gotta bring back the signature integra headlights... this is not an integra
Me sitting in my 10th gen Si laughing with my extra $13,000
Is that 200 crank??😂😂😂😂😂
Three letters CVT…that is all…
Being 50 years young this is sad, we are talking about  the car that was straight fire in the late 90’s and the Type R 2000 yellow 🤤. Now everything is absolutely the same. Just buy a Toyota Camry an call it a day!
Other comments mentioned, but they missed a layup by not putting a tuned 2.0T under the hood.
11:17 WHAT!?
i used to work on these, the body is actually unique from all other models.
Bruh the Type-S leak has the Tripe Tip exhaust like the Civic Type-R, maybe it’ll have the same motor and actually look more aggressive 👀🔥
Honda/Acura has been complete joke recently.
Honda needs to get the Type R Integra, like the DC5R back. At this price, rather get the newly launched Honda Civic Type R with it's more matured look compared to the last "Gundam" iteration.
Ever since the design was put out people didn't like it. Set to fail from the start. Acura, you fucked it up!
One of my neighbours just got one of these and I didn't even realize it was an Integra at first!
17 iLX Aspec owner here. Acura dropped the ball in this one , I don’t see this platform lasting very long. Major Fail !
Waste of time with this vid
Should have been an old vs new. :(   And they should have dragged raced the Si
Hello. Please tell me... I saw that this Acura has mileage in km not in miles. IT'S THE FIRST MILEAGE I SEE IN KM, NOT MILES Are you not from the US? THANKS
They ruined the legacy of the Integra nameplate with this. They just should have stuck with the previous Acura Civic based nameplate...the RSX. Also the Civic looks worlds better. I've haven't been a fan of Acura styling in quite a while. Loved the previous gen Integra and Legend from the 1990's. Their style has been wonky even since they introduced the MDX.
Aside from the abomination that is the new WRX, this is probably the biggest swing and miss of any enthusiast car in recent years. This thing wasn’t even worth making. 👎🏼
I aint paying 40k for. 1.5l motor.  Honda is smoking a lot of crack
Acura has never been worth it to me, unlike lexus, which I prefer over toyota
1.5L ?😑👎
I know Acura died a long time ago, but I keep coming back for news just hoping something changed.......nope.
Disappointed with ambient lighting. It should be like the MDX. As a luxury brand, it should have a panoramic sunroof and a larger infotainment screen. The dashboard should be inspired by the MDX in order to create a distinctive image from the Civic.
お前らインテグラ発売するだけありがたいだろ怒 日本では発売しないのに
needs the 2.0L turbo from the accord. the integra had more displacement than the civic.
4:53 is the funniest thing ive ever seen
I'll never own nor buy one of these newer ones. Staright garbage
A a 6' 6" man I'd love if you sat your sound man Harrison in the front of all the cars you review.
When we have 2.0 accords and the IS200t why would you bother with this 🤣
They absolutely should have put in the 8DCT in the base trim instead of the CVT. The 8DCT was a pretty great transmission in the ILX and 2.4L TLX. Can't believe they thought the CVT was a better fit for a base Integra over that.
Ugly car...
They could have colored the calipers!! Maybe some striping
Dealers have the regular civic marked up, this car is worth it for the stereo alone. ELS Studio 3D is unreal
Thanks to James demonstrating massive rev hang on 2nd gear near redline.  Honda definitely killed joy of manual shifting. I totally lost the interest in this vehicle.
Still waiting for the review on the new Integra but first move this new honda Crosstour out the way Jennifer has lacrosse practice at 6 pm sharp
Man got slapped on the face for this video. How can you not hit like?
I fell in love with the Acura Integra Line back with the (1992) Acura Integra 2-DR/HB [4cl/1.8L-DOHC] Ralley Sport Edition which was my very first car that I owned in high-school which was a hand me down that was gifted to me on my 17th birthday. A car that my father had bought brand-new "straight off the lot" way back in circa 1992! I love the overall design, the styling of the body, the chasis and the great cornering & handling, plus the lightweight frame that has a million cheap "bolt on" aftermarket parts available for it last but not least it containes a reliable workhorse of an engine that has no problem lasting over +350,000 miles; with just a little minor scheduled vehicle maintenance & propper regular upkeep!
Unless you try to get a civic SI in the US, and they tell you it will cost $10K more over MSRP. The cheapest we were able to find $5k. We were able to secure a custom order with "only" $1k over sticker. Honestly, extremely upsetting how the dealerships are capitalizing on the inventory issues. To add, the Honda dealership experience was awful, we contacted over 10 dealerships, and each one kept changing their shipping dates and price. We ordered the Acura instead, hoping to upgrade to a Type S when it comes out.
Love the video, everyone complains abtoutt chrome...they delete the chrome... Now its not enough chrome... This is y manufacturers dont listen to us enthusaists
Nice car, bad value
Can you please review the 2023 Lexus UX please? I know it’s not the views driving car, but I’m sure you guys will find a way to make it interesting.
I laughed at the water joke way more than it deserved it 😆
My da9 doesn’t have any flex in any of the interior panel and to be completely honestly problably would handle better with the same tires and similar setup of the dampers
Over priced tbh
WOWWW THAATS SLOW
The ILX literally had a dual clutch. The switch to a CVT seems like such a downgrade.
If you can find a 2015 ILX with the 6MT and K24  with 201 hp, you could pick one up for half the price. You're just sacrificing technology, looks, and tuning potential haha
A $40k ?! integra will AlWAYS be NO , I’ll save anyone from having to watch this video  $40k integra
It is just me , I like the civic si better
40 grand is golf R money.😆😆😆😆😆😆
@1:32 thank you James. F*ck nestle 🫡🤝🏼
This is essentially a 4 door Si. Acura really missed the mark by not making this a high end/dignified Type R. Stop pandering to gen Z who can’t drive manuals. What was the point of rebind this car and then not giving gear heads what we want.
Exact same 0-60 as my 2016 ILX a-spec. It's an ILX, which is a Civic SI. Mostly a name plate change with all the ink that has been spilled over that.
who in their right mind would purchase this (especially the CVT variant) over the Mazda3 turbo sedan?... Or just get the TLX A-Spec?
Dude wtf thats not an Integra
Very honest and objective review of the Integra. I was looking at this car, but now will explore other options. Thanks again!
What a boring car.
Guess I'll be that old far still driving my DC2... oh well ^ ^
dogshit. dogshit warmed over with a catshit veneer for being palatable.
This is why I don't take this brand (this and Genesis) seriously: the back looks like an unabashed rip off of the Hyundai Genesis coupe, while the whole profile seems to be taken from the new Civic. No brand identity whatsoever
so just curious, after driving the Honda civic SI, the Acura Integra and the Acura Tlx type S, which would you prefer out of the 3? which performed better in your personal opinion?
Wouldn't pay 30k for it.
That's an ugly ass car. WTF is this shit Acura? Who TF designed this shit to be an Integra 🤦‍♂🤦‍♂🤦‍♂
As former owner of a 1998 Integra GSR 4-door with manual and VTEC engine, I was excited to see the return. It was a concession to first-time fatherhood, but still so much fun to drive.  A huge disappointment to see a weaker, heavier, so obviously Civic rebrand.
I've still got my pristine 98 Integra - though my main fun driver is 2019 370z.  Can't believe how ugly they made this. The TLX and ILX both flowed better - and they hardly get me excited in terms of looks. Yikes... This looks like a mini crosstour or a mazda 3 with curves replaced by dents...
I just think it looks that much better than a civic
JDM Honda is getting out of touch these days and this lame Acura from USA even worst.  kinda sad to see Honda in such state today.
Come on Honda integra is integra… forget about your Acura family look
it's really not hard...Sleek, low slung 2 door, lightweight with 300+ hp.  Make it in black, white, red, and a few bright colors like high lighter yellow or a neon green.  Thats it.  Just do that.  Thats what everyone thinks of then they think INTEGRA. For the money they want the car should be rwd and sport the 2.0
garbage.. for this just get the civic typeR
Pure life is actually better water than Fiji.
Only 200hp lol not even worth it, my 2019 accord has more than that 😂😂so much for a “sports car”
11:17 questionable build quality.
Cash grab
This new "Integra" is just a glorified TSX. Bring back the real Integra/RSX! It had to be a coupe first of all!
The 2 minute mark alone gets a thumbs up!
Lost me 5 seconds into this video. Never again.
Overpriced piece of junk.
No excuse for what they gave us. Told us we'd get an Integra, but gave us a rebadged and downgraded ILX. The design is a show of how little they care and are in touch with their fanbase.
Eiffel tower
How could you justify buying this car @ $46k CAD when you could get a Golf R (awful dash notwithstanding) for the same price?
Why not just buy a lightly used certified BMW 3 series and get 10x the car?
Objectively a nice car, but not for the price.
“The scum bags at nestle” lol
Why would anyone want the Acura badge over a Honda badge? Honda should have more pride in their name and get rid of Acura.
It looks like a TL😢
Wrong!! Nestle sold off all its bottling business pure life is no longer theirs
idk i just dont trust acura at all.
Love all black look
Taillights look like a 00s Solara.  This car sucks. Ill remember the 90s integra nostalgically without knowing they've ruined it. Ill lie to myself
The 99 integra was my first car. I'm turning in my grave.
To me cars arent the same car without the aesthetic. Even if its the same engine.. without a similar shape its a different car. This is not an Acura Integra. The old one didn't look like a civic. This shouldn't either
THIS  IS  LESS  OF  AN  INTEGRA  THAN THE  SUPRA  IS  A  SUPRA  NOW
I'd take the 90s integra any day over this enormous blob.
Same car as civic si and the accord 2.0
For some reason, Acura still does not get the respect that other, more expensive luxury brands command.   To me, it seems weird to compare the $31,000 USD Integra to the $47,000 USD Audi S3 then complain about the high price of the Acura. If Acura sold the Integra for the same price as the Honda Civic Si, the brand would lose prestige and go out of business.   Purchasing a premium brand means paying a premium price. It also comes with a premium customer experience since the Acura customer service is generally superior to Honda customer service. (At my Acura service center, there is free gourmet coffee, pastries, bottled water, courtesy shuttle service, WiFi, and a comfortable, quiet, carpeted lounge with couches and a big screen TV. At Honda next door, there is a water fountain, folding chairs, no WiFi, and a noisy waiting area with a concrete floor - but I believe Honda customers can walk over to Acura and use the shuttle if they wish.)
I was actually hoping they just modernized the classic Integra design and put a turbo version of S2000 engine in it.
The ilx is a bit faster
$40,000 for tiny motor hell nah
Please do a video on custom builds like the 818
Integra = Honda crosstour... ugly model design
watch, next year they'll redesign the inside and engine 😅
why do you need bolstered seats in a 1.5l anemic lawnmower ?
So absolutely stupid to compare dumping water on someone to tasting it… that’s like saying driving a car and riding are the same… some lame.. get some better editors you guys fing suck
It took me out when he say civic si 😂😂😂
Would it have killed them to put an extra 20-30 hp in this?  I think that wouldve made a world of difference.
https://youtu.be/_yxZkWNciEM?t=179 "A turbocharged, 200 horsepower engine that loves to rev!" *cuts to shot of engine winding up to redline at 6500 rpm*
the civic doesNOT look good. the damn thing looks like a caveman with an overhanging eyebrow. it looks like something volkswagen would keep locked up in the basement.
Does it have an Automatic transmission version?
still that 1.5L oil dilution engine? Okay.....
Guess I’ll go with the civic type R route
Honda should just make a Frankenstein build k20a2/24a2 slap a turbo on it and call it the type R because these new engines are ass 🤦🏻‍♂️ or go crazy re-engineer a h2b and a slap a turbo on that lol
So you guys review granny cars now?
U should buy an full specs accord touring, within everything better
Not 1.5l civic si motor for $40,000,why not 2.0l turbo accord better, what they thinking…🤔🤔🤔
I thought the Integra was the Acura version of the Prelude, not the Civic. At least it used to be that way, right?
Make a video on a 2007 Honda city dolphin you will be impressed
TLX competes C class  Integra competes A class _______ competes E class _______ competes S class  Acura needs to make more models with bigger engines and more spacious interiors to compete the rest.
This Integra competes with Mercedes A class.
Track test the Elantra N!
If this car is any decent a driving experience, I'll buy it used 5-10yrs later.
2025/26 model will probably fix a lot of the querks.
Big failure from Honda.
rather get the new type R
that front plate is so horrible..
The integra is a miss for me. I like the concept of an affordable, RELIABLE, luxury sportsback but for $37k I want rear climate control for my passenger. Please let Acura know!
A 2000 Acura integra GSR had an MSRP of $22,200 which equates to around $37000 in todays money USD. So to be fair the pricing seems pretty fair for the times we live in if the one back in the day had less luxury and less power but adds up to nearly the same price.
Never noticed before, but you guys have great hair.
I’m a Hyundai fanboy and I think they fucked up with the Integra heritage. They should’ve made it look like 90% Original Integra or even RSX not some Genesis coupe.
ima put the Integra seats in the Si. only thing that would have made this car worth it was if it had 6 cylinders…
This car is absolut garbage.
I agree this is crap!!
My brother had one of the original Integras (yes, going into the way-back machine) and he loved the thing.  They can clean this up a bit more and you've got a great entry-level to Ac monster. Love the stick-shift. Love it. I'd love if they put into the TL line.
Pure garbage. Nothing like an integra.
Disappointed honestly.   It's a redesigned Acura ILX.  The ILX didn't sale, so they brought back an iconic name, and offered a 6spd manual.     I built a priced one, and it was $47k.  With only 200hp? The OG Type R, na B18 had 200hp, and prob weighs half of this.    Sigh....  I can order a Civic Sport, with the same engine, offered with the HPD spoiler package, manual, and save $10k+
Man, I’m really disappointed at the Integra. Having owned one, I expected more.
I really hope they fail with this car
$40k Integra...LOL..
🤮🤮oops, I meant... 🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮 I love how reviewers dance around trying to be "objective". These guys did a better job with the review, but still, this car fucking sucks. RIP Integra. Acura pissed all over your grave. Hanging on to my 2001 "Jack sparrow black" GSR.
Technology helps but then makes cars less fun...
for the price it should have more power
You can tell James is a kinky guy
"Purelife by the scumbags at nestle" 😭
This would’ve been 10 times more competitive if they made it all wheel drive, gave it the type r motor, and made it 45k. Would’ve been a more luxurious alternative to the Golf R and Kia Stinger. Also a more practical and cheaper to maintain alternative to the M240i.
It’s a Legend with Vigor
I’ll take a stinger over this
no
A forty thousand dollars integra, lol. Acura drop the ball on why the Integra was popular one of them was the price.
Simple answer , no do not buy this generic underwhelming letdown of a car
I saw one today passing me on a highway and was like "Damn, what kind of Acura is that, looks cool, must be fast too."  Then went online and was not impressed. Acura keeps disappointing.
200hp? No. Absolutely not. If it's not pushing 300hp it's not even on my list.
Not an Integra...
The fact that this car in 6mt is 3k more than the auto is a nightmare. 30-32k for this car for would be fine. But 35k is a hard pass.
This is not an integra.
Honestly, one of the best looking vehicles right now after the Giulia and the model 3
I worked in the auto industry for years running the back ends (service/parts). One of those was Falconi’s Acura of Las Vegas. Those were the last of the golden years of true Acura identity. We had the phase out of the old Integra into the new RSX. We had the NSX flagship and the TL and TSX coming into their own.  I always had a civic hatch with a swap and even a 2000 Blue SI but with a full B18C swap for more torque and overall performance. Along with plenty of EG/EK’s from years past.  I gotta tell you…. I was so hopeful Acura would wow us with a true Integra but I am left wanting.  It’s sad. Acura lost its identity. Nothing about the car screams Integra.  It’s so boring. Aesthetically it’s a let down. It may drive nice and have a LSD but the oversight on things like the clutch pedal clap back is telling.  I wish Honda would understand what their true audience wants at least to be available…. A cheap hot hatch with a stout chassis and strong drivetrain… like the K-Series… and then do a true u issue line of luxury sedans for Acura and diffuse those down into the accord and 4 door civic.  Just give us a cheaper basic hatch; power windows, AC, strong K like engine and maybe a head into that can tie into phone easily. That’s it. Price that competitively and it would sell well and inspire a whole new generation to revive the brand.  There’s no way anyone is looking at the Integra saying I want to customize that.
what a rip
this car is such a let down
I’d rather get the accord with the 2.0T  a damn shame
This is the ugliest acura that I ever seen please start over if acura need help I got ya...
Not worth the premium over the Si imo.
Good video, shitty car.
This is so stupid. Looks like a damn honda/camera. What a waste
Y’all ain’t funny so I bailed
This is the lamest move I have ever seen when bringing back a legend... well except for the 2000-2005 Mitsubishi Eclipse.
its huuuge!!! thats not a integra to me
Honda/Acura same.  Spread the wealth.
So in the US, it sounds like it does support the extra $ in your opinion?
I can’t believe the clutch makes that sound, that’s basic stuff.
I like this ILX review, very detailed
Fail!!!! Big mistake to make a front wheel drive. FAIL! The Nissan Z will get more sells than this stupid car. After all these years and this what they did? hahahahhahaahhaahahaha such a laughing stock. A fuking $40,000 Dollars hahahahahahaahhahaahahah is this some sort of a joke?
While rev hang might be a non-negotiable aspect of the tuning thanks to emissions, it's frankly a deal breaker. I say this after spending a lot of time driving a 2016 WRX. While the car was great overall, the rev hang made it so annoying to drive, even when going slowly.  However, my 2017 Mazda 3 manual has ZERO rev hang so I have a hard time understanding why some manufacturers have it while others don't. Frankly, I'd rather have a fast shifting auto than a rev-hangy manual, but you're stuck with a CVT in this car. I give it a solid meh out of ten, especially for that price.
The engine loves to rev because it has no other choice lmao, thing is a turd and Acura is a shell of the company Lexus has become. They lost the race in dramatic fashion.
Luxury Civic running on premium fuel. No thanks
Jame's I'd like you to compare this car with Honda's new civic type R for price and quality point of view?
A-spec is $35k USD. Still not worth it at that price, not when you can get a fully spec'd WRX or GTI or Veloster\Elantra N for that with 25-30% more power. If the Integra S type comes out with the Type R engine for $42-44k then you'd have my attention but the stupid Type Rs are still being "market value" jacked up to almost $50k, where again it isn't worth it. I got a Veloster N for $28k and with an intake and downpipe love it more than I would have the Type R anyway (especially the better exhaust note, stock and modified) The only new car I have hope for now is the new Corolla GR and that's only IF they don't mark it up to $45-50k as well
I don’t think they need to dump the clutch while rolling in revers to do a burnout. Looks great. And a lot of great info. But. Not paying 40 grand for a fancy civic.
integra ruined
I'm India nice 👌👌 Car
its only 100 hp and 1000 rpm short of good
OK THE THE THE THE THE THE THE THE THE  0:17
Its about 10 grand overpriced. They should have added electric motors for awd like the NSX if they wanted to ask 40k.. update I just saw one in person today at the dealership it literally looks like the civic with with add-ons and some luxury upgrades, definitely not worth it
2020 and before accord gets you 2.0T 6MT, more space and a less price.
I looked at one, and it's pretty much a Acura badged accord or something in that category. I'd rather have my 97 integra GSR... And 40k is not acceptable.👎 There's no way this should be an integra. (My opinion) I think a coupe platform would have been more fitting, at least for the top trim manual. I prefer manual, do you remember when it used to be the other way around, when the low trim was a manual lol...
Just not an Integra without a 2 door that's clean, simple and fun. Call it anything else, but an Integra it's not. This can be a decent car, but piggybacking off past legendary cars and hoping people bypass all the marketing BS is a shame.
The Corolla GR , which has a 1.4 and 300hp…with awd…all for around (starting)40k…that’s all I have to say
1.5 deal breaker worth 30k not 40k
You got it backwards. Honda Japan makes a line of badass cars/chasis then tells Acura in the US so make em. Honda America and Honda Japan trade off on designs which is why some civics look "Badderasser" and others look like a white dude made it...
Great cars start from the top down.  If the company makes a successful sports car, the rest of their cars will have that DNA.  Honda lost that formula about 10yrs ago.
sorry i don't think going in reverse to do a burnout is really a burnout.
43K for a honda rebadged.   F*&K off
Try the Kia Forte Gt baby
Garbage. I’m sorry this is garbage. I had a 2003 rsx type s that would smash this! Horrible car. Wow Acura SUCKS
Acuras, some of the best cars ever built
Y’all’s videos are genuinely funny man 😭
These are gonna be super rare in 10 years cuz no one will buy one. Anyone looking for a manual transmission sports sedan in this range will spend 5k less and get the civic si or spend 5k more and get the type r which has been refined really well. They'll probably sell quite a lot of automatics to the younger entry to luxury cars crowd. People who liked the ILX (they must exists because I see them all the time) will get this in an automatic, just a small displacement turbo ILX. Why they would rebrand the ILX which was an entry to luxury car with the Integra name which has always been sporty and once carried a type r badge is beyond me. If they make a type R with the 2.0L with this they're gonna need to cut a lot of weight to make it enjoyable. It seems more and more they're just going for gimmick and namesake legacy sales anymore. Never rest on your laurels.
Just say Honda...
yeah.  Civic si is a much better buy.
My 00' GSR is just as fast and lighter. How is a 22 yr old car better than a brand new teggy? I don't even want to call this a teggy.
Yet another turd slapped on with a popular name badge FFS! I don’t see anything worthwhile spending that $40k. That same $40k could just go towards the Z that probably does more without having to spend EXTRA. Even a Supra quite possibly if there’s extra cash to spend.
throw a hondata on that
Much rather have the new Z for 40k... And I am NOT a Nissan fan by any means.
Sad this 😢 should had brought a 350 HP and a big engine 😪
Throttle house guys watch Tacoma FD?  Intro seemed inspired by.
Save your money and buy an SI
Slow POS.
I don't see any reason to get an Integra over a SI at this price point unless you are just absolutely in love with the Integra. Especially with the Type R coming out soon and probably around the same price as the Integra.
It’s hideous. Acura/Honda should have used the integra as an opportunity to introduce a redesign of their whole line up.
Get the new type R instead
This thing is literally got the same confuses like Civic FE vs Accord 1.5t...........Honda and Acura should change their marketing with, buy a 1.5 turbi engine with flat 30k, and take the chassis of Civic SI,Accord and Integra as a freegift.....
So Fugly! Integra fell wayyyy off!
What a waste of time
Garbage car....
F**k this vehicle
"loves to rev" but only limited to 6500 rpm lmao
It really should have more HP. My 2002 RSX Type S makes 200hp, you'd think after 20 years they'd bump up the power.  My guess is that they're saving the spicier motor for the Type S trim, and use the new Civic Type R drivetrain in that.
No one in usa is going to buy that car , its nothing that we wanted,  rsx-s is sill 100% better
i don't know what the fuck that is but its not an integra
It could preform well but the looks is very lazy. An ILX from the front and a Gensis coupé from the back.
3 minutes in and still no start in the review? Come on dude. Wtf
You want them to make it the same price as the Civic? Then you would complain the civic is too expensive.
Is Thomas wearing a speedmaster in the beginning of the video? Thomas?! Are you a watch guy?!
For that price i would personally go for the new z
That intro was funny 😁😆😀🤣👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
He's taking the mickey lmao.
Sorry to say but we can get 200 HP Suv with ADAS and a hell lot of features in under 30grand (XUV 7OO) In india. Mahindra is doing a good job it seems.
This car is an absolute POS🤬🤬🤬  21 years and this is the best you can do????
When do you guys test the 2023 Civic Type R?
A whole 200 hp lol shut the hell up Honda boys.
I’m sorry there’s no honda sedan worth $40k! They could at least come out with a new S2000!  Why remake the Integra and make it look like a mommy sedan.   Just like Pontiac did with the GTO.   These companies need to fire their designers.
it looks so boorrring.... rather just get the type R
A $40K Honda Civic? Feck. That's a hard pass.
This just makes me want to buy an older Integra model...
Nice ILX bro. Dont know about this "integra" business.
Why buy this when the ctr comes out ?
Another epic fail by American Honda Motor.
Why would anyone want this over the civic type R?
Doesnt even seem like a lot of "technology" for the price its at. They missed the whole point of the integra and that was affordability of it and it being a fun car
Every modern Japanese manufactured car review should start, in the first 30 seconds, with how much the new car weighs. The real fan base for Japanese cars stems from 1990's era cars. That's why they use the nameplates from back then. They know this. But these cars weigh 1/3 again or more on top of what they used to. Adding 100HP is all well and good until the acceleration/HP is completely absorbed by the weight, not to mention handling characteristic differences.
Take away 2 of the doors, throw the 1.5 turbo in the dumpster and add a high revving 2.0L 220hp engine and call it a day.
Wow so nice I honestly like these 💕🔥💯
I cant get past the fact that the rear end looks like a Genesis Coupe. I CANT UNSEE IT.
Loved my 1993 Acura integra ... first new car I bought.  $12,500.00.  Was hoping to buy the new one but for the $$$, and what you get, I will be looking at something else.
Ok...it's official. I am now watching TH no matter if I am interested in the car or not. You guys are killing it! So much fun to watch.
A nicer Civic Si is exactly what I wanted so I didn't mind the price. It's not for everyone, but keeping in mind you can't actually get a 2022 Civic Si right now where I live, it fit what I wanted at a price i was willing to pay even if it's a bit spicy. I also wasn't in a position to wait for the new Type R next year.
You guys are awesome🤘
The "integra" was, historically, never a suited up Si. That was kept for the EL, CSX, and ILX... Acura has downgraded the Integra...
Immediately thought Genesis coupe from the lower rear shot... Questionable car, as a Honda fan
_Are the people at Acura even living in America? This is NOT what we've been waiting for or will waist our money on!_
The 5-speed Accord 2.0T is cheaper, stronger, looks better.
What went wrong Acura /Honda? Digging own graveyard on sales??  Company who that has rep for best engine build..  More than 10 yrs ago .company who built 2.0L..210Hp.. 1.5L even with turbo..only 200Hp. It's sounds like NASA.....we went to moon... But we lost the technology to go back to the moon..
This or a loaded mazda 3s awd for several thousand less?
We all knew this car was going to be a bust
My 2007 Camry has more power than this car. This is such a terrible platform.
Yuck.  I have owned 3 Integras in my time thus far - this is a disgraceful insult to its history.
Clutch bangs because it's DBW which ruined so much about cars. Dead feeling just like the dead pedal in the Mk7 GTI and Focus ST. Though bet those two are more fun
I’m literally Laughing that they released this …….  Zero Fuc*ks were given when making this car 🤣🤣
This is stupid, but why no rear wiper like the Civic Si?
I hate to say it but I love these. I really really think Acura did great and people are gonna do exactly what they did with the Toyota Supra. They’re gonna hate it
Buy me this car....
I will stick to my 99 Integra thanks a lot though LOL
Honda in Australia is dead... this car is rubbish
The car is an engine tune away from being great!
Definitely a rip off of the giulia spoiler.8:35
I'd just get the civic si; if I wanted the same anemic fucking engine that Honda keeps putting in these overpriced vehicles. They're insanely off the mark with this one. I really want to love my Honda's, but damn they're making it hard.
top trim integra vs new civic type r ?
This review is kind of disappointing as I live in the same city as you Throttle House and I have never seen a Civic SI selling for MSRP here. With the mark-ups, Civic SIs here go for more than a fully loaded Integra 6MT! At that point its absurd why anyone would choose the Civic over this.
Hey guys which back roads in the Toronto area do you usually go to test drive the cars?
It’s hideous IMO.
Legends, get it? Legend… Acura Legend……… Oh nevermind.
I was so excited when I heard they were bringing it back. Only to end up sitting in my GSR, trying to convince myself this never happened.
Damn i really thought acura was going to do alittle more with that 1.5l. Maybe a bigger intercooler and a bigger boost to increase power. Sad.
Was a 4-cyl, turbo, AWD, DCT, running around 370hp/370 tq, in a hatch too much to ask?  (see MB's GLA45AMG)
A polished up Honda Accord….
The cheaper ST can beat it (used, of course).
Nope, NEXT! For me, the bar was set by the likes of the STI and EVO.  You guys want to fight for scraps and squeeze more power out of an already underpowered engine, go at it. Sad thing is, ACURA, LEXUS, NISSAN, can do a whole lot better, but they are clearly catering to a generation that has their face stuck to a cellphone and care less about performance in a car, just looks to be the best poser at the next meet.  My evolution in cars: '93 Integra, '11 STI, '14 GTR, '22 M4CxD.
This is gonna be a great pick up in the used market after a couple years
: )
So, $50k+ after taxes and dealer fees. Yeah, I’ll just get 2 BRZ’s or Nissan’s new Z-car for the same price…
Who in their right mind is going to spend $40k(probably $50k+) on this? If you are planning on getting one, I'd love to hear what else you have looked at.
Drag race against Honda Civic and VW GLI which has similar specs, most likely a better transmission (auto or manual) and interior IMO for $10k less... but stock tires are garbage.
oh, its FUGLY!! What's wrong with car makers!!!
It's  not  an Integra.
Thumbs up the video for their Nestle roast.
Sounds like one of ya grew up on a liner between the UK and USA
I think after this review Acura changed the price in there shit car to 31k now
Rev limiter is 6500?  The only thing not boring about this car is that it comes in a manual.
That intro was the most painful yet lol
Honda/ Acura make great cars, but grossly under power. This car with more power will be a knockout
This was good  Sincerely a former DC2 owner  I may get one of these regardless 🤷🏿‍♂️
I voted.  I bought an Si.  Waiting for a hopeful allocation for a Type R as I think that will be worth the $40k vs. the A-Spec.
🤔 . . . I've owned 8 Integras and two rsx cars. I literally hate the look. I'd take an early 90's Integra stock with it's cable clutch over this. Acuras downfall.
This car needs the Honda 10 speed automatic for that extra price.
2.0 T with the type R 6 speed wouldve been nice
Acura should have puts a detuned 2.0 turbo in it especially for that price.
Problem with this car is.  Elantra N exists.
Boo! Manuals suck!!
If you gonna buy an Acura you might as well go for the TLX type S or MDX type S. Why waist your time on a 200 hp small sedan.
The rear end reminds me so much of the genesis coupe. Probably because the tail lights are damn near identical
I know that the RSX was basically a Civic Si as well...a "rich man's civic" if you will. But that price gap is what's killing it for essentially the same performance.
1.5 liter turbo? Cummon man! 2.5 liter turbo would've been ideal.
Just the first two minutes were enough to give this video a like. I don't care if Integra is a Civic in a suit or not, the review is brilliant regardless.
Does the current Integra look like this? I have never seen it in Japan.
Fittingly, this has pretty much been the opinion of reviewers towards Integras since the beginning: merely okay, not nice enough to be a real Acura, and not exciting in any way.  I owned an '87 1st gen and though it had only 113hp, it had tons of torque steer and couldn't escape a stop light on a wet road as the right wheel would just sit and spin unless you had a passenger to hold it down.  I learned to start in 2nd gear in the wet, but those 80's Honda clutches were so small that you had to baby it and I soon stopped letting anyone else drive the car as they inevitably made the clutch smoke.  I liked the car overall as it was my first "good" car, but was so disgusted of the traction that my next car a decade later was a brand new 2002 WRX bug-eye.  Full-time 4WD, LSDs front and center, and a beefy clutch definitely solved the traction problem, but the extra weight made it downright fat in the corners.  I loved the traction more than I did the car, but drove it for 18 years until the rear subframe rusted apart.  Nothing survives the Rust Belt for long if you don't have a garage :(.  I want my next car to be made from aluminum and carbon fiber, but that's not going to happen.  My standards have both lowered and raised; I just want something inexpensive, small, and light that won't rust.  Thus, I'll be disappointed, no matter what.
My 93 is better looking
FWD. Instant NO from me.Give me a real sports car.
The TL and RL flagships used to be $40,000 the world has gone nuts less costs more and more
Horrible! Acura got this one totally wrong. This one would've sold like candy had they paid some homage to the Integra of the 90s that everyone loved.
Japanese cars had its day...
Let me guess, honda built another worthless car that kills the old mission of honda....  Yup
If they made the Integra with the exact same bubble-eye GSR design it would still sell well today. This looks worse and doesn't perform better.
Terrible to use the integra name for such an ugly car, Looks very American and does not look sporty at all.
Only way this thing gets any love is with a type r version with the 2.0t oh and maybe some shawd but that will never happen it would probably hurt the tlx type s
stunning...absolutely stunning !
Honda should offer the si with the 2.0l t from Accord
Sad.... there should be a solid "Type S" with the Civic Type R powertrain. Dropping nearly $37k USD for an Integra with a 6 speed seems silly when for a few thousand more, one can get the Civic Type R. Also, the lack of a 2 door liftback is also sad. The RSX didn't have a sedan option, and now they went the opposite way and 86-ed the liftback. They can't seem to find the balance they had with the 3rd generation Integra. 4th generation being the RSX (USDM) also was good times, but it doesn't evoke what a DC2 JDM Integra does, and I doubt they'll ever get it that right again.
@Acura... What the @&^% are you doing?   First you screw up the new NSX by not listening to your fanbase and no one bought it. Now you are giving us this reskinned heavy weak POS that we didn't ask for! Not listing to us again? Welp.. no one will buy it and we'll see these as rental cars in a few years.   Seriously Acura.... LISTEN TO US... No one wants this. If this pulled up next to me at a stop light, not only would my 99 Accord V6 Coupe with 300k on the odom leave it for dead! I'd have assumed it was just a TLX or something. Nothing about this car screams buy me.... nothing.   That's 2 strikes... one more and you might be out.
This is what happens when Honda outsources engineering to the USA. Sorry, but these cars were 100X better when it was all done in Japan.
this car should be 25000$ not 43000$ that the base price of a mustang gt lollll
You can tell that the board room over at honda no longer has that racing pedigree and has a bunch of "we'll tell the people what they want". You can truly tell honda flew too close the the sun between the 80's-00's
Have owned many Honda products in the past. CRX, Prelude, NSX, Element, TL not sure what happened but I haven't found any Honda product appealing in the last  20 years. The final iteration of the latest NSX is looks great with the new front. Too bad its priced way out of my range.
This car doesn't cost 40K though? Can't really fault Acura for dealer price gouging.
Is there a car that has been released that you guys thought “this pretty much has everything we wanted and it’s everything we expected”?
Sorry but that's a higher price tag than the MSRP of the 10th Gen Civic Type R. Honda has lost its collective minds. And the only reason a CTR sells for MSRP+ is because of idiot consumers willing to overpay, because Honda sets the MSRP at a level where costs are covered and dealer makes a nice profit.
Good luck selling it at that price in this crashing economy.  Cars worth $28k. 1.5 liter slow af.
i love acura. i had one. a 2014 TSX special edition, that looked almost as good and had more horsepower as naturally aspirated.
its 30k not 40k not everyone gets the top trim
1.5L turbo I-4 that makes 200hp and only revs to 6.5k? It's like a Mazdaspeed Miata engine, but... worse.
Acura is a Joke now.   Most flagship brands are just simply packaging.  Nothing spectacular nor is it worth the $15-20k upsale.
I can’t wait to see the type S, I’m guessing 50-55k lol
In the 90s the integra was very distinguishable from the civic even from the si.
I just want a Si hatch.
I can’t afford any of the cars you review but these videos are entertaining.
They need a type S with the 2.0 turbo... Boy oh boy...
I can’t wait for them to review the 2023 type R 😎🫵
🗑 trash
Damn I paid 36k for awd Kia Stinger gt 2 years ago. They want 40 grand for an Integra???
$43K for a 1.5L nicer Civic. Wake up, people.
Que the...."but you only buy CUVs" marketing garbage.
New definition of "STUPID": Acura's new Integra.
Buy an Si, add Katskinz. Tada, saved 10 grand
I have a RSX and it's 18 years old and to me this isn't worth the upgrade. If anything the Si makes more sense. Plus nothing about this car shouts out unique in anyway. The base ilx looks far better.
Horrible car.. Overpriced, ugly and only an integra in name
I think Acura missed the mark with the Integra. I've already ruled it out.
Acura brand these days is the epitome of good enough. At least if the price was lower it could compete with Great Value brand.
Worthless just give us a type s
When I was 17, I had a manual Integra GS-R, and the Type R and 2 door Legend 6 Speed were my dream cars. I truly never thought a day would come when I didn’t own a Honda or Acura. Needless to say the RSX replaced the Integra and it’s been pretty much straight down hill since. I haven’t owned another one since, and likely never will again.
I’ll just get a Civic TypeR
Are you going to review Mazda CX-50?
The sound man test should be standardized.
Thomas looks  more magnificent  everyday
civic moment
That water pouring was definitely personal lmaoo
Wish this car came in a two door
Owned a TSX for 7 years. Absolutely a tank. I have no doubt this is a reliable platform. It looks sexier then a si.
No thank you, ill keep my 2001 integra GSR.
Looks like an accord. Pass. Honda still makes good motors but they don't have good designs anymore. It all looks the same.
As a Rsx type s owner, this is a disappointment ): we needed a 2 door coupe I rather buy the new type R for that price
Lost its integraty
Unfortunately this car turned out to be a absolute joke. Tuners, boy/girl racers, drifters, drag racers, do yourselves a favour and stay away from this abomination
"dirty little bassturd" LOL
Do the 2022 Grand Wagoneer Series 3
Honda has been so disappointing lately. Bland cars and always behind Toyota
Acura goes along with the Honda I don't want to offend anyone styling.  As much as I don't like Hyundai and Kia's quality, the styling is A++ on most of their products.  Lexus and Infiniti look a lot more polished than their Toyota and Nissan poorer brothers.  Acura does need to differentiate themselves from Honda, the NSX is gorgeous though.
Trash talking Barbosa...
Over hyped, over priced ...dumb decision to make a CVT automatic
nope, I'd rather spend $18k on a GS-R from 1998
Sorry bit that's no Integra. Big fat bloated mess.
Too bad it’s not a two door and affordable like the original integra!! This is just an accord
Anyone else think its beyond ugly?
Red interiors are played out and for Sally’s.
$40 for an integra? Nah fam buy a 98 and build it for that price and youll have more fun.
Excellent review as always, I've been waiting for this car for quite some time yet to be completely dissapointed. Where are the days of reasonably priced enthusiast cars and how can this not come with the 2.0T at the very least. So you have another way overpriced car that will not sell and they will say people don't want to drive stickshifts anymore. For now I will have to stick with my 19 Accord sport 2.0T 6 speed which is a little soft but a great car with a great engine.
So basically Acura screwed the pooch on this legendary nameplate. What a shame 😪
These guys rock so hard, I have trouble following so much new content :) Incredible!
Acura is trying to capitalize on the Integra name and legacy in an era where buyers want crossovers.  This is nothing more than an ILX replacement with a throwback name.  The Civic is the better buy all day, every day for anyone other than brand snobs.
This makes me want the new Civic Type R even more!
I'd rather turbo charge my old Integra 4DR GSR or buy a 8th gen Civic Si and supercharge that.
(~$46,280 in Canada as specced, $ in the US) How much in the US? :^)
Rebadged, overpriced honda civic Si. No thanks!  Same motor, but heavier... sorry Acura, this is a hard fail. This is just shameful to the integra philosphy.
Not bad. Its almost as good as a kia forte GT. And it only costs $10k more.
Its ugly
yea no thanks, that rev hang would drive me crazy, this car sucks
What a stupid car!
I honestly don’t think 11th is better than 10th gen. The only thing I hear is 11 gen clutch is better. In my opinion the will never be a better generation than the 8th overall
Whack
I’m kinda torn with the new integra. Especially after owning an ILX currently. But… i know they might be in the same class but the Audi n Mercedes aren’t going high mileage with hardly any mishaps that the Acura will. That’s Honda power.
Compared to how they butchered the NSX...this is impressive.
I wonder if they would go on and put the 2.0 from the Accord and badge it as a "Type-R"
$ 43000 for blacked out bland looking 1.5L honda civic ... No thanks !!! Another HUGE disappointment by the Acura/Honda team !!
If the Integra existed in a vacuum, it would be a winner. Unfortunately, it's nothing more than a high trim Civic Si. Honda purposely de-contented this gen Civic Si to try an justify the existence and price of the Integra.
Guys your missing the point this is a civic so for large people. Nothing more  Not every one is thin like the both of you. Take it as it is a civic so, for people that find the Civic, a little cramped.
So basically buy the SI and save money. Got it
Kids in 'Murica needed that water.
yikes overpriced af
A fancier Honda Civic. No, thank you. Waste of money and a wasted opportunity to bring back the Integra model. Toyota and Nissan are way ahead and have more promising returns on their lineups.
Please do review the ferrari portofino m
200 hp, what a joke lmfao
car looks cheap, boring, and ass slow for 40k...hard pass
Price is way too much, might as well wait for the type r
The  GR Corolla
the car looks and interior is good. it doesnt have the same character of older generation honda used to be. the engine powerband is different. thats probably the most main difference. i rather get this than the civic si. its price way too much. maybe thats because of inflation.. i knew the car didnt the nail for me.
the opening intro is about Acura is Legendary.
WOW. How'd Honda get this SOOOOO wrong? It looks like a gender confused accord, with the most slap-dash engine bay i have seen on a car in years.
I have a TSX and i wanted to trade up, was looking at this...and I'ma just keep my TSX. Funny the TSX has a better engine than this and its quicker ... Acura is definitely going backwards.
If you want the ultimate driving car in this platform then the Civic Type R is your ride. This car needed at least the Accord's 252 HP, 2.0 engine. As it is with the manual, the Europeans are a better choice at the over $40+K range.....Back in the day, there was a REAL difference in the additional hardware they put into the Civic platform to make it an Integra....This $43K Civic? PLEASE!!! Just buy the Civic Sí...
I like that new Honda Crosstour!!!
cool sedan 😎but for the price, engine should be way more powerful😃
They should have put the 2.0t in the Accord/type r or a j35 v6
This Integra is as ugly as a hat full of arseholes, take me back 1999.
4:54 "it wants to be punched" should punch the team who designed the horrible and annoying clutch pedal.
POS
this car is just sad tbh
I mean throttle house cmon ..when ever is about acura throttle house would really double down and get really picky. Look acura cars and brand are known to be reliable and conservative brands and they also have a brand loyalty and so forth. I have seen way expensive cars and their fit and finish is a joke and reliability is even more so. Acura might not be one of leading players but they sure make up quite a bit with lot changes to make the car and price attractive remember if this was badged audi people might have been able to pay even 10k on top of msrp but just because Acura is honda luxury decision doesn't mean they can really sell a car without making a buck on them. It's a business and if Acura is not your cup of tea then be it not you can shop for what you want being picky but don't banter Acura for coming up short they used to be one of the most successful brand which have got behind but are revamping their line up to again earn customer trust and money and only this confidence will enable them to make even more compelling products but not everything all at once they have to go through iterations and let them fail to be successful again!!!
Failed. $40k for a Honda Civic just cuz it says Acura on badge
I can’t understand how you can miss the mark so bad when bringing back a badge as iconic as Integra.  Also you guys forgot to put the USD value in the description. It’s just a lonely dollar sign without a number.
as a former RSX owner, the disappointment continues on, from when the concept was first unveiled to now with each review i see about this car. for the price that is being asked, i rather pay a little more and step up to a base turbo lexus IS!
So it barely beats out an older elantra n line and really doesnt beat the elantra N... Laughable
I used to own a Peugeot 308 GTI with 268BHP from a 1.6. And it was LIGHT, and manual, and with a torsen LSD and Michelin PSS's and huge rotors stock, and a hatchback with 5 seats and awesome buckets in the front - all from the factory.
On top of the price.  It will cost MORE to insure this car. In many cases. A person could literally spend 1000 dollars a month, or more,  just to keep this in your garage,  and never even start it up.
I felt the need... The need to puke!
What the hell Honda... Seriously you need to have like a old school training montage and get back to your roots... When did Hyundai start understanding cars better than you..  Your Honda?!?.. I have no idea what happened to you. Your not the company you once were at all.
I just can’t imagine spending $40k for this
Down sized and daily drive my old 2001 type-r to work. Saves gas and more importantly car payment free.
It’s nice, but it’s not what I would call a worthy successor to the Integra’s from the 90s.
Throttle House intros are absolutely top notch. You guys are way too clever and hilarious, please never change.
Lmao u guys are hilarious
Who the fudge is going to buy a manual Acura? Honda is higher than the ISS.
Honda's engineering is in a class of its own. Name a single car in the Civic Si's price range that's equally capable of making people want to drive a slow car.
Imagine spending 40 grand on a Civic  That's not a Type R.
Could they have made that Acura grill emblem any bigger?
You'd buy it as an affordable peppy turbo car that gets good mileage. Now it's an over priced sporty car that costs as much as more powerful dedicated sport cars, and leaves you lacking all around . No thanks.
Way overpriced civic. No thanks.
They should continu to call it ILX because it's a shame to call this Integra ! If only they put a another engine like the 2.0 of the Accord that will make difference between the Civic . Honda have loss it a long time ago.
With current gas prices, I am afraid to cross 2000 revs these days :)
HARD PASS
Jacob and Yuri look different here @thestraightpipes
Just buy a used RSX-S instead .
40k for a 200hp pig of a car that’s pretending to sports car hiding behind integra badge
I wonder how bad this integ is gonna fail ..
That intro 😂😂😂
I'm so disappointed with the design. integras are supposed to have a bold look.  In their defense it seems like every manufacturer has forgotten what a stylish car looks like. I was in the market for a car this year. Didn't need one. just wanted one, but every car on the market right now is horrendous looking. Guess I'll save my money until theses designers figure it out again.
"Oh oh okay! Okay.. yeah yeah"
You guys are flippin hilarious... : )
Would have been better if they called it something else. In reality it’s an upgraded ILX. But for $10k more than an 11th Gen si you get the name “Integra”
there exist ppl who will take this over the audi...
Wow! Such acrimony from a bunch of armchair quarterbacks that likely  haven’t driven the 2023 Integra and may not have ever seen it in the metal.   I ordered the Integra A-spec manual in Apex blue to serve as my daily driver. After seeing the car in person and driving it , I purchased the car. Ironically, it was the same price as a 2022 Civic Si with its ridiculous ADM. I live in Southern California .   You must not just look at the numbers. The horsepower is underrated. Hondata has confirmed that the baseline is 230 hp and 225 tq.  I have owned many more powerful cars. The Integra is a delight to drive  and experience.   Let’s give the Integra a fighting chance to succeed. If this negativity persists and sales slump, we will likely never see Type S or Type R variants.
Surprisingly; the Japanese disappointed this time. How are you going to bring back a legend and drop the ball?? At the price point; its a robbery like Game stop. Smh. NEXT!!!
Biggest difference in my opinion is the hatchback.
Had an 03 rsx type s that was lighter and quicker than this. I also paid 5k for it a few years ago when I bought it. Why would you pay this much for this when you could have the corolla gr with 300hp and awd for roughly the same price.
All together "this car is very well damped"  (everyone saying that together)
All the Integra does is bloat the Honda lineup. Removing options from the Si to accommodate this cash grab on a namesake is embarrassing for them. As a previous owner of an Integra (a real one), an RSX and the current owner of a Type R, I wouldn’t touch this car. So far as I’m concerned the Integra died with the last RSX…And let’s be honest. No one, and I mean NO ONE loved the Integra in its underpowered 4-door variant. The enthusiasm for this car was ALWAYS the 2 door GS-R and Type R. The way Honda puts the 4-door Integra on display to say “see, it was a 4 door back then too” is pathetic.   This car is a joke. This is not an Integra
Gtr vs is500 pls 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
It go ptuwtetppp..🤣🤣🤣💯
Feel like nissan did perfect in terms of styling with the new z. Pays homage to the old school yet looks fresh and thats why i love it. Because you know exactly what it is when you see it. When i heard of the integra i got goosebumps because i loved how the integra coupe looked. And seeing how well nissan did i was excited to see the nee integra. But this thing. Aint it.
please do a one the new Honda CR-V 2023
bring back the coupe
right car right manual wromg engine
Answer is NO. A 2013 G37x with 328hp is more luxurious with AWD! A 1998 Honda Prelude with 190hp is closer to this Acura's powertrain.  Where is the luxury?  It should have as much power as the last ACCORD V6?  276 hp?  It makes no sense.  Honda is just repackaged the same old crap.  Get a Civic & save $10k.
Man, if they made it a 2 door hatchback, perhaps based off the 10th gen coupe, then I think this design could actually look really nice. But instead, this 4-door just doesn't mesh well with the rear and hatch it has. I think larger, single door on a side would flow much nicer with a body like the 10th gen civic coupe.  I think I saw one on the highway the other day - but at the same time I literally couldn't tell if it was just a different Acura at all. It's not a great thing if someone can't tell it apart from another lineup :0 (I'm pretty sure it was an Integra, but I still can doubt myself lmao)
Hmm.. so the Mazda 2.5T is a better and nicer car. Honda/Acura messed up.
You have to have grey in your beard to have heard of the integra name. Not that the integra name really meant anything in the first place
This car is a joke, but what upsets more is the fact that its badged as an integra.  As someone who grew up owning da6 - dc2r. I think many might agree with me that back in the late 90s till mid 2000, 4 door db8 type R wasn't even popular here in NZ where we probably saw more than most countries in the western world. But this acura thing is just a plain disgrace to the integra line up.  Heck, I'll rather be seen in a hyudai than this.
I have a Acura TL 2003. It is really very fast
Terrible powertrain!  They bowed down to eco crap and opted for the tiny 1.5L engine w/Turbo+CVT instead of a fun, fast 2.4L or higher Naturally Aspirated engine+DCT.  Could you imagine if they just took the mature ILX powertrain and improved upon it for the Integra?  Still could have offered a fun manual too!!  What a missed opportunity. 😭
After seeing the 80's poster cars. Can we get the 87 GNX.?.
Don't give a damn what they say. That is not an Integra by a long shot. Four door Integra, give me a break-they never sold worth a sh*t. I don't want to stuff the wife and kids in my "sports" car. I had a 1990 GS hatchback that to this day wish I had never sold. What a complete let down and you could tell at the unveiling. Nobody and I mean nobody gave out a hoot or hollar when it rolled out onto the floor. https://youtu.be/K40wcyYGVUg?t=150
You could by A LOT more cars that are faster and nicer for much less than that boat. NO THANKS.
The clutch noise alone ruins this car
looks like a 16 year old kid plasti dipped the emblem and rims. take my money
Time to boycott dumbo decisions from these corporations
Just get the 2.0 Accord.
This will go away after a few years just like the first time around.  Hardly any merit over the Civic.
I WANT TO SEE THE TYPE R VERSION.
Also the base starts at 30k lol you dont have to get the top trim
I'm going integra over accord and so will alot of people.  40k is more than fair for an entry level luxury lol. If 40k i too much get the civic lol thats why they make two different vehicles
nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnope.
I went to the Acura dealer. I have a small benz A220, my lease is almost over. At Acura they said that the best they could do was $596 plus tax a month with $2000 down. I was like Dude this is a Honda Civic LOL..
A high performance Honda/Avura with only a 6400rpm redline?
Huge failure for the purists smh. It basically looks like a Honda Accord. HUGE failure 😐🤦🏽‍♂️
The base Genesis G70 2.0T is the same price (CAD) as the Elite A Spec. has awd, more power, more torque and looks better inside and out (imo). Acura/Lexus used to be the brand that offers value compared to their german competitors for less. They've become what they used to fight against. Genesis (and maybe Mazda?) have taken their place
I had a 1989 Integra. It was awesome. This is less than awesome...
junk
Wow, that's very disappointing.
“Compared to the civic it’s longer, it’s wider, its heavier,”   it’s shittier 😂
It looks great, but not for a $37,000 car. Chop the price by at least $10,000 and you have a great best seller. But it has four doors, it is slow and heavy, and you can only get the manual if you buy the most upgraded version of it? Not worth that much money. Maybe $25,000 but not for $37,000 USD! Great video though thanks guys!
Damn nice manual swap ilx
accord 2.0t way better tbh
Bmw 230i if you're ok with 2dr
“It’s a civic” yeah no crap it’s always been a civic y’all even said it y’all selves but you still cannot wrap your minds around it.
You had me at “the scum bags at Nestle”
These offerings from Honda somehow boosts the appeal of getting a 86 if the ultimate goal is a peppy compact with a manual transmission. Yeah you lose cabin space, but now there's a compelling choice to make between the 2 platforms.
(Coming from a massive Honda junkie) Let’s call this what it is an attempt at a cash grab. Honda SCREWED the pooch by not being ready for Nissan, Hyundai, and Toyota to have a performance renaissance. They are also afraid of challenging the Type R in any way shape or form this needed to have the Type R 2.0t or the Accord 2.0t. This will sink like the ILX did because it’s a stagnant point copy click paste. I’m going to be in the market to purchase a sports car/sport compact within the next year. Guess what isn’t making the list the Integra or the SI. I would rather buy an “ancient” S2000 or hold out for a GR Corolla or an 86. Honda needs a new Halo car that is accessible bad and it’s not going to happen.
I grew up in the era when 8000rpm was high revs.   That's not even 7k.    lol
This car is such a huge disappointment
I had a 94 integra back in the day and it was an absolute joy to drive. This thing just seems to underwhelm me unfortunately. It is coming in with worse performance than my '17 IS300 Fsport which in comparison to most cars in it's class is pretty damn slow. I would have loved to see them put at least a 2.0T in this platform. Hopefully the next revision will really bump up the performance aspect of this car.
Thomas and James for Top Gear Canada 😂
Lol 40k for this? Car won't sell, there are so many better options available around that price range.
tickle you? what finger motion was that? oh man you got me rolling!!
The car screams acura/honda but it doesn't scream integra. Car looks good in the teams of honda/acura, has all the amenities of today's technology but it doesn't fit the Integra badge sadly. I had the 01 GSR heavily modified and a Jackson supercharger was fun fun car and had the sporty look to it. This has your businessman look to it like majority of acuras. I understand they probably don't want to take away the  attention from the civic type r but for a car to honor and wear the integra badge should look more like a sports car. I don't doubt that this car will sell well in a certain clientele but the people that wanted the integra badge it won't appeal to.
Someone's gonna have to put one of these on lowering springs with a short ram intake before we can call them Integras..
this car is absolutely awful for the price, just come out and say it.
But the question is, will there be a Type-R that's coming out later?
Oh man that slap was kinky 🥴
I made a comment on Raiti's Rides when this was first unveiled saying this was a reskinned Si and they responded with "you must have not watched the video." Glad to see you guys agree. Doesn't mean it's not a nice car, just not worth the price hike. Feels like Acura are trying to make the money off of the Integra nameplate and the nostalgia more than anything unfortunately.
Just get the Honda Civic si
this is a step down from all the others in looks power all of It who in there right mind would buy this over the new z car? and u guys should not be giving this thing praise at all
Great video and advice, looks cool but I would spend my money elsewhere
My 2011 Infiniti m37x is a better car
This car is flat out missing balls, balls to be different. They missed one major proponent. You look at an integra from the late 90s you KNOW its an integra. You can't tell me it was even close to a single cam civic from the same gen, the interior was better, engine was much more live, the exterior was highly distinguishable from hondas other models. I look at this and I can barely tell it apart from any of acuras other vehicles. Kind of depressing actually.
Cheap looking car
Not enough car for the money .No Acura should have 1.5 liter no matter how much boost it isnt running considering they didnt even find an extra 10 Hp in the hamster or make its wheel spin easier . Thats the problem with a 1.5 making 200 hp without crazy tech or forged stuff , its at the peak of HP for a mass production motorcycle engine in a 3k lb p,us car . Its heavier and considering the price regardlese of the lip stick and length it should be faster even if only by a 10th . It should feel like a special SI in stock trim .   The BIGGEST THING it has is it actually nice looking for a Honda product . To be fair the Si is now bland which is way better then like a Type R that is kind of hideous if your not a teenager .   A 2.0t in Accord Sport with a diff would make it a proper Acura . Its a shame there isnt something in between the 1.5 and 2.0 like a 1.8 that could rev and make just an extra 25-30 HPs and Torques to feel special and up the price another 1k or whatever it would cost . I just cant spend that much money for a 1.5 in a luxury branded car no matter how good it is for a 1.5 which is to say its surprsingly good for a 1.5 but so what . Toyota can make a 3 cyl 1.6 make big power , tnis needs that 25 more ponies so you feel superior to baby brother .   With Hondas detuned 2.0 at least buyers could say when warrannty is off they can tune it a bit and upgrqde it making it more desireable .
basically 40k in US also smh not worth it
Get rid of CVT, put  8-speed Dual Clutch Transmission from ILX and we get WAY better car. It is bad decision on Acura part to release Integra that is slower than ILX
I've watched this twice now. I must really like this car, or I just like watching Thomas getting torchered. 😀
That's a big "nah" from me. The "Integra" is super lack luster! Should have dine a 2 door hatch! Higher power!
Love your reviews, but... "a big step up over a golf R??"  A golf R would be in the next time zonenbefore this hit 60.  Even a base gti would destroy this.  I agree that the SI is a fantastic "driving" car (just drove one) but for me personally it was just too slow.
You nailed the water demonstration!
Man, that intro is absolute comedy gold. and the 2nd intro with the water omg.... The scumbags at Nestle lmfao. I keep watching it. The 'acting' is sublime. The behavioural nuances are so well timed.
Honda need to put in they strong V6 keep the manual and make it RWD or AWD then it’ll be big time
This interior, frankly in terms of material quality and workmanship, is not much better than the one inside a top trim Mazda3 turbo.....  Worst of all, their MSRPs are practically identical if equipped at equivalent content level....except the  Integra is premium juice only, 20%/40% lower in max horsepower/torque and AWD isn't even an option.
It's just a civic I don't understand
Not an integra
Perhaps it's a nice car but it isn't an Integra. For the price jump over the Si they should have added 40hp, SH-AWD or both. I can't image what they'd price a Type-S or Type-R version but I'm guessing they would be severely outclassed by everything at similar cost as this seems to be.
Some say these cars RL egent
Just buy a used S3 and saves some money…
the RWD Genesis G70 smokes this for the same price
Looking back at the Integra Type R DC2, I just cant understand what this thing is supposed to be. It feels like Honda has shifted the category of their cars one step up. The 11th gen Civic is basically a Accord now and the Integra is.... well I dont know, something above the Integra...
Y’all are hilarious 😂
They should of bumped up the power to at least 230 hp to justify it being a more premium version of the si.
Wait wait wait. Doesn’t the ilx come with a k24? It’s got a dual clutch k24! So even that car has a more enjoyable power plant.
This will be a future….RARE car. Not because it’s limited production. Because it sucks and no one wants it. FOR THE MSRP OF AN STI OR CLOSE TO A GOLF R….no way in hell
Instead of taking inspiration from the Dc2 or the db8 aka same gen four door. It looks like they went off the first gen…the ugly And slow one…why why why
It’s a pointless waste of time and money. We already had the ilx. So you now can buy a luxury 10th gen civic and a luxury 11th gen civic. Oh boy. Well all we know for sure is…No one asked for this. What a waste of a sacred name.
They didn't sell that many 4dr Integras back then. The enthusiasts want a 2dr. Love the Integra but I don't think anyone in America is going to buy this thing because it's an Integra. Someone walking into the dealership that doesn't care it's an Integra might buy but with the other sedan offering from Acura this is a hard sell.
Still a rebadged ILX oh but wait, there's more. It includes a CVT transmission or manual but doesn't even offer the Type R engine as an option. Extremely disappointing..
I could never imagine spending over 40,000 for 200 hp...
Seeing these new cars makes me depressed they're all so boring now
it looks and sound good.  slow car fast :)
0:50 skip cringe segment, it's not like there are no more cringe moments after
Smaller TL?
This civic isnt integra
Day 34,281 of asking Throttle House to do a review of a Mini JCW R58/59 Coupe/Roadster
this is exactly what i was thinking about when i saw it, just a civic underneath all that "high brand" and its just expensive
a 40k honda prelude looking crap car??? rebadged as a integra....  not even a type R ....   inflation is really hitting us hard
i’m just gonna wait for the first quarter reports and talk my shit later 😭
Acura really missed it on this one. Mainly by calling it an Integra. As someone that owns 3 (98 5mt ls 2dr, 00 at ls 4dr and a 00 gsr 5mt 2dr) they really could have done better. Even the k powered rsx without the double wishbone front suspension was better. Hell even the tsx was good in sedan form with a mt. At this price point I will continue to daily my late 2000's cars and continue to enjoy my fun cars in the summer being an s2000 and a c6. At this price point I couldn't sell both the s2k and c6 and head to a dealer and buy one of these "Integra's". This car gets me about as excited as a Hyundai. ☹️ unfortunately if you want a newer integra with 4 doors you better keep looking for a mint tsx with a 6 speed manual transmission that isn't beat to hell. 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ honda/acura
You 2 are not funny at all....👎👎
They missed the mark.  I think it keeps with the tradition of what the car was but in today's market, for that price, it's just not enough.
acura is always like this, they compete with their own brand Honda all the friggin time. the civic si is a great car to begin with and with $10k more this car does not justify the difference. for $40k might as well buy the type R
As an Acura man, that shit is ugly!!! At 1st I was like I’m getting one, but after this video Nooooo Thanks!
Holy shit Best intro sequence yet 😂
Nice Civic bro
This has to be the biggest let down on design ever
An overpriced civic
Strongly believe this car is going to flop, pretty hard.
My coworker bought this car at launch. Got it delivered about two weeks ago and I got to ride in it a few times as well as drive it myself. It’s ok, nothing special honestly it does have a lot of bells and whistles which according to the comments were on the previous gen Civic which makes it a bummer, he paid so much. The car is beautiful and handles/drives pretty great. But a detuned 2.0 would’ve honestly made this car a must. Not your “luxury” si alternative.  Edit: Fingers crossed for that type S to deliver big time.
The Acura has the heads up display, magnetic dampers, sound system, and seats. Still hard to say if it worth 10k unless you wanted an automatic civic si. But I think the value is close. Because I think the acura looks way better than the civic
Michael Jackson Thriller 10:18
American here, barely any of us are interested in this abomination.
They lost on me on this with no  engine option and no AC Seats.  At least make it as nice as my 21 Accord Touring. Otherwise I’d trade for a hatchback and that same 2.0 in heartbeat. I know the Integras were always the sport side but even the old Genesis Coupes sold years ago had AC seats in this price range.
Historically the Integra has always been a "slightly" nicer optioned civic at a higher price.  Biggest bummer right now is that manual is only offered in the top trim.
Hey, its the funboys who think the N Line was better than a Type R.  LOL See you in 5 more years, clowns.
The car is a huge disappointment, even more than not bringing the jdm dc2 headlights to the US.  It is nice it has a manual and the lsd, but they completely missed the mark on attaining the spirit of the integra.
200 HP is nothing for a luxury sporty car in 2022…Honda needs to up their game.
Idk how this means loves to rev.
If you go price one of these out. You'll be very surprised how well you can equip it for around $40k. I think, I'd even say this Integra is a good deal. Conversely, if you build out the Type S it comes out to the same as a BMW M440i or M340i which are far superior cars. The Integra is definitely the choice over the Type S as if you're going to spend that much you can get a better car.
Pour water on Thomas and slap his face,you dirty bastard james 🤣
So same hp as my 2008 tsx 😂
I have zero interest in this car. I'm just here for the baseball helmet clank 😂
I personally don't see a refresh model or a next gen integra i don't care its a four door but my god there is no bang for a buck on this everyone should honestly just get the civic Si no point looking at this integra
I think I wouldn't compare to the SI I would compare to the sport touring
the siphon si
with this much money, just buy a type r or 400z
What a joke. $40.000 for a 1.5 4 cylinder engine! That is ridiculous!
I would like to meet the person who compares the Elantra N, Accord 2.0, Civic Si and....this...and ends up picking the Integra.  I'd have some pretty pointed questions...like...why?
Yes the Integras were dressed up civics but they had more performances wise not just suspension but engines and transmissions all integras had B series engines and transmissions yes the Si had a B16 but they barely beat B18 LS integras but the GSR B18C1 pulled the B16 Si but this integra is just so bland and I really doubt they will sell that many like the DA and DC integras but won’t even outsale the RSX
I've been a Honda fanboy since before I could drive. I own A Honda Fit, Element, Prelude, S2000, and NC700X at the moment. I LOVE Hondas. This monstrosity might be the car that finally gets me to convert to Toyota. I feel like over the last ten years, Honda has become boring. Their cars are getting boring to me. Why does the new Integra have the same amount of power as the old one even though it's a sedan and 20 years newer? It's hideous too. Idk, maybe I'm just getting older or something. I just feel like everything in Honda's current lineup is boring. I will always jump in my 5th generation Prelude and fall in love with the way it drives. I'll always do a double take as a walk away from it. Heck, I'll probably laugh with glee as my over 20 year old 260k mile Prelude gaps the new Integra 😂. But, I think Honda has lost its way. Or, maybe I'm the one whose changed. Who knows.
Not only that but when you think of an Acura Integra you automatically think and picture a coupe maybe if this was sold in coupe form they might redeem themselves but I doubt this will happen
And it doesn’t look or resemble an integra at all whatsoever
Not feeling the integra at all Honda has really let down the Honda enthusiast 😠
Looks like the rest of the acuras driving around rightnow
It's about 7 grand overpriced lmao
They killed the civic coupe than acura brings this back, i think this wouldve been better if it was a 2 door hatch, i personally never liked the 4 door integra's
What an absolute embarrassment, as the owner of 4 different DC2's I can positively tell you Senna is rolling over in his grave right now! 😫
Didn't think I'd enjoy seeing a soaking wet Thomas get slapped by James, but here we are. Again, please!
The Integra was cool and different. I remember girls with the cars, and they automatically were a point hotter for their ride. This is not really either to me, and the owner is more likely to be just considered loose with spending without actually looking at options. Pretty disappointed.
dc2 and ek civics were nothing alike... research much?
As the owner of a much loved 2001 Integra 6MT for 12 years and 224,000 miles, this new Integra is a stab in the heart. 😢
Crosstour
Acura has lost its touch with the consumer, like they have done in the past. History repeats itself
And regarding the "price-range" this A-Spec is going to have to compete with the upcoming Type-R too😟
You call that Integra small?
it would of been nice if they didn't simply take the ILX Headlights & Tail lights and just flipped them upside down and cropped the tail lights , enlarged the car a bit , and changed the badge and added 20K on the price tag 😶  Acura really was lazy on this one.
Trash
nothing about this car says Integra to me
Honda/Acura has not increased power from these "sporty" engines since I bought a Civic Si in 2006, and we're getting close to that being 20 years ago. 40k for a 200hp engine with crap torque is no longer worth it.
I feel like the new Acura Integra has that feel when they revealed the new NSX back then. it wasn't what it's predecessor was.
why would anyone get this over the civic type r?
Nothing really to do with the Integra but when you did the water test with Thomas, you gotta look into the people who own Fiji Water bc the Resnicks are also massive douchebags. There’s a podcast called The Dollop that did a good up to speed on them.
Hopefully everyone remembers there was different models of the integra. LS, GSR, and Type R. The LS was just a regular car back in the day.
When I heard "1.5l engine" I threw up
For $40k it should at least have the 2.0t
Not worth it
expensive with an engine that has no power....at least put the 2.0T in there and 7 speed or 8 speed DCT rather than a CVT for a sport sedan....oh boy...what is honda thinking ??? I rather buy either VW GTI or a used STI
As a jdm integra dc5 type R owner I can save you all the trouble of watching this video as they could of made it loke 10 seconds long with the following....its a Ugley non sports car that's heavy with a small shit engine and a massive waste of money or...... is a fucking piece of shite!!!
Who is this even for?
Only good integra is the type R version!
Great review as always! People seem to be forgetting that this is basically the new ILX, and it is a huuugge improvement over the outdated one from last gen.  It's also a much better value than the MB A-Class and BMW 2 Series, and about on par with the Audi A3. This class isn't made for enthusiasts, it's made for young people trying to buy into the slightly upscale/premium sedan category that's a step above Honda/VW/etc.  I expect it will sell at or near the top of its class, especially since the last gen sold so well despite being 2 generations behind the Civic.
1.5 t ?! Laughable.
Very nice ride.
I miss when Honda / Acura made cars that are fun to drive.
0:18 thomas bouncing off the rev limiter
Don’t waste your time unless you’re black. Their commercials totally focus on the black community and completely ignore all other communities. Talk about a racist commercial, if that’s the audience you’re gonna focus on Acura, good luck hitting your budget for the year.
Now for drag races we need this 2023I ntegra VS 2022 Honda Accord VS 2023 Camry and 2022 Toyota Corolla Cross VS 2023 Honda HR-V
Who is going to pay $37k for this ugly monstrosity?
For that price ill take a type R
I would never spend that for a 1.5 ever. Was hoping this was the price point for the Civic Type R fully kitted.
"Spicy price point" is an understatement. I know I might annoy some people by saying this - and I'd annoy them even more if they knew me, because I drone on about this a lot - but $40,000 (disregarding markups) is the price of a base *V8 pony car*. Or an open-diff Nissan Z. Now obviously, those cars are a lot more impractical and pure-sporty than the Integra here, but it's a taste the difference thing: 200 horsepower versus 400+. If you're into lively, informal performance - which would be the only reason to get an A-spec with the manual anyhow - you'd probably take 'twice the power' over a still-tight but 'full' rear bench and a more luxurious interior.   I was not that disappointed when Honda made the Integra into a five-door; That alone would not have disqualified it from possibly still being a cool proposition, nobody really is opposed to a 'better Civic' anyways. But for the price that the Integra currently commands, that 10-speed 2.0T drivetrain from the Accord with a manual as a no-cost-option is what I expect. Not the 1.5T and a lousy choice between a CVT and shelling out thousands more for a manual. Unless the Type-S delivers in astounding fashion and at a reasonable price point - which given the current price trends is not likely - I'd say Honda have just thrown away the name as a cash grab. And I am only saying this months after everybody else with this opinion, too.
Ill wait for the Integra Type S
B and K series were the way to go 😔
Why is this car so expensive!
Agreed 100% with this video. It's not a significant enough step up from Honda to Acura to me and considering that you are getting 0 difference in the driving dynamics, engine, etc. (until the Type S comes out), at $40k there is no way anyone should think this is worth it. Just buy an SI and upgrade the sound system, buy one in all black, and BAM! 2023 Acura Integra. Or just buy something actually worth 40 grand. You could literally go with any other Luxury brand and get more for the money than what you are getting here. And they'll be faster too.
This why you shouldn't revive JDM classics because they are too busy pleasing non car enthusiasts rather then actual enthusiasts...
Trash.
Not worth it.... a far cry from the 90s GSR!
This is the most honest review from a YouTube car reviewer as of yet. Most of these reviewers are too afraid to say anything bad about this vehicle for fear of being removed from the automaker benefits list.
Looks too much like an Audi A7....that's not a bad thing but why can't Acura design unique vehicles?
I mean tbh for that price you might as well get a Type R 10th gen Honda definitely messed this up bad and it’s sad because the teggy is such a great car
that engine looks like a mess
It is a Civic si power train with a sport touring interior and body style
It's a 4 door though. That's a no for me dogg.
It looks boring and doesn't look like an Integra.  Its nice but has the wrong name.  Ohhh a manual! Civics are for a younger age bracket i think.  This is much more mature.
Review starts at 2:16
1.5 liter ? in a car that big ? at 43,000 ? thats insane  cheap built car insane pricing  that 43,000 dollar price is crazy 1.5 and no turbo even if it was turbo that engine size is something u would put in a hatchback or a toyota yaris or something  beautiful desighn but there engina quality is just garbage  either cvt transmission  or the fact they put toy size engines (causes its cheaper for them) in big ass cars and charge u the price of a car with a big engine  i used to respect honda after 6 years of driving theere new civic models i will never ever buy a honda again just garbage built performance in decent body shell
These guys are legit awesome. Hysterical together. Bravo.
Nestle doesn’t own pure life anymore. Nestle waters was sold off to a private equity firm. Be careful you don’t get sued.
It's not even a reskinned Civic. It's a civic with a slightly different headlight/taillight package
Why buy this over the upcoming Honda Civic R type? Both about 40k.
Saw one in the flesh yesterday. Didn't really care for it.
1.5
Barbosa is a prick! 😂
I can’t justify the existence of this car, for what it is. At this price range, with the new Civic Type R coming out, it doesn’t really seem like a viable option. Underpowered, understated, heavy… every new Acura rides smoothly, so what exactly does the Integra have going for it?
I wish they offered the interior in black or charcoal colored leather.
8:59   I knew it! Those tail lights look exactly like the Genesis Coupe
Genesis G70 3.3t awd lowest trim $47,000 way better car...
The car is hideous…
So pretty much you would just be paying for the name coming back.
no
wouldnt be a problem if they named this car something else. i hope the integra R comes in 2 door that focuses more on performance with less creature comforts to save weight. oh almost forgot! i hope it also doesnt look like a hyundai!
Why buy this when u can get an Audi A4 with more horsepower, Quatro,  better handling, better features, I guess this one is more reliable...
That rev hang is appalling!
The base model Nissan Z Sport cost 40K and it still gets the 400HP engine, let that sink in for a minute…
DISAPPOINTING 😞 honda has lost its way.
Why can't they just put the 2.0 turbo from the accord in there :/
Yep, they went and got greedy.   The rev hang is unforgivable. With a single mass flywheel, why the heck should it have ANY rev hang?  Regarding the pricing, they are either trying to cash in on nostalgia or it is a way to lower the demand a little bit so that they can actually get enough parts to build them. (Thinking about Covid related supply chain issues.)  You guys were very kind to only compare this to a Hondas. (I’m not counting the brief mention of the Audi and Mercedes, which would kill the owner with cost of ownership)    If you had brought the WRX into the picture, it would’ve looked very bad indeed. A nicely equipped WRX for $36,000 US really would make this car look like a bad value.
Here in the US, this makes a ton of sense. If you want a CIVIC now, expect to pay $5k or more over MSRP. Acura dealers are doing close to MSRP deals. The biggest pick up is the hatchback. Adjustable dampers, heated seats/wheel and ELS stereo further help justify the price tag here in the US. Still think the CIVIC looks better inside and out.  All this said, test drove one and the car lacked soul to me. I'd rather have a GLI OR GTI.
Acura really has a hard time competing new; but, an excellent choice in the used market.  I've purchased 3 used Acuras for with under 30,000 miles, 20%-30% off MSRP with the standard warranty available and all still ride/perform/handle like new. (08 RDX +195,000 miles, 11 MDX Adv+Ent +153,000 miles, 18 RLX Sport Hybrid +22,000 miles).  I can see the Integra being an excellent used car choice as a 3 year lease return with the 15,000-20,000 miles still left on its standard 50,000 mile factory warranty.
$45,040 CAD including freight, PDI and fees (in Qc). To be fair, the only real comparison isn’t with the SI, it’s with the civic hatchback Sport Touring manual, which prices in at $37k. But you get 180hp.   The comparison with the SI omits the fact that the SI isn’t a hatch.   The other reality that you guys glossed over is that silly giant lip in the trunk. People that get hatches want practicality. They have dogs. No dog is comfortabley jumping in this hatch.   Overall, pretty poor product planning for Acura and a half usable hatch for everyday applications such as dog ownership. Now the only sensible option left for a usable hatch is a gti but their interior is so bad, I’m left contemplating a cuv! :(
09:45 Pause and double-pause 🤨📸
I know that conventional modern automotive wisdom says there's no money to be made in FWD coupes these days, but I think that the Integra could have been the exception.  Reviving a name plate that was an icon 20 years ago, they have a demographic of enthusiasts who would jump all over it if they get it right - many enthusiasts in the 30-40 age group had the last generation of Integra in their teens and early 20s, with many of them becoming automotive enthusiasts through those cars and are now at the point in their life where they are prime candidates for new car purchases.  The old cars were primarily light-weight coupes built on the Civic platform, but given more powerful engines - this is just a reskinned Civic SI with a few extra goodies.  Offer this thing as a coupe with the 2.0T from the Accord and it would be golden and I guarantee it would sell because while the auto industry as a whole is moving away from cars like that it's also a fact that nostalgia-fueled products aimed at people in their 30s and 40s tend to sell extremely well, even at inflated prices.
more like a reversing to forward clutch drop burnout. this car is trash
The people at acura need to be let go. They should have made a few more upgrades to the integra,  to separate it from the Si.  It should have shared the 2.0T engine with the accord matched with. The 6 speed manual transmission, I'm really sick of these clowns over here in Acura of America.  They are destroying the golden age of what the integra stood for and was remembered by. As a true small sports car. This thing looks good. But i feel like they wasted a good looking shell.. and slapped a weak engine in it. It lacks the performance in its class. And it will be a failure in sales..  glad I'm not working over at Acuras dealers when they try to push this thing out the door. Haha what an embarrassing product.
I don't understand who they made this for.
I appreciate the review. I really like my new Integra. Looks and feels better than the 2022 civic Touring I traded in.
If this is the 40,000 dollar question the answer is “no”.
Rather get a stinger.  Bigger car, 2.5L and 100 more hp, rear wheel drive OR AWD.  And looks better and almost the same price lol
Hyundai is cooler than Honda now, who's the moron that let this happen??
Could have made a market killing hot hatch with this. Toyota is going to kill with the Corolla GR.
Man it's ugly. Too bad it couldn't have been a totally new car with a little look of the classic Integra.
Clutch sounds like a Logitech G923 😂
I'll be curious how Acura improves the Integra after a couple model years, that is if it makes it.
Another all time favorite from honda/Acura… ruined, again
The mention of the genesis coupe. Man I wish hyundai would do something like that again
What an absolute piece of crp
Why is James taller in that intro. 😑
Biggest failure of honda history. Took advantage of honda fans to exploit old Honda fans
I love Panasonic Automotive
It’s so… so ugly.
I’d rather a year old 5.0 mustang for that price.
Acura tends to get lazy at times. Idk why but they always seem to half ass cars. The early 2000s was a good time for Acura. They messed up the type S too
I doubt that is that cars exhaust note
Butchered the return of the Integra and they wanna charge 40k for it? That’s rich, literally had one job and they royally messed that up, not a single essence of Integra is embodied in this new car, and before anyone says “iTs nOt 1999 aNyMoRE” look at the CRZ and NSX both those cars contains DNA from their predecessors. Apart from the name itself, this has no Integra in it whatsoever and it is VERY disappointing to say the least.
Well I think they priced it inACURAte!
Damn what a let down this car is
That’s not a integra jajajaja por PCs of 🤬🤬🤬🤬
I would rather get a civic type r...
Imagine 21 years later after the last integra was built , they come back with 200hp 🤣 with a lawn mower 1.5 in a heavy ass tank , they really dropped the ball on this one
You guys sound like Integra apologists. Let's be honest. Honda totally missed the mark with this rebirth. They didn't do the NSX it's justice either.
Man they screwed it up
They should have left the car in the past
saving my money for the type R civic
Literally just a dolled up Civic. For the money I’d buy an IS.
under WHAT circumstances do you think 40 grand is cheap? That's a ridiculous price for a slow af car that will be gapped by cars we cant even think of. You might wanna do your reviews right
Are you guys planning on making a review of the Cadillac CT4-V Blackwing?
Acura does not cease to amaze in how ugly they can make each new iteration.
Not even 3 minutes in and  decided to subscribe 😂
Just shows you how good Honda is lately
Disappointed Absolutely and Not happy at all for the insane, “BS” and crap of price and style NOP I WILL NOT BUY IT AT ALL 200hp almost like Honda Si NOP SO SAD ILL RUTHER PAY 💰 A NEW “NISSAN Z” has a big engine and power 💥 💪🏼🔥400hp V6 twin turbocharged and almost to the price range 👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼  Goodbye HONDA AND ACURA 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
Might I suggest a Honda sport touring mt. Flashed for 215 HP. You won't have the LSD but you will have 10k in your pockets.
Anyone else notice that the boys were listening the the SiriusXM CHILL station? Nothing like a little mellow house music when evaluating the new Civic Si… I mean Integra A-Spec.
Poor sales of the nsx, I wouldn’t be surprised they ax this one as well…
All these old sporty cars comeback. So is the prelude and the 240sx gonna make a comeback too?
Junk.
No well in hell would I spend that kind of money on one of these. For a small 4dr it looks great but that's all it has going for it in my opinion.
i like accord better than this
$40k AND feed it expensive gas AND it's slower than my Model 3 Performance? (7.2s vs 3.1s) Nope, LOL.
Thanks Acura… I hate it.
still cant get over the 4 doors bit for this name
I remember when when Honda's were light sporty and fun.
This car is dead on arrival
You can get a AWD Stinger GT wth the 3.3TT for less then this car by almost 5k--way overpriced for a 4 banger--it is also 11k more then my Kona N which i considr a better vehicle---btw JD power gives the Kona better reliability then this and hyundai is in the top 5 now--so that sales point is mute since tech and car companies at least with hyundai have greatly improved reliability.i would say 10k of that is in unneeded leather and electronic goodies that many do not even want.
Haha that si joke was ruthless Figi is better then most waters check the ph
Over priced civic SI with TLX styling... And they call it an integra 🤣
I love how James is just a bully this episode
This does not look like an Integra at all, needs higher end suspension, shorter wheelbase, flatter straight hood/ doors/ front, and back ends(like the old integra), almost like the new civic, or even 2019 civic. One of the last civics was supposed to be the Integra, cause the design Acura went with looks like nothing, it looks like crap. So why did the civic get a redesign after 1 year?(that new 2022 one was supposed to be the Integra. Acura screwed up.
Is that the most boring looking car of the decade?
6:14 Thomas: [Steering] it's well weighted, and very ACURA-te. Who's laughing now, James?
why the unnecessary dig at Honda making Acuras out of Hondas? thats what Toyota does with Lexus, Nissan does with Infinity, Mercedez does with Maybach...  then in the same video you guys say it looks too much like an ILX, a more expensive car. where's the problem with this "upscale Civic" that looks like an ILX?
Everyone gets this wrong by comparing the Integra to the Civic Si, and while that makes sense from a buyer's perspective, the really interesting comparison is with the TLX (and outgoing ILX, the departed RLX, and the interiors of really every Acura, actually). Yes, the Integra doesn't exceed expectations beyond the stereo and maybe seats, but compared to other Acuras, it paints a very promising story for the brand (Keep in mind, the TLX just debuted as all new in 2021, but many of these features are shared with MDX and RDX as well): Gauges: TLX: Analogue and plastic, w/ a dinky outdated screen in the middle Integra: Full digital Performance Modes: TLX: Giant washing machine knob in the center of the dashboard taking up prime real estate with something you rarely use. Integra: Nice, compact, mechanical toggle lever on the console to the left of the shift lever, plus "Individual" mode button. Infotainment: TLX: Strange track pad on the console and no touch screen. Have fun using Apple Car Play and Android Auto with that. Integra: Modern touch screen with physical volume knob and HVAC control knobs. Shifter: TLX: Strange puzzle of push-pull buttons and levers in the center stack right below washing machine performance modes knob. Integra: A manual. In 2022! And a good one at that! In something with more than 2 doors! Even the CVT has a physical shift lever. Curb Weight: TLX:  3,709 - 4,221 Lbs. Those numbers are enough to make a Hellcat blush! Integra: 3,073 - 3,150 Lbs. A 5-door family car for under 3,200 Lbs!  I think the Integra looks great, way better than the unibrow Civic now does. However, the main argument is price. I'd rather go for a CT4, with RWD and 237 HP/258 tq. starting under $34K, or step up to a CT4-V, with 325 HP/380 tq. for just under $46K.
man I got 2009 IS250 rwd model for a quarter of the price of an integra and it’s nearly the same damn car in terms of performance 😂 definitely doesn’t have all the newest creature comforts but it still has suede leather seats and a bang & olufsen sound system with a 8in sub which is all stock, all power everything. With only 112xxxkm’s on it too
That does not ... I mean when I look at that I just don't think "Integra" ijs
Lol
grew up loving and driving hondas , im so glad i was from the old dc2r era , but due to Honda/Acura recent cars , i went BMW m cars , Honda/Acura just sucks now
Give it a week some feller will build one to the nut and shove it in a 1990 civic hatchback
The day I spend 40K on a compact car that has a 1.5 L four-cylinder engine is the day I check myself into a mental hospital
Brand new? I’d go Benz A Class, or wait for a new Accord, or current generation TLX. The Integra should’ve launched with a Type R version for $40K USD, none of that A Spec jazz.
No coupe?
Considering what the integra name represented, this is a MASSIVE FAIL!
There is the Golf R then the Audi RS3 SportBack they both still sell well both be on sale for years now this be the same thing but they could have offered a Acura Integra2 door 4 seater coupe hatch with 6 speed stick  to complete with a Toyota GR86
very disappointing,  just a rebadged civic , no thx 👎👎👎👎
James in so excited to announce that he is in fact, James.
40k? I’ll just buy a fully loaded mustang GT with 460hp and call it a day.
so far everyone at Acura in the Research and Development are all a sleep, Acura cars are boring, design is boring except for the NSX which is going out of production.  The Acura TL S-type has the power not as much, could have MORE but seems ok.  Design totally boring and not exciting.  Acura please get a new design team.. we need a refresh on design for all Acura nameplates
$40K Acura integra, rhater get a civic SI, or a Accord 2.0 turbo for the money.  I hate companies that want to revive a name plate just for marketing..
Nawh, looks better black than yellow. In yellow it looks so goddamn ugly
Can’t believe the 90’ prelude in my garage is made by the same company as this. Shameful
Can't wait to throw this motor in my 93 integra in 2025 lol
No.
Honda making uglier cars year by year.
40k with a CVT tranny no luxury brand should  have a CTV
wheres the nissan z vid
Honda makes great cars but their recipe for their luxury brand is ridiculous. The Honda Accord is a better car than the TLX and the Civic is a better car than the Integra. At least they brought the Type S badge back.
Don't forget the Integra is a hatchback and the Si is only sedan right now.  That's worth something.  I admit the badge snob appeal works on me.
I’m surprised y’all didn’t mention about the previous gen (ILX) having an 8 speed DCT and how this current gen went to a lame CVT!
Easy better power and drive train
I think the black looks clean
Honestly it looks like a really nice car just not what I would've imagined a new Integra to look like. I'm sure it will make alot of people happy though
James needs to Iron his shirt.
Great episode guys, laughed out loud!
I bought my first GSR back in 92 for well below 18K out the door at norm reeves Honda IN cerrritos CA and now after many years they are out of their F**KING mind. asking 40K for a rebadged Civic
DCT Transmission / AWD / 306 HP Upgrade/ and adjust head room in the back seat area and……..then we’ll go to the dealership and buy Integra!
Who makes the decisions at these car companies. I mean to have so much heritage just to make a better civic. That should've been the civic. Like nobody's fooling anyone I think if they put a regular joe blow in charge of shit like this we might get a product people actually want
For that price it should have awd and the type R motor.
Lmao I’ll TL you
I'm Thomas, and I'm a traffic cone jumping through London.
Guy in comments from savagegeese's video had this to say: "I imagine they will sell dozens of these"
I have a 2020 ILX and went in for an oil change. I saw a 2023 Teggy and was looking at it and was blown away to see the engine and HP was the same and was 45k for the display they had. It sure looked nice but it was damn about 20k more than my car....didn't seem worth it
Yuck 🤮 nothing beats the raw old jdm cars
ACURA has never been worth the extra money, on all their models..
NOT WORTH $10,000 more.  Would you rather have a Accord mid level, or a Civic SI ?
That grill is... um.... yeah...
Racy sub Econobox with insignificant motor
40k for the 200bhp Integra or the 400bhp new Nissan Z? Like that's even a choice.   Massive fail, Integra.
The Intergra should be a Civic Si with Type R upgrades less the engine.
The clutch sounds mechanical like they all were once apon a wonderful time
Its definitely got a very specific clientele that's for sure.
Might as well review a civic 😓
Conclusion: This has been a problem with Acura since the release of the RSX. Why buy the Acura when Honda is damn near identical to it. If Acura is claiming to be the Sport/Racing division of the 2 then this should’ve been scrapped and made into a coupe or 2 dr hatch. Base model No Turbo 2.0L, 200hp, 7k redline. Mid tier Turbo 2.2L, 275hp,  8.5k redline. Type S Turbo 2.4L, 400hp, 9.5k redline, with upgraded internals and weight reduction. This will not be a family car.
it’s a honda. it’s valuable as HELL and if you buy one you’re doing your future self a favorite just take care of it and change the oil
thats what ive been saying from the beginning, the rear end looks exactly like the genesis coupe
Yeah, I wouldn't be interested in this even if it was cheaper cuz of that lethargic 1.5t. If it had the type r or even accord sport engine it would probably be decent. How is this supposed to compete with the GTI or golf R?
It's clear why we don't get a Civic Si 5-door - The Acura Integra.  This is one of the downsides of having premium sub-brands because the manufacturers start withholding features to preserve them for their upmarket offerings.
$43k is like Bmw 330i , Audi A4 , C300 money
I'm going to politely ask yall again.  Will you go drive a Forte GT manual?  You can come down to my neighborhood and drive mine.
Trash and hopefully 🪦 after one year
Even as someone who loves acura, it'd be nearly impossible to convince me to buy this over the civic si. Logistically it just makes more sense to get the si
If the sticker really shows 40 grand for that, damm good luck acura. Start firing the people!
Lol everyone knows nestle water is horrible 😭😭😭
I have a Genesis coupe.  My tail lights are better XD
What a shame. I had a feeling this is what the Integra would be: a rebadged, fully equipped Si. The car looks somewhat boring and too reminiscent of an ILX. It's fair that Acura would want to keep the design language with the rest of the lineup but the Integra not exciting to look at; all the differences (while nice) are subtle and the Integra doesn't stand out enough unless you know what to look for. The power plant is also just a copy-paste from the Si with additional nice-to-haves that do make the drive more fun, yet still leave a lot to be desired. With the Civic Type R right around the corner, I'm left to wonder if the Integra Type S will differentiate itself enough to consider the latter over the prior.  Overall, in my opinion, the new Integra tries to lure you in with more features and better handling but fails to evoke the original's character and reputation with its off-the-shelf engine and uninspiring look. Perhaps this was originally an ILX before being rebranded. Unless you *REALLY* want those extra luxury features + sound system, limited-slip differential, and adaptive dampers, you're better off buying the Civic Si and spending the rest on modifications.
Acura has never made compelling new cars since the early 2000s. Used on the other hand they are on the money.
200hp for 40k=Fail. This is an Accord. Call IT!
The Justin Trudeau Integra edition.
this should have been an ILX. I sure as heck wouldn't care about what it is and would say it's a good car. But it's not an integra, and calling it an integra is a flat out lie. It doesn't even resemble an RSX
I’ve never minded reskinned Honda’s as Acura’s…you generally get a better interior and more features…but in today’s day and age, you need more than reskinning to compete with the likes of Lexus, Audi, BMW, and MB.  The Integra should’ve been AWD by now, especially considering how big it’s gotten.
The manual should have been the base standard transmission and they should have added the 8 speed DCT from the ILX as the auto option. Then this would have been a much better proposition imo. Making the cvt the base option and the manual only available in the higher trims feels completely backwards
If you are in the market for an Auto, would this be worth over a Civic Auto?
And I’m James! For $43k I’ll look elsewhere - great review as always!
James should replace freddy in the new top gear.
A car I would never buy.
The back reminds me of a Mercedes
Not sure why anyone would pick this up over an Si.
take away the name plates and nobody would see an Integra.. completely disappointing Acura in every aspect. The integra didn't share powertrains and had a unique look.. This is just copy and paste artistry and engineering
Honda ruined this abomination by calling this an Integra.
Amazing intro
It doesn't look horrible while it also doesn't look good. And for those reasons, I'm out.
*2023 Acura TLX Review
I owned a 95 Integra hatch until 2009. I loved that car. If Acura would build a brand new 95, I'd buy one.
any company offering a sporty car that hides the manual behind the premium package while offering a  garbage base transmission (looking at you mazda, acura) has no credibility in my book. you can get a GTI for less money that will eat this thing alive, and comes with an LSD and proper transmissions. offering a cvt in an integra as the primary transmission choice is unacceptable.
There's absolutely no reason why Acura didn't put their 2 liter turbo in this thing....
Soooooo boring. Honda are my favourite but they really dropped the ball here!
NICE HONDA CIVC SI WITH HEATED SEATS AND BETTER STEREO
I still don't know why they made it a 4 door. What hole in the Acura line was this supposed to fill. They now have 3 sedans all very similar.
Feel Acura is trying to cash in what we're hyped up to see come back but they're failing to see what the Integra really was and why we loved it so much.  I just see the Integra being a flop like the newer NSX.  Acura is completely out of touch of what these 2 cars were in 90's and why they are near and dear to our hearts.
I think Acura did this cause maybe they going to have a type S or maybe a type R... Type R would be an awesome idea. More horsepower for sure....
For sure is not the 40K answer.
This car is sad.
I dont think that anyone that grew up with the Integra is going to give this car a test drive let alone $45k. The Civic Type R looks like a Trapper Keeper there are better options in this price category but that's always been the case with Acura just save some money and get a better luxury car or spend less and get a better sports car. Acura is smack dab in the middle of boring.
The new Integra sucks lol
How bout the top speed ? is it limited to 208 kmh as well?
This sad car just shows why Acura is going bankrupt.
Finally. Someone else called Nestle scumbags...
Just wait until Acura puts the civic type R engine in this
Interior is lame. Especially the infotainment system sucks
I must be a boomer to say f*ck this thing and bring back the 8k revving Integra Type R!
It’s a boat
Acura really confuses me…I thought Asians were smart. They are. So it must be non Asians deciding to put a 6-spd instead of a dct in the top trim Acura in 2022 🤦‍♂️#ElantraN #GenisisG70 2.0TManual
Hear is th cheap channel. Channel name. Cheap contents nd more..
I think the civic is boring on the outside , this looks better but is overpriced
Hated the reveal, learned to be okay with it on the second showing, then the price was revealed and am once again completely turned away
Review the new Z!
My issues with both cars is the horrid touch screen, that looks tacked on from some sort of aftermarket catalog vender.
Absolutely love you guys! The humor is outstanding.  One of my favorite channels.
Just get a pre-owned Lexus IS350, you will get a much more reliable, well built and thrilling driving machine. This Integra just a money grab from Acura. Acura never made anything good in the last 20 years. The last decent Acura were the RSX in 2006.
Honda/Acura has gotten lazy. I love the older version civic and integra, well designed and manufactured. Just not captivating.
Thomas: It's not tickling me James: That's good, its not a family member at thanksgiving.  😂
What cvt is sporting?
Looks decent in black but I still think they shouldn't have used the Integra name
Holy shit the rev hang on this car is INSANE
I would contend the beginning is this only slightly off point. The Integra and the Civic were never the same. In Japan it was a Honda Integra and a Honda Civic, different drive trains and suspensions. Similar cars with lots of interchangeable parts but not the same. The rest of the review is pretty much right on. I wish Acura put more effort into making the reboot of the Integra more than the Civic.
It's just a hard sale for $37k, if they boosted the power to 230+ it would be more appealing.
Not handsome
I easily have the coolest Integra. It's a 10th generation Civic Si coupe.
I will choose VW GTI over Integra easily or VW Arteon for same money.
Dang Acura don’t do so well inside and engine wise .. They should of stepped it up with a 2.4l  or something or a v6 Turbo in the teggy .. but they put a 1.5L not kool at all acura.. what happen to Performance cars not just luxury cars..  that sux
200hp lmao
Best and first honest review I’ve seen for this new Integra great job guys
Not worth the slight change for the 40K+ vs Honda CIVIC Si / Touriung.  I think  the new Integra fell bit short from what we expected from Acura.
I will stick with my 2002 RSX, This is an ugly 4 door civic and looks like every modern pile of bubble looking trash on the road.
american car companies (ford, gm, stallantis) can NOT build reliable quality gas cars. why would you hope it will change with EVS ? they will have less components but the few items the cars does have will be VERY expensive and hard to work on in addition to many screens/computers. THE HUMMER AND FORD ARE ALREADY BEING RECALLED wait for Cadillac GM  to join the THREE STOOGES OF AMERICAN POOR QUALITY AND RELIABILITY
That interior looks so cheap for $10k extra.  Even a Versa, Civic, Forte, Cruz and Corolla have better looking interiors for their price range. Nobody can justify paying $40k for that interior. A civic has more value for what you’re getting.
Acura needs pull their head out of their ass and give us what we really want as car enthusiasts…a Type S Coupe w/ a six-speed manual.  With a TLX Type S not being too much more $ or the Civic Si being cheaper, why would you buy this?
I work at Honda and own an 18 si coupe. I wish they had put a 2.0t in the integra it would’ve been a way better option then the 1.5t. Off topic but I hate the 11th gen si it looks ugly and we have gotten the same power each year from the si and don’t get me started on the reveal of the type r
Acura has been fudging up recently,  they need to switch to all wheel drive and make some fun 6 cylinder vehicles. Acura fuged up on the launch of this too saying the integra was gonna be an ode to the old integra. The launch was so underwhelming
my accord euro has more hp lmao
Not worth the price tag. This is a slap in the face. 200hp ain’t nothing.
Harsh review.
That clutch thoughhh.😫😖💩
Great review, my thing is this: what other car can I get high end tech features like HUD and wireless car play AND have a manual transmission, for under $40k US? I don't think that car is out there except maybe the Golf but even that doesn't have the HUD I don't think.
ive driven both SI and integra not impressed if i had to spend 40k it be on type R
I can't be the only one who thinks that Thomas getting a Fiji shower should have been the intro.
To be more ACcURAte, James, Acuras are just hondas, You could play an ACCORDian in a TLX, you can PILOT a MDX,hell, The HONDA NSX, is an ACURA they are the same besides the luxurious upgrades, so F**k it James, wait, MY NAME IS JAMES !!!!!!!!
Cvt and impressed just don't go in the same sentence no matter how you look at it
I’m sure it’s already been commented, but James sure did perform that intro with vigor!
@throttlehouse do they require premium fuel? Like typical acura fashion?  And does the Si in comparison?
Paid schills. Go GO Toyota GR Corolla!  Buy a 06 DC5 and leave this Integra at the dealer.
if you're going to spend that much money on a manual sports car, then just go all the way and buy an M2. there is no way i'd spend 40k on a car with that joke of an engine.
The view outta the back is just terrible. Hp is a lot lower than I was expecting like damn atleast your mpgs is good.I like almost everything about this car wouldn't own one tho
“ $43,000.. that feels and sounds cheap” …
Enjoyed the review as always. Could you guys do more vs comparisons. Especially lexus vs acura. We just gotta know who's the boss 😅
Acura is the European Honda in many cases.  Acura does not exist in Europe.
I love your review but I feel like you need to add the civic hatchback sport touring to the mix as it bring the hatch, the good sound system and the leather seat. It got less power but it’s less a thing as the integra have smoother suspension too. With the very good Si and the hatch sport touring, the Integra is very niched and not an interesting upgrade! It needs a 240+ horse engine to be considered as an option in that category!
The Civic looks better. 👍
Nice
One of the best segments in your videos now is the "Will Harrison fit?" part. lol
love it
I did not expect any waterboarding, but here we are!
They killed any chance this thing had by not offering a coupe and giving it a cvt. Better luck next time.
I'm not going to pretend that I some guru on design, but I was blessed with ...eyesight.  What a massive disappointment. Did they see the original one?  It was supposed to entice young people and it looks like grandma decided to downsize when she traded her old TL. Fire, fire the project manager. That person should design milk cartons.
I understand the logic of getting the Canadian spec Si over this, but in the US you're sacrificing a lot to go Si instead of Integra. Additionally, if anyone has actually managed to get their hands on a US spec Si for MSRP, you need to go buy some lotto tickets immediately because you might be the luckiest person in the country. The Integra and WRX seem to be about the only car I am coming across in the midwest that are selling at MSRP (you'll need a pre-order for either). If the world wasn't total madness right now, there are definitely better values to be had, but given current availability and asinine pricing on most of the competition, the Integra isn't a bad option.
It has 4 doors.... why can't we have a proper sports car like in the old days that doesn't look like a mushed crossover? Like when they had 2 doors and a wing and it was like cool?
The civic si has me considering things.  The integra...its just not enough of a difference (to the Csi) to warrant the cost
This is just a glorious FAIL. No other way to put it. They didn't even bother to put a 2.0 liter.  Talk about being cheap and overpriced.  Nobody buying this shit.
Report scammer below 👇👇
I can't understand what Honda is thinking with Acura.   Toyota blew them out of the water with Lexus right from the start.  Build cars that are premium and different from your house brand.  And Honda learned nothing.     Don't throw out a bunch of gussied up civics and acords and call them premium.  It's a joke.   Why they still throw money at this failed experiment is a mystery.
Horrible waste of water guys. I know you were trying to be funny but it did not work.
Lol 40k for 200hp. U can buy a brand new Scat pack or Mustang GT for that much money. Oh and a used C6 zo6 or used C7. Need I say more?….
Toyota and Honda have switched places.. Toyota is the one making high strung corner carving machines when now Honda is making bland, forgettable, overweight commuter cars.
I'll say it a million times more..."this ain't no integra" it's not worthy of the name. Acura's lazy ass attempt at resurrecting a name. 2 thumbs down.
Sad. There is no heritage in this car.
Looks nothing like the old integra should’ve did 4 halo lights or something be different
Nice video. Please make acura watch this hahah
Review the Lyriq already!
quite possibly the funniest intro you guys have done. keep it up!!
So just twin turbo it and it'll be super fun. Internals? Don't worry about it
It looks like a ILX with a better rear end. The car don't turn heads
My opinion Kia Stinger GT-Line in the USA be  better value option than Acura Integra!
Hell yea. Fuck Nestle!
Purchasing semi-sporty cars from Honda/Acura within 4 hours of my location in NJ was challenging to say the least. In the end, I had a choice of a 2022 Civic Si with a $2,500 markup and cut down USA features, a 2023 Integra A-Spec Tech 6MT with no markup, all the features, a super useful hatch, a stellar stereo, better styling, and free oil changes for two years, and a 2022 TLX Type-S with a $3,000 markup, a decently higher car payment, yet with 355HP turbo, SH-AWD, better brakes, yet it’s 500 lbs too heavy, it gets much worse gas mileage, and it’s saddled with an lazy, early upshifting transmission, and of course no hatchback utility. That’s a no brainer, I acquired the new Intergra for all the reasons above and for better investment in and better residual trade in values out, vs what I was offered anyway. If I keep the new Integra for any length of time I feel that basic and bolt-on upgrades would easily make the car a bit more spicy and special. Then there is the upcoming GR Corolla, the Integra Type-S, and then there is the TLX Type-S still, for which I hope they cut off some weight and make the transmission logic a bit more sporty. So while YouTube reviewers and Integra haters can say a Civic Si is the better purchase, or go GR86, or whatever else, you actually have to find that car at MSRP first. And the Civic Si does not even have heated seats for Pete’s sake. Or a god-tier ELS 3D stereo. I may not keep my new Integra forever, I do have $500 down on a GR Corolla for whenever my turns pops up to purchase. And the Integra Type-S might just be wizard, and I still want some of the TLX Type-S’s extra luxury features. However, I am happy to date the new Integra for a while. At least until the car market sorts itself out a bit more.
One or probably the only one channel that I come for the intro and skip the rest of the video only to realize that I skip the actual content and come back again to finish it
Acura should make most If not all their models with awd that would make it all worth it.
It’s incredibly ugly and miles away from the heritage of what made the last integra so good!  This monstrosity is destined for Uber and grocery getting 🤮
Audi s3 money
Very entertaining!
IS this quieter than the CIVIC SI?
kind of shitty that the front end looks just like my friends rdx. I'll keep my 2001 teggy as this one carries the name but looks nothing like it used to whatsoever
Overpriced 😒
Out done yourselves on this one. Scumbag…lol
Just buy a Hyundai
you know this car is dope by the sheer number of haters is attracts, Good Job Acura 👏 I plan on buying this in a few years once they refine it 💙
What is the point of bringing back the Integra the TL is already the Integra replacement you just build on the TL and make it better
Why in the world would buy this Heavy Honda over a GLI 🤦‍♂️  Volkswagen GLI Every day all day  #Volkswagen
It is not a integra… it’s a friggin saloon that does not scream Acura integra…like what the integra was. Cool video but for the car. Nah.
Won't be long before this car gets cancelled before no one is gonna buy it
What's upsetting about this car is back in the day you could get entry level sports cars like the dc2 and rsx for cheap. They weren't the fastest Carson the road but they had tons of character and you got what payed for. This is low power. Lacks character, and is still expensive. We need sports cars that are like sub 20k if they are gonna have these specs
Way over priced, more these days then before. Just a glamorized civic.
That thing is way to slow for the price!!!! OMG they Fuc'ed up Bad, They ruined the Integra Name! it's really a 25K car! No way should that car cost 40K when the New Z costs that much. Basically.. The WRX is 40K And the GR Corolla will be better than all of them at the same price accept for the Z and the WRX... That new Toyota GR Hot Hatch Corolla Looks great and comes with AWD too 300 HP too.. It's a Tuner car too which I love.. But the only problem is , I am going to wait at least 2 years to see what it's really all all about and just how much power you can make with them, Because if they can get them up over 400/500 HP I am all in on one.. The only thing I am worried about is how that 3 cylinder is going to hold up.....
Two minutes in and I'm 😂😂😂
You guys are LEGENDs. Was that joke made already in the comments?
The platform is comically underpowered at this point. It’s not 1999 anymore, but Honda doesn’t seem to get that. A 15 second quarter mile doesn’t cut it for a modern “sports” car or really any new car.
My first car was a 1994 Intega, I think they missed the mark here, for that price it should be an Accord 2.0T engine (it doesn't have to be a Type R motor, put the detuned with balance shafts one from the Accord) keep the LSD and Manual and you have a winner for that price.
Need all wheel drive 🤦‍♂️
Wait what manual. Dose it compare to a 2014 awd manual TL ?
Tbh corolla and civic should not be more than 15k$. I mean what is in it? Whereas camry and accord should not be more than 22k$. Both toyota and Honda are ripping off the customers.
This thing looks “meh”   Definitely looks like an ILX.  Try harder Acura
Not worth it, it's a civic...
I'd get it if it had the 2.0T from the Accord/Type R
Get a civic SI and save money, throw I'm an aftermarket sound system and your good. This ilx tlx baby underpowered 4 door junk isn't worth the price tag at all I'll go buy a type R Integra with that price tag for a clean GSR , do some mods and have alot of fun.
Just came to my mind there was never a type S Integra why make that? Make a type R Integra!!!!!!!
How Acura should’ve done it:  Integra LS: 1.5L 200 hp, 8-spd automatic, $32K  Integra GS: 1.5L 210 hp, 8-spd auto or 6-spd manual, retuned exhaust, adaptive suspension, slightly stiffer swaybars and bushings, optional LSD: $34K  Integra GS-R: 2.0L 252 hp, 6-spd manual only, upgraded brakes, standard LSD, sport exhaust system, upgraded sport suspension and chassis bracing: $38K
That's no Integra,  I had a 96 LS , that was an amazing fun machine, this is not. Seems heavy and underpowered imo, acura should have had a 2 door option all enthusiasts would have wanted a 2 door not some 4 door hatch Integra,  or rebadged tlx ilx, cars not that great looking either. If acura gave this car in a 2 door coupe maybe the 2.0 turbo the accord has, I bet it'd sell better but that's my opinion.
HONDA CIVIC IS  BETTER THAN  ACURA INTEGRA
Weak
who would even buy this?!?!  I'm not saying it's a bad car, but 3 years old and half the price sounds far more reasonable.
This is basically *The 1.6EL argument* of the late 90s....  then the enthusiast would say 'integra LS' for similar money.  This must be the only time Honda didn't learn anything over 30yrs.
“And we’ve got Pure-Life from the scumbag’s at Nestle”.  -I’ve never loved a statement so much. This made my day 😆
A fun rev limiter? I’ll tell you what’s fun, a DC2 Integra. This is a pig.
Wow. That is one ugly pos. Honda is really losing their way. I don't see Honda being around in 10 years. The old Integra was bullet proof, light, nimble, stylish. This is a pig on wheels. What do you expect from a Company that build the Iconic Acura NSX then followed it up with Acura NSX 2 that no one wants and is selling for cheaper then the original today. The Management at Honda, are CRAPPOLA. Looks like the Idiots took over the company around 2008.
This car is meant to be marketed to people who dont know that the civic Si exists
So basically… Acura messed up.  They should’ve made it a coupe, shortened the wheelbase, rear seat delete to focus more on trunk space, and stiffened the chassis and internal bits some more.  Drop the price point $5k< across the board and compare yourself to the Miata.  Oh, but Honda bailed on coupes this gen.  Well that decision is already biting them 🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️
It's an overpriced 10th gen
It needed to be a 2-door and I will not back down from that take. This car, in this form, has no need to exist.  And everybody dumping in the ILX, but there was a bigger difference between that car and its contemporary Civic than this car and the current Civic.
I think its value will probably really shine with a Type S variant as they tend to have comfort + performance upgrades just below Type R (+Performance - Comfort).
It's nice and all but at this price I'd rather take the new Nissan 400Z. But I'm a lifelong Nissan fanatic so there's that
This is nice, but nothing really wow me. I rather get the older 2nd gen Integra over this one any day.
Why in the world does this thing have a 1.5 liter in it
2017 Honda Accord EX-L V6 Manual Coupe is what I wished they aimed for.  to be realistic it would be a 2 door coupe  6mt turbo 4 along side a boring 4 door cvt.
Honestly, hate it. They dropped the ball on this car
This Integra is almost perfect. But they could have done two things to make it perfect: give it the good DCT they ALREADY HAD, or keep the price of the top-trim tame. They decided to do the opposite on both accounts.
That intro absolutely killed me   🤣😂😭
Nice civic
a more expensive honda civic si
There’s nothing exciting at all about it. It’s ashamed Acura used the Integra name to boost sales. They should of called this the new ILX
400 z or this rebadged civic?  For 40k
I'd rather get the Civic Type R for $40,000.
200 hp in a $40,000 car - WTF?
When they said Integra, I always thought of DC2 and DC5
200 horsepower, my 1997 Maxima had that
not at all worth the money. Honda/Acura need to go back to the drawing board already. my TLX Tech v6 with SHAWD cost $42K new. this slow boat of a compact is $43k with a cheap interior, shit audio and a weak engine? lol, Acura is so non competitive it's sad.
Every episode gets better lol the jokes keep going
Guys can y'all please do an Integra Type R video! Would love to watch it🤩
You can get an Elantra N for this price... 😂
It's not cool lol. It's a bus . It should've been named something else if Acura was going to make some boring looking non sporty car.
It definitely doesn't live up to the Integra nameplate.
How much just to get red seats !!!!!!
Acura screwed up the assignment
boy did I laugh so hard on the intro 🤣
What a fail...... horrible car. As a integra enthusiast i am highly disappointed in this new car. It will be discontinued soon and that's a good thing. ... no market for this 4 door turd 💩👎
I think a lot of people were expecting the debut to be what the Type S will eventually be and its skewed a lot of the perception of this car.
"The scumbags at Nestle" Yes. I endorse this description.
Just optioned a Civic SI with all the top options and it is still just shy of $31K USD.
The ilx rug pull! Lmao at this joke of an "integra"
Earlier versions of the Integra shared almost no interior components with the donor Civic. Switchgear and design was mostly unique in the Acura. I think this is one of the biggest fails with the new design. The exterior is fine, if a bit too Acura-ish up front. But pull up a picture of the Civic interior and place it next to the Integra. Steering wheel, HVAC, screens, even the USB connector layout is identical. The designers did different seats, door panels, and the transmission/cup-holder layout. The bulk of it is the Civic, and it shows. The ELS audio and minor other changes aren’t worth the $10k difference.
40K should have a 300hp V6.  WTF Honda?
1:32 "the scumbags at Nestle"  Everytime I watch this channel, I find more and more reasons why I like these guys so damn much. The folks over at r/FuckNestle would appreciate this.  Keep being awesome Throttle House!
$40K for a Civic with a different badge.  Why?
think y’all were too harsh—— a Civic hatch Sport Touring in a tux= A GOOD THING; notable— great interior color choices (ivory available in usa but not canada); cvt tuned vs. civic (7 “steps); kept comparing to Civic Si— which is 6MT only!!! C’mon guys SMH
It's based on the Si. Do you know it's based on the Si? It's based on the Si, did you know? You don't say...  It's a sportback, better looking than Si, and don't let your clutch out too fast if you don't want to hear a "thump".  The comparison is to Audi A3/BMW 3/MB CLA-with the Integra you can get a 6MT (huge difference), you get better reliability, cheaper upkeep.
looks like another Acura TL, no one is really going to eye or buy the thing.
I don’t understand why people dislike the Integra so much, but love the Civic. They’re the same car. They’ve always been the same car. Just as the days of old (the 90s) with the Civic and the Integra, you didn’t really notice a difference until the introduction of the Integra Type R. There was a literal 10hp difference between the Civic SI and the Integra GSR. Point being, if you like the Integra and Acura name, get an Integra. If you want to save a couple bucks get a SI.
$37k huh. If this was RwD i buy it, for a fwd sporty fun its just not worth it with cara like the miata and Brz being sold, U have to step it up honda this shit aint cutting it
Fiji water is lighter on the hair and smells better.
Looks like the new civic… boring…
If they wanted to put out a heavy sport luxury car they could have remade the legend. Or go full luxury with a rl remake
This review makes sense when comparing the Civic Si Canadian spec. In the US, the SI is not as nicely spec for the same/similar price..
This isn’t going to sell, they’ll blame the “integra” name for the reason that it didn’t sell, and take it away after a couple years. Shameful. They should have always bring cars back and alway do them dirty by never improving.
Makes no sense. They could have just improved the usdm acura rsx or jdm honda integra (jdm rsx).    This model should have been a retro return of the Acura legend or rl. People miss the legend and rl
Happy they offer it in 6MT, but such a forgettable car to me. No interest.
No way I'm paying $43g for something that feels civic-y and only has 200 hp. Still a sexy little car tho
“Barbosa’s a PRICK!” Have a like, gentlemen.
lol integra
Nothing fun or inspiring about a heavy 200 hp TO THE CRANK car. It's a plush slug.
The issue I have with this car in Canada is the mazda3 turbo exists and is cheaper by 5000.
it's all in your head Thomas James you're the man on that one
Ok, so I know the internet got mad tha the integra wasnt a 2 door coupe like in the past.......  lets forget about that for a minute, understanding the actual necesities of the market and what they want to achieve.... This just plain sucks. it's like they got stuck in the middle, the didnt go back to a sporty coupe and they didnt do anything new aside from reskinning a Civic?  Looks are bland too... lol
Please do a review on a 07-10 Acura CSX Type-S. Basically nobody has ever reviewed it, as the CSX is Canada-exclusive, thus making the Type-S variant ever rarer. Perfect car for the best Canadian car review channel to showcase!   Keep up the good work guys, you're truly making fellow Canadians proud.
Still sad we dont get it in Germany/Europe
Manual Integra or GTI se?
Why would you spend 43k on an Integra when you can spend 40k on a used Type R?
If this was a coupe. The reviews would be RAVING.
Thb... Honda lost its soul when I start using turbo. Pure NA V-tec is what mades Honda great
Overpriced BS
The new Integra sucks.. Acura destroyed the Integra Legacy with an ILX rebrand to get more sales.
I RDX'd you to get your Acura puns ready for the episode lol.
I have a 2019 ilx aspec looks just like the integra
This thing is so ugly
I'm looking to replace my '20 Honda Civic HB Sport w 6spd manual. Which for the price is a fantastic car. We use it as our "run around town,  airport and occasional trip to the Blue Ridge car" and it is great. Since I prefer hatchbacks I only have a few options. I've driven both the '22 Honda Civic HB Sport Touring with 6spd and this same Integra as well as the '22 GTi. All great, except for the GTi's interface. Honestly, I'm leaning towards the '22 Honda Civic,  though the color options suck and it'll be a '23 by the time I get it. The Integra is great, but it's not "enough great" over the Honda Civic HB Sport Touring to justify the cost delta.
In short not worth the money 💰 Honda Civic si is better for cheaper
Owner of a 6 speed accord 2.0T, not disappointed. Can be a performance or economical car depending how you feel.
I cannot get over how this is the same MSRP of the Honda Civic Type R of the last gen. Or the MSRP of a base STI. And more money than an Elantra or Veloster N.
Why are you guys dancing around the fact that this thing is a stylistic complete and utter and total disaster?
I can’t believe Acura did this …
The woman who designed this failed the world and should find new work.
Congratulations to Honda on a perfect and unscathed record of making only the world's ugliest vehicles for the last 25 years.
That clutch pedal seems REALLY annoying but it's clear Acura REALLY needs to bring back the Type-R
Did he say the GOLF R is a year and a half away ?
Love watching you guys. Yinz should have your Own TV show
This or Z at $40k?
"Dirty little bastard" 🤣
I said the same thing about it resembling the genesis coupe from the rear!! When the car was revealed, I literally had to go outside and take a look at my Gen coupe and compare it side-by-side. Lol.
Just when I thought the skit was over lol
This should be equipped with an Accord powertrain. A 2.0l Turbo with 10speed Acura Integra at CA$45000 That's should happened.
So Punny it jurts
That water ‘taste test’ gag was great! Nice one guys.
Damn these guys came across as haters
Lol nah bro why’s the clutch sound like backfires
Americans as always with much better Japanese cars than those on Europe or even in Japan...
“For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life. (John 3:16) The bible says the wages of sin is death. Man has broken Gods moral law and has gotten the death penalty. However due to Gods mercy Jesus lived a perfect life and died on the cross for our sins to make us right with God. “Go and sin no more”-Jesus. trust in what Jesus did for you…because He loves you.
“Honda Plus”   This is why Lexus, and more recently Hyundai / Genesis, and IMO coming up, Mazda, are leap frogging Acura into premium territory.   Acuras are nicer-ish Hondas.  Sad because Acura has the tools in their arsenal to improve the situation …. make SHAWD and cogged transmissions standard, at least 50hp more in base trims with more hp available in higher trims, and make a true sport package available in all trims with MT, LSD, summer tires, and the electronic suspension.
Currently both the Civic SI and the Integra are overpriced new (and used), at least in my area.  There's a dealership asking just shy of 37k for a used 2022 Civic SI with almost 2k miles.  If you find a dealer with the Integra in stock you get the "call for price".  I'm guessing the price is close to 45K USD out the door give or take a G.  Appreciate the honestly review
Acura makes nice vehicles but it feels like a cheaper luxery company
This car fucking sucks. Good job Honda.
Priced way too high 🤣
Should’ve made it a 2 door even if it wouldn’t have sold as well
Probably my favorite car guys
I’ll keep my FK8 way more fun and power for $40k
Throttle House, will you marry me? I love you.
Paying extra for the manual is a no go if you want an automatic entry level luxury car the base model is a good price for those people other than that just get an si or Elantra N line
Acura is going to add the 2.0 in a year and charge 50 grand for this thing, aren't they?
It costs the same as the Civic Si and is better. So it's really a no brainer if you're looking for one of those. Test drove one of these and it actually felt quick. Stilling waiting for a type s though
Failed. Honda is losing to kia and hyundai. 200hp with a manual? Who the hell drive a manual commute sedan?
The water test 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
i died when you said pure life from the scumbags at nestle
Useless car.
this makes me want to watch the Elantra N again...BRB
I miss my 2002 Acura Intengra. Shit was pristine condition, engine swapped n all 😵‍💫 can’t believe they’re bringing it back!!
Sooooo....for 10k more. Just buy a type r.
so much bla bla bla this is replacing the best handling fwd sports car of all time. measuring it with any other stick is a waste of time. cool seats(red) or nice radio is an insult.
People will pay ridiculous money for a badge. It makes them feel better, and makes me laugh.
The only thing this vehicle has going for it is the Integra nameplate otherwise save your money
how much is Acura paying for all these reviews ? should have left it an ilx this is a mis step in every way.
No thanks, I'll Pass.  The design  looks hideous  to begin with...no. no. no
Im thomas 😎 And Im James 😄
That tachometer digital design looks like it’d be dated quickly.
Can you guys please do a compilation video on extra TH of “our sound man Harrison who is 6’6” getting into ill-sized rear seats?
Integra…… Four Door ….. lol. Call it a csx
Coming from a 10th gen si owner acura should of just put the engine from the 2.0T Accord or the Type R for the price instead of the 1.5T engine because it isn’t that good, and the internals are weak also the transmission isnt able to handle 300+ hp reliably and the modding potential isn’t there
is Honda protecting the upcoming Type R Civic with this thing? Like no upgraded power or anything
Not gonna lie at all, I genuinely like this design
Sunday morning coffee and Throttlehouse, it is always a good morning
FINALLY THE HINDA PUNS ARE BACK! I LOVE IT ! ID SAY YESS2000 TO THESE ALL DAY
yo, this car fucking sucks lmao
As an owner of a 2022 Civic SI I don't think I would pay an extra 10,000 for a slight upgrade in luxury.
Why would you buy this over the upcoming civic type R?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_OlX7M5MLA     Lies in the Textbooks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WN31FCcUlLk      The Dangers of Evolution
Not impressed at all, really feel like they dropped the ball with this. Should have been a modern revise not a civic si copy cat with some heated seats.
You guys are ‘Legends’ the way you present with such ‘Vigor’
A lot of complaints about a car that ppl who claim to be in the know... don't know crap about.   Stop comparing this to a type r civic.  This is not in the same market class as a honda accord,  tlx, a4, m3 and all the other crap yall are doing.   This car is the first iteration and will be improved upon.   It is not an ILX  it's an Integra no matter how much yall nostalgic fanboys wanna complain about it.   The name will not change.  The 96-00 Integra is dated and for the love of whoever you believe in...coupes do not sell anymore,  thank yourselves for swinging the market that way with this cross over/suv fad.
A dct tranny does not offer the gas mileage of a cvt.
This is by far the worst comeback of any older JDM car name ever. How do we go from the DC2 and DC5 two of the best FWD cars ever made to that ugly barge.
Not saying the Integra is a better value than the Si but I think it's a bit unfair to just say you are only getting some nicer seats and sound system in the top spec Integra for $10k cad extra. You are also getting head up display, adaptive dampers, liftback design, better warranty, and a few more minor features.   I think what hurts the Integra the most in terms of value is that the 6mt is only available on the top trim. People end up not talking about $34k cad base integra that's actually only just $2k more than the civic sport hatchback.
I have the Integra 6MT on order and it's for MSRP with NO markup. No other Honda locally is without markup. I looked into an Accord 1.5t Sport (not Sport Touring) and the best deal I could get was $37k because of dealer markups. That's a 28k car marked up to $37k. The Integra is better for $400 more. That's a good deal.
Too expensive, not worth that extra money
It’s too much like a civic in the interior. You can clearly tell they took parts off a civic
Pointless car.
This car is a total insult to the Legendary Integra name
The water bit was hilarious 😂.
lets all come back to reality and stop giving credit to this car. The Integra is a failure and a piece of shit. You would have to be a complete idiot to buy this car when there are weapons like Type R or the Elantra N. Lets move on.
This car needed more power to actually complete with other entry luxury cars. The accord 2.0t engine would fit just fine, and would make it at least a mid 5 second car to keep it competitive, and actually give incentive to buyers to not get an expensive si
Since you mentioned the Type S, I assume that when that comes out no is going to option for any trim less. Turning the Acura Integra into a one trim car
You wana know a anemic motor the 07 mustang 4.0
As big as a Honda guy I am, no thanks, 40k I'll get the 400z base.
It looks pretty descent🤔👌🏻. DEFINITELY NOT as cool as the OG Integra though.
For $40,000. People will take lives for that money. That cars not worth that😭
Do you know how many 2 door cars Honda makes in North America right now? Zero. Do you know how many SUVs they make right now? 4 soon to be 5. That tells you everything you need to know about who is running that company. Soichiro Honda would be embarrassed.   This Integra should have been a sleek 2 door sports car like the DC2, but the accountants don't think 2 doors will sell. Why the 2 door DC2 you ask? Well, the 2 door DC2 is quite simply the only Integra that EVER mattered. It made the name. When I say Michael Jordan you think about the basketball player, not Michael Jordan the plumber. When I say Integra you see DC2 coupe, not the 4 door liftback.  It would have been a hit just like the new Nissan Z will be a hit, but Honda screwed it up. Anyone who likes this car cannot call themselves a Honda enthusiast. It is as bad as when Mitsubishi made the Eclipse name into an SUV.
Absolutely pathetic for this nameplate…   Close to $40k US…? Gimme a break…
1:32 YEAH FUCK NESTLE
Not worth the money or the Integra name.
I thought the integra was made by Nissan?
Am I the only one that loved that nestle comment? Haha legendary
TLDR get the Civic Si
This is getting a lot of views quick I love to see it !
Too much money ask no question there. The 2.0t would have changes everything in that review and a 2.0t shawd would have made me move to the dealer and put a deposit. Honda misses the boat again! I'm a big fan, I've ride red a big part of my life 2x civic Si 2x accord multiple atv's but this is a joke! I've already switch to a Can am Outty xxc 1000r as an off road toy.  And they better bring a really good CRV sport on the table or they will miss me a second time on the pavement.  Oh and one last thing, stop making cvt Honda, let that to generic corolla crap.  Sorry TH guy's great review and a nice car with the wrong engine and the wrong price.
Just wait a year and get a 2024 accord touring it’ll be way better than this thing
If there’s no big  difference in the modes for the dampers then why care if you have them🤷🏾‍♂️…just get the Si
I see a lot of price difference comments unfortunately Honda dealers are marking the SI 10k above msrp while Acura dealers are selling the A spec at msrp so same price for more Si with the A Spec…I got an allocation 8 weeks for an A Spec for 37k.
Vigor was an Acura name that everyone forgot about!
This should’ve gotten like sh-awd or something to offset it. Or maybe came from the civic coupe
The fact that you have to have a CVT until the top trim is bullshit. This is a Civic Si Touring....
Definitely looks way better!!!
The Integra is an utter disappointment.
I just like the LSD. something a Camry TRD doesn’t have.
Who wants to spend 40 grand on a super slow car? There are a lot better options with more power in that price range.
Shameless use of a nostalgic badge
Im not deep into Cars but i have an Acura tsx and that's exactly how i feel about the engine. It wants to rev and be driven like without a leash
This is a waste of money, maybe would’ve been better off if it had the 2.0T
Acura only exists to take away features from the Honda Civic. It serves no real purpose, there's no excitement, nothing.
I don't like the design, looks like a damn ILX...they should've thought that design over.
Answer = HELL NO
Shhh 🤫 James next you’re going to tell them about the mhi or type r turbo on the accord or even about PRL.
The new is so doomed, poor management strategy on the packaging between Honda and Acura for the Americans
i owned a gold one back in the 90s...absolutely loved it...the looks the drive...this thing aint that
I thought I liked the Intergra but after actually seeing one in person, it is very muted. I think the Kona N is the most practical race car.
if i wouldn't pay $33k for an underpowered and underwhelming SI, I certainly wouldn't pay $40k for a rebranded SI. honda is nuts.
Not even a real question, you cant Buy an SI or Integra most days.
Lol that shit is garbage. Boring and 10 year design lag
That opening really struck an accord with me.
this is just failure 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
This stands no chance against the $29k gr86 💀
too late
Someone fill me in on the Nestlé thing?
It’s sexy af I dunno what people are complaining about, the 2022 Honda Civic is ugly and I rather get this! I’m actually very happy with my 2017 Honda Civic and moving up to this would be perfect 👍
The accord 2.0 drivetrain would have made this car amazing bit as it stands it’s just a slower slightly better looking Si
I think this new integra is a joke and nowhere near makes sense to call it one.
Test the civic SI or the Integra against the Kia forte gt mk 2 and it's just over half the price at 26k
Fake integra
U do not know the integra.  This integra is ju.junk
Completely subjective, but I find the Civic to be the much better looking car.
Are you promoting Fiji water by dissing Nestle water? Poor taste on the pommies part. Could have just promoted the Fiji water with more tact.
I dont know why their compariosons of the same the cars are different then Americans car generalist.
The extra $9k more than the Si still NOT worth it in the States. I could see an extra $4k at most ($30k). But for $35k USD get a Jetta GLI or Elanatra N or Subaru WRX. Acura dropped the ball for the price point.
As a 2023 Acura Integra owner I would say that having the car for the past 3 weeks have been great! I absolutely love this car, a manual, and it’s blacked out. The lift back is so practical for me, but it is an overpriced “luxury” civic si. I tried to get one before getting this vehicle but the upcharges dealers do is ridiculous! I give this vehicle a 8.5/10.
Dumb ass jokes in the beginning are a waste of time!!! ;-/
That’s some nasty rev hang
😅 these two are fun to watch
Would’ve been better if they did it as a coupe since there is No longer a coupe si.
that intro conversation was weird
The problem with this car is its 40 grand and I only get about 200hp. Id just buy a Type R.
i like the pun, not the car
They ruined the Acura Integra.. That car is boo boo 👎💩
I’m sensing a Rock Paper Scissors game before the water pouring shot..  right Thomas?
46k as specced? lmao what a joke, who the fuck is paying that much for that
I’m waiting for Honda to re-release the Acura Legend… 🤞🏾
Its a nice car but not for the price unfortunately because this puts you basically in tlx pricing which in my opinion is a better buy with its larger engine and 10 speed automatic. 40k is steep for a car that has a cvt, but I will say this it is a sharp looking car from an exterior stand point.
In 2017 you could buy a brand new scat pack with 485hp for around $40,000 (just checked and the scat pack with a manual starts at like $46K but good luck finding one)
Made my day running into James in traffic, nice Miata
Acura : the diss
Looks like a 4 door q60
In the US, the manual trim mslp is $35,800, the same as a base BMW 230i. Either the BMW is underpriced ( it isn't) or Acura is absurdly overpriced.
One can always count on *t h e  i n t e r n e t* to find people complaining😒  Sure, the value proposition is NOT there and it doesn't match the enthusiast wet-dream of the vocal majority. But it's not an SUV, has an available manual trans, and will inevitably end up being modified and cared for by people that love cars.
Imho. This is a disapointment. Get a SI instead.
Black is not a good color to show the details of a car's shape.
Once again Honda not giving us what we want. This should've been equivalent to the Integra GSR back in the day which offered more power than the civic si. Extra $10k for a heavier slower car with a few bit of extras??? Soo disappointing.
The comparison between Civic to Integra is same as Volkswagen Touareg, Audi Q7, Porsche Cayenne, Lamborghini Urus, and Bentley Bentayga which all share the same exact chassis.
I love you guys in all but, I'm just going to skip this video and I only usually give a Dislike on any electric car video I see. However I think that thing Honda is trying to label a Integra is probably the laziest and lamest thing I've ever seen them do. I'm going to have to give you guy's a dislike on this video sorry😢😢☹️👎👎👎!
Can you also actually show the car from a normal standing POV. Most people  aren't 3ft tall or walk around on their hands and knees.
the car looks good I gotta give it that. But, calling it an Integra is a joke. They could’ve called it the CSX or ILX, but yet they bashed the Integra name sadly
It's not the image of my Integra. If I name it, Quint Integra Honda.
So seeing a lot of talk about this versus the Civic Si versus the Accord. I'll throw in another ringer: the Insight. Obviously slower and less enthusiast oriented but is more upscale than the Civic and gets great mileage for Si money, not Accord or Integra money.
I like when Thomas is on his meds
Wow…. What a disappointment
the fact that the ILX has a 2.4L 8spd DCT and they downgraded to a CVT doesnt make sense
It so annoys me that anyone would waste their hard earned money on this car.  Honda has some nerve and the sad thing is, they will end up pulling the wool over a lot of peoples eyes.  You could neesely could get a Kia Stinger GT for this kind of money.  Every person considering buying this car by law should be required to watch this video.
The CVT is a deal killer !!!!!! Should have been a DCT atleast…. Should be a 22k car because of that fail … I hate that everyone is dumping them into their cars 🤢🤢🤢🤢
Let me start of by saying congrats on another amazing review Thomas and James. honestly @acura you should tuck your tail in between your legs and slap yourself across the face for such a monstrosity! gauges are the same, power is the same, car is slower even though you knew it was going to be heavier due to the tech. 80% of the dash is exactly the same as the SI , a/c vents , A/C knobs, center console controls AND you gave it a CVT in the automatic variant?! I don't know whether to laugh, cry or vomit!  Price is higher, for what exactly? adaptive suspension that Thomas said barely makes a difference? Honestly for such a legendary brand with such history as for the NSX, Legend, RSX, This is not only half-ass but its embarrassing and pathetic! The disappointment is mind blowing! I rather get a accord for less cost that's automatic with a 2.0T and blow the doors of your so called "redesigned" sports car.
Let’s be honest the new integra is a not so hot Honda product I’d rather the out going ILX Aspec which i think it’s design language is better looking
The back, especially the tail lights are a copy of Genesis's Coupe from years back.
I hope Acura gets a BIG FAT slap in the face with this "INTEGRA" 😒
At least it's not....an Eclipse *throws up*... I'm glad you guys were honest about the Integra!
Best review of the Integra on YouTube. I test drove it and for the money, it just didn’t do enough.  This car in the top trim is worth 30k, and certainly not the 41k my dealer was asking. I took my reservation deposit back and over to BMW.  I’ll pay 50k for a 3 series with xDrive before I pay that kind of money for an Integra.
Now if Acura can bring back the legend, then I would at least raise a eyebrow.
This car is such a letdown.  My first car was a 5 speed Integra and it was so much fun.  This car is slower than the new Civic Si and my 8th gen that’s 16 years old.  It looks like a rebadged ILX that needs to lose some weight.  Rear seats are useless if you want to have adults in the back.  The Elantra N is cheaper if you opt for the manual (which I certainly would).  The Accord engine would’ve been perfect for this to give it some value and be a potential upgrade for me.  I have a feeling the Type R will be more of the same.  300ish HP, but slower than the Civic version and less refined than other cars that are cheaper.  They certainly have a lot of work to do.
I fear the day into the future where cars are so bland and ugly that we look back at this with the same fondness we, today, look at the OG Integra.
Generic, overpriced & underpowered. Great job
Imagine spending 40k on a 1.5L Civic 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
If they offer a Type R Integra that is put on a diet, has two doors, and a manual transmission, then I will consider it. Otherwise, they can keep their goofy four door contraption.
looks like you gotta let the car roll back a bit to use the inertia for burnout help.
I like how he called out Nestle for being scumbags :)
I agree, it's not distinctive enough to warrant the price increase from this Acura badge. It would have been a lot better with a stronger engine.
Meh the original 1998 1.8 liter Integra GSR was $18,000 out the door this thing is overpriced and ugly.
Honda really should have used the 2.0 turbo out of the Accord - it was already all set up for the manual even.  Had to have been a coin toss decision by Honda product mgmnt and the little 1.5 won...
Please do the 2022 Mercedes C class
Damn, Integra was my first new car...was hoping for more. A 1.8 would have been better.
I'll keep my 2020 ss 1le I bought for $44,000 grand.
I love you guys so much all your videos make me laugh
That's a Honda.. Hah ha ha.. top top intro. Nice good car 🚗.
This car is a last ditch effort, by Honda/Acura, to ring another $10k out of the Integra name and I hope they don't sue these guys for their legitimate review. Just don't buy the Integra, if you don't want to have buyer remorse.
Pristine Edge though
When did they start doing 4 doors?  I feel like this is trash now
TF?  I own a 10th gen SI and when they say the chassis is brilliant, there is no exaggeration.  It's phenomenal in the Twisties.  If you haven't driven one, there's no explaining how good it is.  For this reason, I can excuse the lackluster 1.5t powerplant to own a chassis that is easily $20k above its class and a platform that I can (later on) drop a built motor (or engine swap) into and have a freaking blast.     Adding weight and bulk to this platform absolutely boggles the mind!  Why?  Now you've jumped into an entirely new class of vehicle and negated the beauty of the Si's price point and you're left with what?  Less performance?  My 10th gen Si has electronically dampened suspension,  heated seats, an LSD. It was $25k. (The stereo is lame AF tho 😂)  I'm with a lot of folks that believe this was a rebadged platform.  There is no way this was an Integra from the drawing board.  Missed the mark by a mile.
Those puns were LEGENDary
My partner got mad and said if I didn't get my shit together we wouldn't have NSX.
This pricing/value issue vs the Si is solved if the base Integra comes with a manual transmission. Make it so, Acura!
i think that for the money, i would rather go and buy an accord 2.0t sport, as it has most of the features the integra has, is faster, more spacious, and i’d argue that it’s just a plain better value.  as a matter of fact, i did exactly that 3 days ago. bought a brand new 2022 honda accord 2.0t sport. integra didn’t do it for me
these two are some of the most annoying people online. like true HGTV levels of insufferable
This or a mazda3 turbo hatch?
All new cars have a high price tag…
Car is not brutal. I don't love it.
This is a very difficult sell over the Canadian Si.
Bruh I’m screaming…😂😂😂😂 “a family member at thanksgiving “
Oh thank god you left the helmet ding in. The new intro is even better, AND still has the thing we all love the most about it.
Needs a tune from Hondata
Fattegra is the real name 👎 40k and all fat and no style 😱 We want stylish coupe not a irx with name change 👎. Overpriced and Lame
That intro was brutal. I love it.
Your reviews & jokes are cool, but DON"T WASTE WATER LIKE THIS!!
I love all your guys videos 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Should've put the 2.0t in it.
@8:16 Look that orange peel texture paint for $50k + !!!! What a scam!
Nice car but dang $40k? I’ll stick to my golf R
Finally not tesla
This will probably be the most regretted new car purchased in this whole decade
Not true. Everything suspension wise is different.
I drove one of these and loved it. It felt like a grown up version of the cars I drove as a teenager. However, from what I understand so does the Civic Si, for $10k less. If the civic had heated elements, that would be my pick.
James was on another level in this one I enjoyed watching. Can you guys do an update on his Century?
Good review guys but that acura is really disappointing 😫😫😫😫😫😫
They made the enthusiast/manual option the top, most expensive trim. Whoever approved that had to be on drugs. Then they'll say nobody buys manuals and cancel it.  Every single thing Acura did with this car just seems retarded. The way they revealed this car, the way this car looks nothing like its predecessor, putting the manual in the most expensive trim, no coupe.... like ffs, they made this shit with only 4 doors just to have a 5'10 not be able to fit in the back.   I'm so upset because I was actually looking forward to buying this POS pre-reveal.  Anyone getting this instead of of a Z, GR86/BRZ, Elantra N, upcoming GR Corolla or the current Si, as an enthusiast option, is as high as Acura was when they decided to drop this hot turd.
james sounds like he just got laid for the first time yesterday! lol great video
Another brilliant spot on review.   I’m a fan of the car but clearly Acura got lazy on this one.  Doesn’t support the extra $ from the Civic Si
40k for 200hp lol.  It would lose to the Miata.
i hate where cars are heading,future is going to suck lol.
As an ILX owner, I think the new Integra is a step back compare to the old ILX. The non top of the line changed from 8-speed DCT to CVT. Not that I hate CVT but civic CVT isn't that good.  Not to mention that ILX has a 2.4 NA engine, it delivers smooth acceleration and sounds good too. So what's the point of getting Integra?  Even back when I purchased my ILX I asked them to match the price of a mid to high end Civic and they did. Unless they sell it at the same price as the Civic why not get an Accord? As Thomas and James stated, the top of the line integra isn't much different from Civic Si. So why not get an old ILX and have fun and saves some money too.
Acura got greedy making you purchase higher trims to get a manual.  BS
It basically looks like a rebadged Acura ILX. I owed an Integra in the 90’s and this with that cheep sounding clutch does not live up to the name.
I paid 40K usd out the door for my Civic Type R new in 2019... I think Honda/Acura needs to rethink their pricing strategy here. The price / performance ratio for the Integra is POOR. This car is going to be a failure, plenty of these brand new sitting on dealer lots because nobody wants them. Forget brand loyalty, if you are going to spend around 35k-40k usd for a fun car just get a Camaro SS 1LE or a used Type R, I would even throw in a used Evo X and Focus RS if you are feeling really daring.... at least then you are getting the performance for your money.
all CVT transmissions should be banished.   There is no reason for them.
Acura take a Civic and make it an Integra? Historically, every Integra was designed by Honda. The one time that Acura make an Integra and release it in 2022, it loses the plot.
buick sized tail pipes.....fail
It sounds like this car has a premium price but not premium materials or performance. As is, this car is slower than the cheaper Honda. Kinda mixed messaging from the sports crafted company. Acura really needs to rethink its packaging.  Should have had at least 20-30 more hp to compensate for the weight penalty.
This car puzzles me I don’t know who this car is for or which market it addresses.  For those that want a sporty car around the Integra’s price point, there are much better choices (GTI, Miata, WRX, etc.).  The average 21st century mainstream car buyer does not want a manual Integra. They would much rather have an EV SUV version of the Integra.  The average American college graduate graduates with gargantuan student loan debt and a first job salary that cannot afford a $40,000 car. Also these kids generally are not car people, they do not want or care about sporty cars, they care more about the new iPhone.  Lastly, Acura’s sales have been flagging for years. The new Integra won’t come anywhere close to reversing their downward declining sales spiral.
Just because they stuck a 6 speed manual in a Honda product doesn’t mean it’s the ultimate car. I drove 2 of these 6 speed manuals A Specs. It was slow, ( Hyundai/ Kia's can be quicker), the styling is awkward and too Corporate looking (looks like any Acura), the seats are hard and not bolstered, it’s trying too hard to be too many things. Integra use to mean a Enthusiast's car. This should just be called a ILX. It has a good interior, and a LSD so that counts for something, but don’t stick a A Spec badge on it.
Take a test drive of the Acura Integra, and then take a test drive of the Accord 2.0T, and you will buy the Accord every time, it is faster and has better handling, not to mention less-expensive as well.
Honda needs to get on the Type-S pretty quick.  Right now I'm not seeing a lot of reasons to get the Integra over a Stinger.
I think at the end of the day the main market for the Integra is not only the some extra luxury parts of its features is for the people who where looking for the Civic SI Hatchback that honestly should have come out awhile ago.
Just like all those 90s Integra's. A Civic with leather seats and a big $$$
I’ve been waiting for this
Well its a fancy Civic SI ! But price like a BMW 3 Guess what im buying and its not from  Honda !
Front end looks a hair better.
So, a Civic SI for adults, nice, me like it
I don't care how nice this car is otherwise, it should've come with the Accord 2.0 engine at this price point. It fits, it's MUCH better, and loved. I'm an old fart and please help me here, weren't Integras a preview of what the NEXT Civic was going to be like, rolled out about 2 years ahead of the next Civic? I'm not Googling to help remember, just going from memory.  I have been a loyal Honda customer since 1992, having owned 2 Civic Si hatchbacks, a CRX Si, a CRX hf and 3 different Accord v6 models, currently still own 2 v6 coupes, a 2012 and 2017. As the years have progressed the bean counters seem to have really diluted what these car were for enthusiasts: Extremely high quality, extremely well engineered, FUN cars. The performance models now just seem to be slapped together afterthoughts put out by the marketing departments to get a few more sales, that's it. As far as quality is concerned, mmmm, I haven't seen anything that stands out from the rest. Great review you two! Very fair and honest. Stay that way while laughing!
I think Type S version with the TLX's 2.0 turbo i4 would really solve the problem. Let's just hope that they go through with it as they did not deny that they will have a Type S version.😁
If you live in the US, especially California… RIP to your ability to tune your car without the EPA breathing down your neck
Is it just me or does this look a lot like the 2024 Accord
Looks like they sent you an Accord. 🤔
Back in the day when the Mustang V8 was making just 225 ponies. It was acceptable to have a 200 horsepower Si/Integral. A v8 Mustang now a days makes 460 horsepower. Now I am not asking for 5.0 power but come on 20 years later and still 200 horsepower come on!
Whatever! Honda sucks
Was this intro a simultaneous car review background bit and a preview for the Thomas OF channel he's been working on for years? All kidding aside, awesome video as always.
Man. This car is such a shame. 40k for what the Civic Si should have had. I really wanted to like both cars but the way they went about this really slaughtered both cars!
Hard pill to swallow watching this. They should’ve brought it out as a coupe hatch first. It’s a luxurious Civic Type R with the SI engine. I hope they’re saving the good stuff got a $65,000 Integra type R 😬😬😬
If they’d given it the CTR’s driveline they’d have probably knocked it out of the park.
Just buy a 2.0 accord 🥴
Down syndrome these guys?
Overpriced and underwhelming.  Acura is officially dead.
Type S integra in 2002 had 200hp.   This is a waste of time.  It’s a civic
46k as specced, lol. That's 10k more then my Mazda 3 turbo premium that is faster, has AWD and a better interior. No thx.
overpriced, a civic si is a tiny bit lighter and has a summer tire option.You just buy the Acura because you are self conscious about brand names.
I'd rather buy a base model Stinger 2.5t over this
Acura made a mess of this. What a waste.
Great review. Stupid car. Acura ruined an icon. Thanks Acura😑
Elantra N
That’s a beautiful Prius
That's not an intergra....smh
Pure life is top tier water
The problem is that a lot of people are comparing this new Integra with the new civic SI. Which of course, is definitely not worth that extra $10k increase for the same performance.  What people should be comparing this to is the top trim hatchback sport touring. At that point, its a lot more reasonable value since you're getting the similar cargo volume and infotainment, with the added performance of the SI drivetrain and some other Acura specific comforts (memory seats, heads up display, better audio, adaptive dampers) for an additional $6k. I think that's worth the upgrade.  If you don't need the extra 20hp, LSD, bigger brakes, etc. But you do need the cargo volume. Then just get the Civic hatchback. However, if you want the hatchback space in addition to the performance.. Well there is still the Civic Type R thats going to come out soon.. So everything is all reasonably priced imo.
Trashhhhh
The one word that I can't avoid when it comes to this car is: underwhelming.  The styling is underwhelming, the performance is underwhelming, and the value is extremely underwhelming.  While I applaud Honda (Acura doesn't really exist... it's just a styling / stereo wing of Honda) for wanting to build a car that people who like driving would appreciate - what they have actually done is become the equivalent of a chef who makes gluten-free food for everyone.  This car should have the 2.0 turbo from the Accord in it.  That would still leave a large performance gap between Si and R, but it would make this car - at nearly 40k, a hoot.  Instead, we are left with the fact that for the same money, you could have an Accord Sport 2.0 and be faster, cheaper, roomier, and did I mention... cheaper.  The interior is pretty but yikes.  Not THAT pretty.
The rear seat having no headroom is just like an old integra lol
-Bob Dylan, 1964 But now we got weapons Of chemical dust If fire them we’re forced to Then fire them we must One push of the button And a shot the world wide And ya' never ask questions When God’s on your side
this model is really sucks lol sorry but l have to be honest in this opinion'  so l still with my 10th Generation Accord 2.0 Turbo Sport 2022  lol
Why would anybody choose this over the type r though?
a CVT in a 40 thousand dollar car? no waay duude lmaooo
Such a big Acura fan, but I am moving further and further away from the brand because I don’t see the justification for the cost of their cars anymore. It also feels like buyers make their much needed desires, but they don’t always capitalize on that feedback. I’m now far more comfortable in the German brands
Not a fan of the new integra! They didn't do the name justice.
I'm not buying a 40k car that can't even keep up with a camry
Looks like a genesis coupe with 4 doors
WOW! 1.5l 200hp engine.... I gotta lay down!
I like the way the car looks and I'm sure it drives great but I agree with the guys on their final point.  For the money, I would much rather have the Accord 2.0T, which is a true sleeper.  In fact, I do own a '20 Honda Accord Touring 2.0T that I dearly love.  However, depending on what Acura does with the upcoming Type S variant of the Integra, I could see myself considering a much more powerful version of the Integra.
they priced this so well that it is slower than a Slow CIvic SI LMAOOOOOOOOOO
That a honda civic
This ain’t an integra this just a rebadged ilx cross reference the vin of ur 2023 with a 18-21 ilx vin 🤣🤣
Hilarious intro... LOL 🤣
You can get the new Type R for the price of this Intega. This thing has zero reason to exist.
“I I’m I’m a p pilot.”  That’s my best pickup line.
You know the saying, “ you can put💄on a 🐷 but it’s still a 🐷.”
CVT = crappy vehicle transmission
I like the look of the Integra quite a bit more than the Civic.  But it definitely feels like it should have had something more special for the price difference. Maybe not the full on TYPE R drivetrain, but the 2.0t from the Accord, even if with the 10sp auto, would move this way up the list.
I liked the "scumbags at nestle" quote
These cars really just need the 2.0T accord engine. Let's see what happens with the type R...
The official day has come.. the tables have turned... American V8s REV higher than imports especially Honda. I love all cars I just had to mention it!!!
While I don't like this Integra, I also don't think that the new Civic looks "nice".  I think Honda/Acura have really been in a dull/ugly slump for nearly 10+ years.
I think the biggest problem with the car is it's too much like a Civic. I really wish Acura hadn't gone the cheap, easy, and safe route on this. Look at the TLX for example; looks nothing like an Accord and it's all the better for it, being a VERY sleek and sharp looking car that is distinctly ACURA.  Give the aftermarket some time and you can probably get a body kit for an Si to make it look like this "Integra". I also find it funny that at this price point, it almost competes with the TLX, as you can get a base model for about $38k, and an A-Spec for $45k.
Had Acura equipped this with 240hp, no one would be arguing it’s value.  And I would agree though I still love the Integra
This is an embarrassment to be called an Integra...
Personally I hate this new Integra. I know I can speak for everyone here when I say that when Honda announced this thing we where all expecting a sporty coupe that would've become Honda's flag ship performance car just like back in the day. Instead we got whatever the hell this thing says it is. 0/10
I think you wanted to say, “A limited slip differential is the sine qua non of a small torquey front wheel drive car.” ;-)
this car should have come with the 2.0 turbo engine
Too much money for that.
Honda and Acura are just behind in the hp game and there are more fun options available for the same price range but nice try Hondacura lol hahahahah 😆
I love this channel . Get home from work crack a beer stream to the tv.. mmmm this is where it's at !
Definitely a car I would get used in a few years, if I really had to buy one for some reason
cant wait for the type s or even type r integra
Looks like a Kia Camaro
The old integra was better, Honda failed on this opportunity. That's all there is to it.
This is a shit car… no creative way to put it. I’ve owned CRX SiR,  ek civic, 2 Integra R’s, S2000, 8th Gen civic 280hp NA, FK8 Type R plus more and I’d never buy this… this is pathetic.
Honda makes amazing work designing ugly cars
And MANUAL. Yeah. You always show the best vids.. MANUAL , the best part
the water analogy was too fire!!!!
Ahh another fancy civic. 200hp is horrible my 02 Accord V6 has 200hp... I've had minivans out run me.  My 2013 Accord coupe 3.5 6speed auto has nearly 300hp and requires 87 octane while getting 25-35 mpg easy. Honda messed up by not continuing a great drive train. I've out ran a 350z, 370z, multiple mustang V6s and Ecoboost, challenger RTs, 2008 mustang GT, 1999 mustang GT and more. The mustang and challenger drivers are the most disappointed.
I don’t get why you say it’s priced good, it’s not. It’s waaaay too much, just like almost all cars nowadays.
The puns are so cringy and I love it. James I think is better at the puns than Thomas. Imagining how the planning for James to dump water on Thomas’s head and slap while he’s blindfolded.
Boring looking car with a stupid commercials campaign blaring loud music pandering to an audience that doesn’t have the $$$ to buy a commuter Civic with a snob badge on the front.
It has to many doors.
Excellent review! As a long-time Integra enthusiast, I will wait until the mid-cycle refresh in '24 to see what exterior and under-the-hood improvements (if any) Acura makes.
I'd rather get the CLA, honestly.
I liked the video as soon as he called Nestle scumbacks!
Integra 4 doors? Maybe they going bring 2 door sport prelude and s2000 back. Civic si and integra great dailys but for the price might consider Elantra N or Subaru  wrx.
I see nothing wrong with spending a bit more for a "top trim Si" especially here in the U.S. The leather seats, heated seats, sound system, hatch, and adaptive dampers all add up to a really nice package, with more reliability than you're going to get in the CLA or A3 (both materially smaller cars with no manual transmission btw).
“It does have a personality that lets you ream the crap out of it”  ...so it has the Integra-ty of an adult film star 😂
My 1996 GSR has an engine that only came on an Acura in America and the 170hp only moves 2,643lbs. The VTEC is a joy to drive as it comes into its own between 4500 and 8000 rpm. The 2023 "Integra" is the best ILX ever
Elantra N cakes the take over the Integra
I had an Integra. Sold it with 397,000 miles on it. Highly collectible to the right person but a car with four doors, no thanks.
They kept it way too safe for this car.
I have the 22 Si and its barely adequate in the engine department, for a $28,000 Civic Si, which is what I paid. For a $40,000 Acura, no way. Compared to the 2.0L turbos in the competition the engine is just weak. The chassis is awesome and combined with the 2.0L turbo and a DSG option would have been perfect. They missed the mark here in my opinion.
Hondas of historically always had the hardest seats for some freaking reason, even my Honda Shadow motorcycle seat is ridiculously hard. I don't know what's wrong with these people...
I can get a 30 year old lada and its performing better than a 40k acura.. so lame.
Thomas said civic si and it took mea moment to realize what the look on his face was for... The new Integra is so synonymous with the Integra in my head that I didn't even register that it wasn't one... and that's a problem for Acura.
You guys do realize its 46k Canadian not US dollars right?
The CAD price of the car is really not worth it. Waiting for them to announce the Type S variant.
the stutter gotme dead
You guys rock lol. One of the best shows out there.
the first 5 min said it all... still very disappointed, the Tomas made me hate it more. really wish it was a coupe... really do. Honda killed the 2 door accords and civics And they no longer have anything in mind for the CL... they entered in the foot steps of Toyota... in 20 years they'll wake up and oooh too late? yeah.... jumping ship to Toyota. give me a Corrola GR
You guys are awesome😂
For old school Integra fans, especially for GS-R and Type-R enthusiasts, this seems to fall short. Not 2 door, not naturally aspirated and needing a Turbo to get to the same HP as the old B18 engine from the 90's. For the money, the competition is too great. Why wouldn't a "boy racer" just go with a GR86 at that price. Why wouldn't someone who wanted a 4 door get the Accord and have more leg room in the back.   They'd better come out with a more capable Type-R version. Or a 2 door.
There's no way Acura didn't know we all wanted something similar to the gsr integra. 2 door coupe sports car. This car is way too big! Too tall, too heavy, and too ugly. They did the opposite of what customers wanted. It's a waste of a great opportunity. I'm 35, so the gsr integra was one of those cars we all wanted but couldn't afford because we were in highschool and was out of our price range. A retro integra could've been something special.  I know it's supposed to be a luxury version of the civic si, but they could've done much better than this styling.... Or lack there of. I doubt this makes it long enough for a refresh. Maybe if they make a coupe version it'll sell a few cars but other than that it's doomed! This is universally a highly disliked car from every single automotive journalist that's covered it. Sad story bro!
Thanks for being honest and calling this call out for what it is...  A Civic Si hatch.    Acura / Honda were lazy on the development of this car.  Prior Integras also had different drivetrains and improved suspensions over their Civic counterparts.  This car is mechanically identical (with maybe a spicier tune on the ECU).    It's a shame because Acura / Honda could have created a hit with this car, one worthy of the Integra name, by either giving it a detuned 2.0L turbo, like the Accord you mentioned, or AWD.  If this car had either of those would have made the car stand out from the competition and its counterpart in the Civic.  If driving enthusiasts (read: those who want a manual transmission) have to fork out $40k for a Civic Si hatch, they're probably going to by the Civic Type R or the GR Corolla.  I know I will choose one of those two over this ILX, I mean, Civic Si hatch, I mean Integra...  Whatever you call it... It won't matter.  It will go out of production in 1 generation if they don't fix the formula.
You guys rule!
Com Truise fans.  Noice
Sad nothing will ever be good again....
Acura Civic..!🤣
The integra is doomed to fail
Acura needs to stop making “luxury Hondas” and start being themselves, Acura needs to be like Lexus, cuz Lexus is such a drastic change to a Toyota 😂
Best opener yet 😂
I hate how Honda killed the Accord Euro (rebadged Acura) for the Australian market. I became a huge fan with the 2nd generation CU2 and now I’m left with nothing newer to upgrade to. I’ll likely switch to Lexus for my next car
This car is an Integra in the same way that the 2006 Pontiac GTO was a GTO.
Thanks
I feel bad for acura. not sure if they will do any better since everyone is shifting to electric.
Yeah.  Civic is an amazing offer for the money…. This is not and it’s throwing a legendary name under a truck….  Quite a misstep overall for Honda.  Fingers crossed the type R is really something special.
No idea who this is for, like seriously?
This thing will flop, simply because of the price. That's pretty sad.
Still doesn't hold a candle to where the classic Honda and Acura Integra once was in both price, and style. Just looks like a generic car like my Subaru Legacy and performance wise there are better options for $40k.
aaaand its FWD, SMH...
jesus, put a 3.0 turbo in here and we have something to talk about
Looks have grown ngl. Excited to see the aftermarket support.
This car answers a question no one asked. What a cynical attempt by Honda to gouge more money out of people buy sticking an Acura badge on it and offering nothing more for the extra $.
So just buy the civic then, right?
the reason this recipe worked a little better in the past was because Honda was perceived as lower rent than it is today, and Acura was perceived as higher rent than it is today. Those things have narrowed, so now it makes less sense. It was never about the hard differences.
I mean Are we really surprise the only people buying this cars are people who are just getting into the brand it self and ppl who just got done with there 3 years old lease wait Honda is just puting the same engines in the same cars with a different look odd generations my people the curse is real
In 1990 the integra had a better engine than a civic. b18 dohc vs b16 single overhead cam. Base integra was cheaper than a civic lx in Canada Honda is lost on this product at this price let them keep it till it drops 10k and its still too much Buy a lexus
I would love to see you do a head-to-head db8 Honda Integra type r or dc2 Acura Integra type r 1998 spec vs 2023 joke of an Acura Integra
That flex in the door is actually traumatizing
I don't see this Integra being a major hit in their line up.  They did not do any major changes in the exterior at all.  This looks just like an other Acura.  They misses the mark here with design. Or better yet it was probably a cost saving measure just to create am ILX hatch and call it an integra
I could never imagine paying 40k+ for a slightly nicer civic, might aswell buy a 2.0t sport for that price point which is alot more car, alot more fun, and more practical plus alot nicer imo after driving both the civic, accord, and tlx. I mean for 40k+ your in the same ballpark as other sports cars n muscle cars aswell like mustang gts and the such
No
love the intro
All I see here is a Vauxhall Insignia…
Oh you do not know your in a sardine can and always will ge
0:17  James : gonna be a pun legend Thomas : the the the the the
I'll take a Camaro LT1 and save a few grand, thanks.
200HP? The new GR86 makes 228! And people call that slow! I still bet those Honda lovers are gonna say this is better though. Seems like a total waste of money to me.
Integra? I owned a DC2 and I cannot see any resemblance... Where is the 2 door sports car? An NO. They didn't just take a civic. For starters, the engines were bigger, the profile was lower, you even sat lower.... Honda  in this instance have it all wrong calling it Integra...
Used scat pack > this shit
Thomas got bitch slapped... 😂
Thomas got waterboarded
should have been a smaller coupe and not a giant sedan.
Acuraly.....
acura should’ve made it a 3 door hatch.
This has been the most honest review of this car that I've seen so far.
After mark ups this car is 45 to 50k no problem. Other cars can do what this does for cheaper. All brand name hype tbh.
Acura/Honda are kind of throwing their money into the wind with this car.
For $37k, you could get a used 2017/18 civic type r without options.
I’ll pass. 40k for flimsy plastic doors
actually a terrible purchase decision if you decide to buy this car. i explain why
The si should cost $24k america  The integra should Cost 30k 🤷‍♂️
Fully blacked out badge is a bit much but I honestly really like the looks overall.
You guys are still great, love the intro BUT...I understand you've got to review the new crap to pay the bills.
200hp glorified civic with an Acura badge slapped on. nothing special about this car, amd theyre asking 40k. if you buy this shit youre a clown  honda clowns for this, massive L
Honda, Toyota and Mazda are all guilty of the same thing: offering cheaply built, noisy, underpowered cars for too much money.
Burn this car, its absolute dogshit, only  thing bad about this car is the fact it was made.
These guys are clown$🤣🤣🤣
YOU WASTED FIJI WATER. KIDS IN AFRICA COULD HAVE DRANK THAT. THEY HAVE DONT ACCESS TO CLEAN WATER. LET ALONE FIJI MINERAL WATER.
This car is absolutely hideous. Acura/Honda cannot properly execute the sloping roofline. Acura makes nothing that’s remotely appealing or fun, neither does Honda.
Honda has produced dozens of great engine designs over the years, that said this isn't one of them. The engine is weirdly underpowered considering that a decade ago effectively the same machine in their lineup had 205bhp from a properly engaging NA powerplant. Basically it's a shite engine in an unrefined package for hilariously too much money. Just get an off lease F80 3 series or similar and have a sedan that actually has the potential for spirited driving.
The ILX was an Integra in everything but the name, just like the RSX before it (which was an Integra overseas). They fit in the lowest price bracket for a semi luxury to luxury branded car, and the Integra’s were mostly just Civic’s underneath, and yea that includes all the old ones. Most peoples idea of an Integra is the ITR, of which Honda sold in the States as an Acura, of which 4000 came to our shores and they lost money on every single one that they sold. Most people who had an Integra back then are looking at the car now through some rosy tinted nostalgia glasses. Those cars weren’t much more than your average commuter car, with *SOME* sporty characteristics, but the ITR’s they were not. People that couldn’t afford them bought GS and GS-R Integra’s and modified them visually to look like and somewhat perform like the ITR.   Honda’s vision for the Integra was to go back to its roots, and when you look at the beginning of the model back in the mid 80’s, the main model was a blandish, yet economical and practical, 5 door hatchback with some luxury features. This car is a modern version of that one.   When people heard that the Integra was coming back they thought of the Type-R. The problem is Honda and Acura never said that the Integra Type-R was coming back, everyone got hype over fan renders of what a modern ITR would look like and yet Honda/Acura never said that the car was gonna be anything like that. So people got their hopes up for a car that wasn’t gonna exist like it did in the old days.
40 grand is way too much for an integra
Enjoy 😉 😁😎 https://youtu.be/Kp2BrbqcKtM https://youtu.be/hp5jzN3H14c https://youtu.be/Bk9z1Y2AiXg
Explain Acura pricing to me like I’m 5. A 7-second rebadged Civic priced like a GTI. A TLX Type S that performs like A4 but priced like S4. An MDX Type S priced like a Porsche Cayenne. Massive turbo lag (0.9 seconds between 0-60 and 5-60). Low-rev turbo 4 playing high rev VTEC noises through the speakers.
Ill take a stinger GT at that price point
This is a basically a highly marked up Acura ILX, which is (or was) a decent, refined four door sedan that stickered for about $25k (US.) We own one and think it was the most sensible car purchase out there. I have no idea what they were thinking with this thing, and neither does anyone else in automotive journalism.
1.5T What were they thinking, even if it was $30,000 should be 2.0T
I have a 1997 Integra. This a piss poor successor.
I'm happy with my Elantra N. Acura Integra fucked up. Integra will flop and discontinue.
Does Fiji Water have microplastic in it too?
Or I could get an Elantra N, lol.
The 10 gen si had adaptive dampers. The integra is a 10th gen si. Honda going backwards
Great. An over priced Civic.
🤣😂🤣🤣 it’s Only water Thomas - but I like the Si and if I want Leather I can switch out my bucket seats
It looks like every other Acura and basically an overpriced Civic Si. Not enough to differentiate it from every other sedan out there both interior and exterior wise. It's a flop of a car and I hope it gets a power boost, a redesign of the interior/exterior and extra features to step it up above the Civic Si.
Since they can’t say it I will. This car sucks and there’s no reason to buy one other than to say u have the new Integra.
James prick? On YouTube 🤔
from the thumbnail I thought it clearly looks like a merc
these dudes lol
Hello all. But. I think the proper rebrand is from 2014. TSX.   Simple.
5 grand for a six speed lmao
Welp, they made it boring and lack luster. Time for a proper long sleek 2 door, with the Accord 2.0t, and 6 speed.   Honda Prelude please, done correctly. Still love my 97 and it gets non stop attention for its looks. (Lowered with proper wheels and a lip kit save the day)
James came into that bottled water comparison segment and said 'never let them know your next move'
For 40k it’s not worth it at all….you’re way better off buying the SI and saving the extra. This car is a huge disappointment…just a new name for the ILX. You would be better off buying a 3 series which is painful to say.
The all-black is cool. Hence, the term "blackout".
"Its not tickling me anywhere.." Bhahaha 😂
I just want a new RSX coupe Type S with at least 300hp
We test drove this.  $37k for the middle spec plus fees and taxes = $45k cdn.  Add interest charges and this is a $50k cdn fancy civic…  The a-spec elite shown in this video is like 55k cdn.  There’s also a serious shortage of head room in the back seat.
Not a fan - just a shrunk down TLX with a rear hatch and Genesis Coupe taillights.  Majorly disappointed.
Lmaooo the intros always have me cracking up
If there is an opening scene these guys have done that is bad... I have yet to see it.
To do this car correctly it needed to lose the rev-hang, period. And, should have a minimum of 30 additional ponies along with a stereo that is ONE step up from the Civic Si. For the power plant, the Integra needs a 2.0L turbo mill in a moderate state of tune, say 230-240hp. The Type S could then have a 275hp version of the 2.0L and the ELS 3D sound system. You're welcome Acura...  Oh well, Acuras rarely deliver complete arousal of the driver's the senses anyway, they are mostly just a more luxurious Honda. Which is no bad thing, Hondas a great cars. The issue is always been the same for me as TH's conclusion here:  Why would I want to pay THAT much more for a pinch of low zoot cache' and some modest interior frippery? Pass...
200 hp lol. Why not give it the type r engine?
It's a Honda Crosstour with Acura badges, i refuse to accept that as an integra
Indeed Thomas if you can be a burn out be a burn out 😅😅
Me answer is still no. Make the accord RWD already, HONDA.
Integra gives me civic and infinite vibes visually but civic se performance
Oh you guys are good. Very accurate review. Not sugar coating this car at all. Decent vehicle, not worth the money. Buy the SI.
This is a disgrace to the Acura pedigree
James a bully 😂❤️
This should of gotten the accords 2.0 turbo with about 250-270hp and the type s should get closer to 400hp and they need to differentiate that front end from the ILX because it don’t look like a new car just a refreshed ILX!! 👽🛸
I came for the dad jokes but ended up watching some Integra content 😅
Acura’s AWD system is tuned to be RWD biased, and is a nice AWD for performance driving.  Put the AWD in the upcoming Integra  type S, with the Civic Type R engine, and the manual the Integra already has.  That’d be one heavenly recipe!
When does a dad joke becomes a dad joke? When Thomas and James become a parent.
maybe I'm not your biggest fan, but it is sooo god that you leave sound of helmet knock on door in new intro
overpriced for a tiny engine
People pay alot more money for their ego, bigotry, racism and prejudice towards other country cars and stuff. So 10k more is nothing.
Good video but a crying shame that they didn’t make it look better and overall a different car from the civic
Acura has been taking Ls left and right.  First the extremely overpriced TLX type S now this reskinned SI for $40k.  Car companies were heavily criticized in the past for this reskinning and up charging garbage.  Let’s bring back that energy.
My rusty 2005 Acura MDX with 150k mileage on it is way more comfortable and FASTER than this one. And it’s like 10-12 times cheaper. How dare you put 1.5 litres 200 Hp engine you put to legendary “Integra” model? 0-60 is 7 something sec. That’s pathetic. Honda just used popularity of “Integra” name and try to make money on it. Not a comfortable car, not fast, not so sporty, not cheap and not good at gas economy. No thanks
1:50 Payback for the Ice cream gag haha!
all acuras are dressed up civics. have been for the last 20 years. disappointing.  ***QUESTION:  why don't you all ever review Infiniti?!?
You guys are getting the Golf R for 40k? They start from 55-60k here in Germany... no manual available (not even on the gti)
My itch has finally been scratched, thank you 😊
In other word it's a luxury Honda Civic 🙄 not worth paying the extra money 🤑
$10,000 for red seats . No thanks
Huge rip off , nobody is impressed. 200hp is a joke
I feel as if the Hyundai Elantra N for 32k might be a better option as you get more horsepower, but if you’re not into that, this car looks amazing, but personally I’d choose an Elantra N over this.
At 40k Id rather get a Z
Should have been a coupe with the Type-R drivetrain. Only in my dreams lol.
Great! Another Integra review that extends the waiting period for an Si.
I’m the proud owner of a 1993 Integra. Love that little car.
9000 rpms is rev happy not this crap
If I were the Honda/Acura product manager... 1) I'd make integra 2.0L turbo considering price difference and since just killed off Accord manual or/and 2) available SH-AWD for Integra.  Yes, it's heresy knowing Integra has always been FWD, but it's cornerstone of Acura's strength over Honda models or 3) New Civic SI to be 2dr coupe rather than 4 door sedan or Integra to be the coupe/sedan (rather than hatch).     It's nice to have Acura hatch, but at the price point, Civic Type-R will be released in hatchback in about 2 mo.   Integra will not be able to compete with SI or Type-R.    Too much overlap between SI and CTR.  My choice would have been... Civic SI - 2 door coupe Integra - 4 door sedan with 2.0L turbo with available SH-AWD Type-R - hatch (2 or 4door) with 2.O turbo FWD
I think they should of used a detuned 2.0t that was in the accord so approx 220bhp or use the same setup about 250bhp
Vtech just kick in slow
The Acura looks so good it should've been a rwd
You guys seem to have gotten more and more violent towards each other in these past couple vids. Between Thomas bashing James in the head twice in the phantom/maybach video, and James pouring water on Thomas and then slapping him in the face 😂
That intro lol nice work Thomas
Black is the only color I would select for a new Integra.  Anyways, I'll pass, Acura design language is a no-no!
Exterior ruins it for me. I like the rear but the front is unacceptable.
What a great intro 😂
An executive with no passion is the reason why the current Integra is lame and uninspiring, I'll be surprised if it makes it past a revision or two generations.
I think the Honda Integra Type R will have the SH-AWD and will be JDM only.  My theory.
In the US a heated steering wheel isn't standard or even a factory-installed option on the A-spec.  It's dealer-installed.  So they rip out what comes from the factory and charge $700 for parts and labor, as I was quoted.  I really wanted a heated wheel for winter, but the way Acura US handles this is not worth it on top of the pretty high msrp.  So I passed on the Integra.
Not to mention the markups that will be demanded because it's an "Integra"...this thing fails miserably.
Why couldn’t they put a built K24 N/A in it? Or at least offered an alternative version of it. Hopefully the Type S will have a 2.2 or 2.4 liter N/A or K2O GDI Turbo ShAWD.
I hope the type s falls somewhere between the type r and Si performance wise. Something that maybe has the 2.0 and still offers manual but keeps some luxury with the upgrades. That would be a $40k integra I’d buy, although obviously it’s going to cost more
I was hoping this would be a more mature Civic Si, targeted at a more professional buyer that wanted the Acura image.  To that end I think they missed the mark with those over 30.  I think they could have: - Made the interior more mature by offering standard leather seating without the alcantara   - Offered higher grade leather in the back seat and on the door panels (especially on the top trim that’s $43k) or as part of a seating upgrade package - Removed the red stitching  - Included rear air vents and had 40-20-40 folding rear seats   As it stands the top trim is priced comparatively to the base A4, which is a much better value proposition.  Sadly it means giving up the manual transmission, but unfortunately there’s just too many trade-offs with the Integra.  My guess is after the initial surge of enthusiast buyers with the manual, most buyers will be under 30, want the Acura badge and opt for one of the lower trim levels the CVT.
This car exists for people who want a luxury car but don't know anything about cars and somehow they ended up at an Acura dealer and they saw this was the cheapest car from the luxury brand and then the salesman happily sells them a cvt and everyone goes home happy.
I know this car has been getting some hate down here in the comments, but I love this thing. I had an elderly BMW 325i with a manual at one point and I think this car gets the closest to replacing that experience. I’m more interested in it than the Si because of the extra luxury fittings in combination with the manual, something the CLA, A3, and Mazda3 Turbo don’t offer. Plus, it has better electronics than the VW GTI.
review the new Nissan Z and the Toyota 2023 corolla GR I wanna see themmmmmmm!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great intro😂
Oh man I love the integra and the Civic si. But Imagine I pay that money and at the end of the day my friend comes to me with a Hyundai N and tell me his car is way faster, its embarrassment.
#notmyintegra
Very expensive Honda Civic
so basically to sum it up its a overpriced garbage lmao
Accurate integral intro 🌝
Meh...thats a hard pass from me.
If your gonna give it a hatch, give it 2 doors, not 4..
My forte GT is better value than this. Check the specs and compare
Im at the same page as u guy I do no know why they They didn’t put a least 2.0
u can buy a 400 hp challenger for the sameee price
This was A-Spec-tacular review!
Its always so funny when alex reacts to the smell of weed like its meth hahha
So basically it's junk(for the💲) not a real Integra so don't waste your money and just get a Civic SI.
If you parked it in an alley, it's so black that people would trip or run into it.
It's criminal how good this looks for how mediocre it is. It's the same problem I have with the TLX Type S - it's the best looking car shy of the competing Mercedes but everything else in the class outperforms it in pretty much every category, and realistically for $40,000+ the "value proposition" kinda falls apart
I personally don't like the book of the civic SI. The Lexus looks way better but that's just my opinion
srry but that price tag aint happening in this day n age.....honda can say all they want about pricing....but the DEALERS mark them up....at my hyundai work they remove the window stickers uppon arrival of new vehicles and when asked about it they said "thats not the real price we have to add bla bla bla bla...."
The perfect poseur car, James wears it well. 🤣
I can’t wait for the Type-R reveal
Deadass looks like a previous Gen TLX on the thumbnail. Also with Civic SI' reaching almout 40-45k once you're at the dealer, knowing the Integra will cost you more when the civic is so good already makes this seem like such a bad deal in my eyes.
Getting mine in August. Can't wait
“I’m a Pilot!” -Thomas 2022
Sounds like they're saving the 2.0 for the Type S. Hopefully in the meantime a nice tune will boost up the performance above a GT86.  And in regards to that clutch pedal being light, the ILX was the same way. It is not engaging at all. Still a good shifter, but it's almost like the clutch pedal is activating an electronic switch that then activates a servo to move the clutch. The people that design manual cars these days really don't seem to get it. I'm glad they still make them, but did they even drive the older Integras?
Is ugly come on Acura........is an ugly  intregra
The new integra is to Acura what the new blazer is to Chevy. An attempt to cash in on a name rather than an actual successor to what made their name legendary. The bronco is the only one who has successfully created something worthy of the badge it wears.
Just get a supra or Nissan fair lady !
The rear end looks like a Genesis Coupe.
Thomas: “I cn’fly. I’m Pilot.”
1) id never pay that price for this especially no coupe model 2) really disappoints me that you have to spend $50k on the new Z to get something as simple as an LSD...
Sorry this car is trash. The 2.0turbo should be stock then the full Apsec should be putting way more hp down with the 2.0 for that crazy price and to only get those features in the highest trims is stupid.  Acura will come out in a year or two saying there getting rid of the manual option because “it’s not selling well”. Ya….when you put the only manual option in the highest trim it’s going to hurt its sell.   For the price there better cars performance and…better interior and tech.
I have owned RSX type s 2006 but What can I say about this Integra, it looks beautiful but it needs a final touch. It's expensive and it needs to be a little bit lower in price. Especially when the Civic si exists.  Also a person like me, I don't like red seats, i want black or dark grey seats. Are they available??   Overall, they could have done better, Acura!
Piece of Doo Doo. Shouldn't even have the integra name
you guys are funny as F.  Hahaha, i would choose the Civic Si instead the Acura,  like you guys said, you pay for the seats and the sound system, no more power than the si, and the clutches it’s really sounds awful…
If you have roll backwards, it’s not a burn out.
I was planning on buying a 2023 Integra A-SPEC but im not any more. My first car was a 2002 RSX Type-S and I LOVED that thing. It was fast, it looked nice, it handled GREAT, and that K20A2 between 6-8k RPM made you feel like you where driving a race car. comparing to my friends 04 SI hatch, It looked better, had better performance, felt better in the corners, had much nicer feeling and better equipped interior and most importantly HAD 40 MORE HP over the CIVIC SI. You got all that for $5k more than the Civic SI. RSX Type S MSRP was $24k and the civic SI was $19k...... Seeing that this basically follows the same formula (put better seats, upgrade sound system, put nicer suspension) AND left out the better motor AND CHARGING $10,000 MORE I just can't see the point. If they make a Type-S its gonna cost closer to $45k and at that point, just wait and get a Civic Type R. I have been waiting to buy a new car just to see how this thing played out and I'm disappointed. Going to get an A3 Quattro Premium Plus, it costs $3k more, has more power, has AWD, and feels way different then the golf its based on. Extremely disappointed Honda, you can do better.
A very good honest review and comparison to the honda brand equivalent, but for $40,000 price tag, I will keep driving my no mods 1994 integra gs-r. The Electronic power steering in the new cars are not the same as the older ones. I have had to replace the main control unit in my 2012 civic lx 5 speed recently and there is not a backup system if it fails (no fluid reservoir at all). I have owned five civics from an 89' hatch 4 speed to a lightly modified 98'  hatch. I have more fun and reliability in the 94' gs-r than the 2012 civic.
Did Thomas lose a bad bet before filming this one?!
Any thoughts on the Integra vs. Mazda3 turbo?
Theres nothing cool or worth 40k+ about a saloon with a 4 cylinder, i’d take a is350 awd anyday over this
IMO the integra looks wayyyyyy nicer than the 11th gen civic. I can't get over the civic's beluga head.
Text book badge engineering to sell more of the exact same product to badge snobs.
i think thomas needs to ZDXit because he couldn’t make a joke 😂
The integra should come with the Type-R engine standard. Even slightly detuned
40k!! Heck no I would just get a type r
*an unworthy successor to the integra lineage.*
Take a look at the Easter egg in the Centre console "civic lives on" with a Engineering drawing of original civic hatchback. All integras use civic si parts. Also it's 234 hp at the wheel hubs.
Completely nailed it!
"You're basically paying for the sound system and the seats [compared to the Civic]". Wait, where did the LSD and adaptive dampers go? Or is that not important at all?
That water test tho 🤣wasn’t expecting that
Everyone keeps saying the civic is cheaper, why would any one pick the integra… has anyone seen what the SI are selling for ?? I’ve called a bunch of dealerships and the pricing is the same if not more than the Integra. I think Honda is taking advantage of the current market, once things get back to normal though , this Integra will take a huge hit in sales.
Thomas much like the integra got well damped during this episode.
The should have put the torque 2.0 engine that is in the type r and in the accord in this with that 10speed tranny and manual….
Unfortunately you missed the point of this car and compared it to the Civic instead of the 2 series, CLA, and A4 that are actually in its segment and compete with it.   When compared correctly it is priced right and offers more features and better driving dynamics than it’s direct competitors. I could compare the civic to a 2 series the civic would still win. However Acura didn’t miss the mark because it wasn’t made to compete against a civic it was made to compete against other entry level luxury sedans and in that perspective it is a very good car.
You don't need to thomas.... You don't need to... 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
infiniti made a 200hp version of their 4000lbs q60 and eventually stopped that engine option so I feel yall pain ,  luckily I have the redsport version with 400hp and the vr30 engine is underrated   wishing yall Acura and honda fans some better engine options and hopefully depreciation can help yall get into a used low mileage one for the enthusiast to make up for the cost
Don’t see any reason to go for this over my US spec Si. Great review as always gents.
joe mama
You’d be insane to buy this over an Elantra N
I really wanted to buy this car but I just can't bring myself to do so it just doesn't speak to me the way it should 😭
ILX was not selling so they brought in a popular name (integra). This is just a ILX. It is not going to sell that much because, like they said, it is a more expensive Civic.  They should have made the Integra the Civic Si Coupe to compete with all the nice new coupes out now. STOP MAKING COMPACT CARS HUGE!! lol
I get that the fastback has a bit more practicality, but I just find the side profile to be so misshapen. Love the rear 3/4 angle but the front end solely belongs to a sedan IMO. I think the Civic Si sedan is so handsome, but I’d love the interior of this new Integra. Ah well…
The new Integra is a great commuter car, especially the fully loaded with adaptive dampers. That's pretty much it.
Spot on across the board.. although to be fair, black is the least flattering color it is available  in
Honda has fully fallen on their sword in the last decade🙄
For the past 20 years i have purchased a honda or an Acura, sorry to say i will not be buying one again. Honda, Stop embarrassing yourself with unremarkable and low quality cars
For 10k they should've installed the accord turbo at least
go buy a civic SI, go to a stereo store and add sound matts, put in amp and top speakers and you are stil saving lots of money.  you want a sport car that is silent? what's the point? you want a fry chicken that is soft? old integra was dirt cheap. This one is 40K... it's not going to sell. 40K...go buy a type R and more people will love your car if you want to show off.
Best Youtube channel there is
Wtf was the intro dude. Not that good.
Oh yay, another bloated high beltline plasticky crossover esque car with a four cylinder and and auto. Love all the unnecessary ginsu knife cut slash shapes everywhere and the dozens of pointless angular body creases.... like every car since 2003! Swoon!
Thomas & James' bromance is a better love story than Twilight
I think you missed a pun.  The body dimensions of the Integra are NSX of the Civic SI.
that 10k.     you can save.   on your Grey beard.     😂
This is not an Integra get this whack ass thing out of my face
If only Honda/Acura would give the civic/integra the 10 speed auto trans instead of that terrible CVT it’d definitely be the car to buy.
Thanks for being realistic and not being polite Canadians 😅
Heres a car that doesn't know what it is. Its lost its soul and is an Integra in name only. Way to go Acura, the legacy models that made your brand exciting are being dismantled one by one. Would love the Legend revived but I'm afraid to ask as I'm sure you'd butcher that one too.
This Integra is missing a 2 door version, a larger motor and pretty much everything that made the original great. With any luck, they beefed up the clutch to handle more boost. otherwise this is a disappointment.
Looks like a cop car.
Thanks for another great video. No matter how nice the nice stuff is it can not over come the Rev-Hang. I have sold cars just to get away from that BS! It ruins the entire driving experience.
Lmao
I will review this out
I’ll take the Civic Type R!!
I honestly think this is gonna be a flop. Is 40k... Is slow, looks meh... You get 95% of the car from an Si and you get to save a ton of money.
My final opinion on this car. First thank you throttle house for a great review. The problem enthusiasts are having is that, this car should be MORE than what it is in every department. From styling, horsepower, transmission, infotainment. The best thing about it is the 6 speed manual transmission.   We know what it should have. A DCT and 6 speed manual option, styling cues from the NSX and third Gen Integra, the front fascia needs to be re worked. 220hp, 195torque, the hatch can stay, give us the interior from the TLX with the floating centre console for the auto. Wheels are ok. And there’s your A Spec.  Integra TypeS needs to be at least 320hp done. Whoever is the product planner at Acura needs to look at what Audi and Mercedes are doing and DO BETTER!!! This was to be my next car. I’ll use that money and buy a used C43 wagon.
ACURA SCREWED UP BIG TIME !!!! AS AN EX GSR AND TYPE R OWNER I WAS ECSTATIC TO HEAR OF A NEW INTEGRA....UNTIL IT WAS RELEASED!!! ACURA LISTEN UP !!!! TRY AGAIN!! WE HATE THIS CAR ITS NOT AN INTEGRA....FOLLOW THE RSX/INTEGRA DNA OR THEME  AND YOU WILL RECIEVE FINANCIAL GAINS !!!!  CANCEL THIS "INTEGRA"
They just need to make the Acura STD everyone would buy it
To be honest...the new integra isn't that bad! It focuses on what the first gen integra was slightly more luxurious and heavier civic it was four doors fun but people are complaining about how it didn't follow the 2nd gen a 2 door coupe so even though I like the 2nd gen more...i dont think this is a bad car especially if they release a type r version that would probably compete with the likes of the new Buick regal GS
40k is a lot for a car that’ll get gapped by everything. Lol
1:03 ah yes, the truth.......
Such a fanboy of Throttle House! Thank you, gents for the honest review!!
You got my thumbs when you said, "The scum bags at Nestle."
$40k for a 1.5 😒
This is not the integra we were looking forward to. Just a rename of ILX and CSX prior.
Watch the Acura Integra world debut video it's hilarious total crickets.
AWD would have set this apart. And a power bump but at the least awd. Totally missed opportunity.  I don't think it'll sell all that well unless they keep production numbers low
The thing about CVTs is they don't feel sporty, but they do accelerate faster than traditional manual transmissions! My friend has a Honda Civic with a manual and my Nissan Altima with a CVT consistently smokes his Honda. Not because I have more power. We have roughly the same power but even though his car is lighter than mine, he can't overtake the CVTs acceleration!
At 60k miles I bet the AC compressor goes out and starts oil dilution
Not interested in the least in this new Integra. It has no family resemblance to past Integras. Even if that wasn't a big deal, it really is not a fresh look. More like a warmed over TLX. Acura could have made this car special. But they didn't.
gussied up Civic Si.. not even close to worth it.  this replaced the ILX which had a better engine/trans.. and that was $26k.. SMH.
This is what make Genesis different from Acura and Lexus even all the other luxury brands cos the value for your money is not there like Genesis… it’s not fair and a basically they taking advantage of the name badges to justify outrageous car prices just insulting at this point
im so disappointed in this car
The red seats look like Michael Jackson's Thriller video jacket
They should have used the accords interior and 2.0 engine....it would have made it better...is the types S or R in 2dr trim?
1.6 liter. cvt. for over 40thousand no thanks
Overpriced and underwhelming, what did you do Acura? This should have been based on the 2 door, made as light a feasible and given a traditional Honda NA engine with stratospheric redline and made a manual only. They wouldn't have sold a ton but I'd like it much more....
Nah. Without being told or seeing it on the bumper, you'd never guess it is an integra. Womp womp.
"loves to rev" yeah my 1.2 panda can go to 6.5k remember when a nice 2.0 civic would go to 9k ?
😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂, BUT BRILLIANT 💥👊👍😎 REVIEW! WELL DONE !!!! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Over priced Hondas is Acura and Nissan has Infinity as Toyota with Lexus and Hyundai with Genesis however  The interior with Hyundai and Genesis you are paying for that better quality with Genesis  unlike the others
Why does it look like you were green screened in?
Acura has a massive product strategy issue. A more upmarket version of a car should not have made the cheaper version (Si) more desirable.
Acura is becoming the new Buick.
My kia forte GT is better then the new tsx/ilx/civic si
It’s an ok looking car and has a nice interior but I don’t see the point of it. Having owned an integra before this car doesn’t do it for me at all.
Only rev's to 6500rpm ? Shameful Honda what the hell
40k? hell no.
The Acura designer said they had a clean slate to do whatever they want and how it must have all these things to be a proper Integra... and they still end up giving it the same corporate face like the rest of their line-up. It is also crazy that this car is practically Civic Type R money!  No one cares that it is based on the Civic... but it shouldn't resemble the Civic. What people really wanted out of this, to put it shortly, is basically a FWD 86/BRZ.  I also remember when Acura discontinued the RSX, they said drivers can get the less expensive Civic Si for the same needs... well, here we are again.
Complete POS disrespectful to the memory of the great Integra! if we have to lose manual transmissions in order to show this car is trash I’m down with it please don’t buy this car all they had to do was add a 2 L turbo but no they put the POS 1.5
I'll just keep my 98 Integra GSR, just passed 160k miles and still runs like new.
That was A-Spec tacular opening
Can't see sales being great, going to stop making them in 2 years?1 year? Just seems like if it was 10k less it would get popular but then whats the point of  Civic? its just a good car for too much money. ESL system is my favorite thing about this car, not enough of a reason to buy.
James being an alpha is uncomfortable.
I wish they would’ve went more the route of making a front Wheel drive BRZ/GR86 competitor with 2 doors and around 225-250hp
Pathetic looking wheels, how did that assignment go wrong?
Acura exterior design is like a wrinkly holiday blow up lawn decoration. It’s bulbous and round with the sharp wrinkles. They’re not edges, just a suggestion of shape on rounded panels.
And therein lies the rub: one buys an Acura for the premium features at a value proposition that simply isn't there any more. You guys nailed it: This is a great car, but it's biggest issue is that the value-add over the Civic Si is not present. They did not even distinguish it enough to make the Integra a worthy followup to the original one - give it a screaming NA engine with a high redline and then one can justify the badge.
man you guys are HILARIOUS!! Please never change! 😂
This never should have been based off the Civic, and not a 4 door. It would have been way better to have an Integra based off the TLX. Shorten the platform a bit so it's a 2 door coupe with 4 seats. Then it would have all the nicer things (looks, materials, engine, drivability, etc) of the TLX. That would also justify the price way more accurately! Acura really missed the boat on it.
The rear looks cool. The front looks ugly.
Compare this to Mazda 3 turbo I bet it will be close and Mazda might have better quality!
Integra is never meant to be a fancy car but it feels like it is being packaged that way now. I wish Acura would leave the manual for all trim levels but have a slightly higher price point than the Si. It will still be direct competition within it’s own brands but at least it will be more appealing to the buyers who anticipate what an Integra should be.
I could never see spending 37k USD for a 7.0 second 0-60. That's barely quicker than a 4 cylinder Toyota Camry:( Great review guys thanks for being harsh on something that needs scrutiny. It's the only chance we have of getting Acura to listen to it's potential customers!
They used the Integra name on a saloon/hatch... Jesus. Should be a sports car and only a sports car.
CVT?  And OMG @ @ !  What a piece of crap.
I love your channel. Watch it every day.
Nice to know my forte gt manual is half the price and has the same performance. Just wish Kia put a fuckin locking diff in it.
I once bought a Honda for a daily driver, and eventually made my way to Acura products.  I am so satisfied with these cars, that I will probably never buy another make.  However, my obvious bias does not prevent me from seeing that Acura has made some questionable decisions in the last years.
i was hoping it had vtec but someone is working on an engine like this 1.5 and pushing over 700hp
I love how the intro is part 2 of the Civic's Review intro 😂 Also, I don't know why, but I just don't like this car, I loved the DC2 and liked the DC5, but from every angle I just don't like how it looks, and that interior flex and cheap sounds, I don't know 😅 I think I would just buy a Civic Si 😅😅 Like it might be the same, but the Si is not trying to be a luxury car 😅
To much for that. I rather have the accord turbo
Acura really flopped hard on this car sad 😢
Absolute shame of a car for that money , looks hideous
It might not be exactly same output as civic. https://youtu.be/jRzDXRcIhFU
They really should have give it frameless door
unreal how much a dog these cars are here in 2022. so disappointing and uninspired.
I wouldn’t pay anything over $35k for this
No clue why anyone would choose this car over an Elantra N for the price.
The 40k failure
Not needed comeback
That's a hard sell for me. I'd MUCH rather spend the same on a used Audi S3 or way less for an Elantra N
if I'm paying 40 grand it should atleast have a v6 I know it's not historic or legacy but it really isn't
James really had NSX'ess of Acura puns
Honda should step up their game, they are going to struggle in this market where every manufacturer is bringing new designs and elements and priced almost reasonably. Honda vehicles are expensive and lacks modern designs.
Long story….hilarious video later….buy an SI hahahaha.  Great video fellas.
2, two many doors
Man Acura missed the mark big time on this one.........
EU just ruined all new cars by forcing speed limiters.
The fact that I live in the US and have to pay more for the SI for many less features is what drives me up the wall. I cant use my camaro as my daily (gas prices) I considered the SI but cant buy it cause of the rip off
A very good looking car…but very pricy though…
$40k for a 1.5L cow? No thanks.  I have a 2022 MDX aspec and I love it for a family mid sized SUV but I must say I’m extremely disappointed with the Type S and now the integra.  The integra needs the type s treatment for no increase in price imo
Lol both of those cars are just disappointments .. Save your money & get the new z for a little more LOL
Hmm. I can sit in the back of my 2006 CSX, and my clutch (STILL ORIGINAL) doesn’t sound like that. Guess I’ll keep driving it…
I certainly wouldn't spend more on the Integra A-Spec with Tech pkg just to get the manual. The base A-Spec should have had the manual option.  Especially when Honda decontented the US market Civic Si so bad and also raised the cost. The Canadian market Si amenity level should have been the default in all markets. Tbh, I even think the Civic Sport Touring Hatch manual looks better than the Integra, is almost equipped as well, and is the best value between the 2 by far. I really don't think the LSD is needed as a daily driver. If I was going to track my car and needed the LSD, then I would choose the Civic Si. Acura would NOT get my money. Hyundai might though with the Elantra N. The performance of the EN is pretty remarkable.
Car is trash af . Just seen one at dealer for $55k lol not a snowballs chance
Do you guys only do new cars, cause if not you should definently talk about the e60 M5 if you can get your hands on one.
So essentially an overpriced underpowered car.
200hp, 40k gtfoh
Probably one of the last sports car revies were getting. Lexus has nothing new comming, BMW finishing with the m2, then it's all hybrid/electric. Merc is all 4 cyl. ETC
Integra vs VW GLI?
Should have used the 2.0t and ten speed auto from the Accord.
"And this is the civic si" 😂
F*** this "Integra" and F*** Acura for this blatant cash grab for their dying brand. My favorite car I've ever owned was a 95 GSR and this can't touch that car in any way.
This front grill design is god fucking awful. As if it was designed by Hasbro.
It should have came standard with the 2.0 liter, totally disappointment by Acura. Its going to possibly have the same MSRP as the 2023 CTR which will have 100+ hp more... I am counting the days to trade my 10th Gen SI for the 11th gen CTR.
Integra used to be just a toted up Civic...40k for a Civic, even with upgrades, is a big No. At 25-30k I'd be looking...at 40k there are so many better cars and SUVs available.
Good luck finding an SI at MSRP. Dealers want 10k over.
Besides the 5th gen Camaro this has to be the ugliest comeback for a car ever.
Let me preface this by saying I have 0 interest in an Acura of any type. HOWEVER....once I see you guys post a video, they are so entertaining, informative and unbiased, I have to watch them. You guys are amazing and I've seen every single video you've posted. Keep up the good work! 😁
Acura hasn't made a decent car since the RSX or TSX
I thought that clutch sound was a pop and bang during your gear shift…. Sadly mistaken
Thomas gotta work on his puns
OG Integra was based on an Accord. I don't know why we seem to forget that.
"A Fancy Civic."
Bringing back iconic names and slapping them on something different than what they were is kind of a let down. I've owned two Dc Integras and still own an Eg civic hatchback, the jdm purist in me is disappointed.
I don't think I ever heard a clutch clunk on its way up
"Scumbags at Nestle".  F yeah. F Nestle.
The problem isn't that it's a reskinned Civic, the problem is that it's ugly...
My 10yr old Lexus IS has more power, less weight, and it’s smaller smh
You guys are awesome
Integra used to look distinct... Not anymore
In my humble opinion this Integra should get a much more powerfull engine for the money they are asking.
I was at a dealer yesterday and they were trying to sell one of these for $50k and they didn’t even just add “dealer adjustment” they added a bunch of crap to a brand new car. They wrapped the mirrors carbon, and added a carbon lip spoiler, powdered coated the wheels matte black, and other stuff to get to “$10k” worth of value. It was a nice car but $50k is bonkers. Edit: the carbon spoiler is stock and they tried to say it was added for dealer value.
I owned a GSR and a type are back on the day. To me this car is a let down. Why couldn't they put the 2.0T from the accord in there. Integra's had bigger engines back then so why not now......
The integra has always been an si clone, the problem is the extra two doors lmaoooo
For me, it'd be more of a tossup between this and the Mazda3 Turbo. The prices in Canada are similar. The Acura most likely handles better, and has a slightly more upmarket interior, but the 3 is a second and a half faster to sixty, and it's also awd (a plus for Canadian drivers). And as far as the choice between the Integra and the Civic Si, it's a no brainer. I don't believe the Integra is five to ten thousands dollars better than the Civic. Now if the Integra had the 250 hp 2.0t from the Accord......
I think I’d rather save $10,000 and go with the Jetta GLI. $33,745 Canadian and comes already loaded with adaptive suspension. Only thing you cant get is the heated steering wheel.
“It does dadadadada” “It wants to be punished!” James was having too much fun.
I'm really hoping this was just a soft launch for an upcoming GS-R or even Type R model with the Civic type R 2.0. Lord knows there is market space for it with the demand for the CTR.
In my eyes, I can see why Acura brought back the Integra in this form and why it brings up so much controversy. This is an “Integra” in the purest form as it fulfills the objective of the 1st generation. That objective was to expose a young generation to the Acura brand and undercut the German competition. But nobody cared about the first generation, as it was the second generation that really brought Acura to legendary status. So for Honda, they thought it was acceptable to bring back the Integra back this way, as rebranding a Civic Si to an Integra then giving it a hatch. Seeming a lazy attempt but it fits what the Integra always has been, excluding the GSR or ITR: a nicer and sporty-er Civic.
There's no point to this car, $40K and the 1.5t at 200hp LOL...
Acura makes shit sports cars
People need to understand, it is 100% certain a Type S will be coming.  The question is what will people complain about on that one? Price im guessing.
This should’ve came with the 2.0 turbo out of the accord.  Way too underpowered for the price.
The biggest let down 😂
i like this car overall but yeah i dont think they did enough to distinguish from Si
This feels like an Ad?
yeah I think it´s really better to buy for a little bit more $ a Accord with 2 L Turbo and 10 speed Autom., more car, more HP and a good Autom. transm.
To me, the Civic SI is flat out better looking than the Integra and I don’t see a single reason to get it.  It’s ugly, it’s not nice enough to justify the price increase, and it’s an Acura in 2022.
Excellent review like always guys. I really love your honesty. Finally a review that points out that this is an overpriced Honda Civic SI. Other YouTube reviews praise this car and say it's a major step over the Civic SI.   I also live in Canada and yes, we do get the heated seats and other goodies that are not available in the US. So purchasing an Acura Integra in Canada seems kind of pointless. Going to wait for the redesign Honda Accord  hopefully in the next couple of weeks.
Two skits in the same video? Now you guys are just showboating. 🙂
This car sucks. It’s not entirely it’s fault, the civic sucks. 1.5l with 200hp in 2022? LOL. Maybe for 20 grand, not 37…
The fact that there is no summer tire option on the Integra (in the States, anyway) is just horrid. Sure, you can buy some in the aftermarket, but you shouldn't have to.
What is the point of Acura?
hmmm... Kinda wack.
Hard skip for me. Saying it's "Wider and longer" is a silly thing to say when it shares the exact same wheel foot print. I'm ok somewhat with the division, people are complaining about stripping out the adaptive dampers from the Si, but I actually don't mind that.
Soccer moms in there baby buggy suvs will be blowing your doors off.
This car was never an example of the Integra name or plan. Integra was always DOHC compared to Civics SOHC, sleek compared to more pedestrian, sportier and harder edged, and looked like a totally different thing than a Civic despite sharing much.  This is a fatter, uglier, slower Civic with the same powertrain and completely forgettable EVERYTHING.   Strike out for Acura on all counts. We might see a Type-R variant with the 2.0, but at that point we'll have the Civic R, and I doubt anyone will care enough to shovel out 50k for one.  Lame badge revival at its best. Acura lost the plot loooong ago.
If Acura chop  off two doors and add a bigger  turbo and make it lighter give it a facelift
"And we've got 'Pure Life' by the scumbags at Nestle."  LOLOL
looks good for an ILX but i’d like to see a coupe
The only smart thing Honda/Acura could have done is come out with integra type r and not sell a civic type r.
I got one of these two weeks ago, and let me tell you seeing it online doesn’t do it justice, in person it’s a beautiful car and the interior is actually very comfortable
Acura went back to the old route, like the 1.6el to civic exl, ilx to civic ex...Etc ...This is just a repeat of ilx route not an integra. Eventually the room of price negotiation will be more, otherwise no one will buy this
Can't lie, it looks good in black
Nah, too expensive for what you get. I'd save and get the type r instead
in today's episode of "car enthusiasts don't understand that car makers exist to make money and won't do a bespoke build for a niche sport sedan that will sell peanuts compared to their crossovers"...
Well done Always Sunny inspired intro
In the end I agree, I would go with the Honda Accord. I think it’s a better car especially with the 10 speed automatic transmission.
Same question I would ask. Why it is much more expensive than Civic si?
So with inflation, a US GS (130 HP) sedan seemed to have an MSRP of $16,700 USD. Using the BLS inflation calculator, they're estimating about $36,200 in 2022 USD. Doesn't seem that outlandish. Perhaps boring given Acura/Honda has other options in that price range, but the base engine Integra never struck me as super exciting.  Now to watch the video.
I just wish Acura released the RSX again, in coupe form with a 5 speed manual OR 6 speed manual and a DCT option.
Interesting that with the Integra you can only get the top trim with the manual, whereas with the WRX you can only get the top trim with the CVT
That intro.
So basically get an si
trash......gonna be a hard pass on this one
much happier unsubscribing from the straight pipes and watching u guys
no.
Twenty years ago I happily walked into an Acura dealership and bought a brand new Acura RSX S-Type for $22k.  Bigger NA engine that made the same hp as this, higher revving, 6 speed manual, fully loaded with leather and sunroof and it had a LSD, ABS and airbags.  For this? I would just get the Honda version and save $$$. Unforgivable that you can't get a manual with the Honda though.
My 17 GTI would smoke that. 🤣😂
Keep in mind the $5k - $10k markup the America Honda Dealers are charging for the Si… the integra might be a good deal if you can get it at MSRP.  I hate dealerships!
Raise your hand if you’d take this over a 1998 teg….. as nobody raises their hand..
No no no no no no no no no! What a waist Honda and Acura are a joke. New POS, I am Just Angry noW. It the Honda civil integra Si. Dude, not even the Honda Civic SI is a Honda Civic SI. Just a bunch of plastic crap 💩 With Honda and Acura badges place on them..It like we’re In the 70s again and this is the new Gremlin. I am DISAPPOINTED because I knew this was going to be a joke. Honda and Acura are Lazy AF. This is a representation of the world today. Smoke and mirrors. Gutless trash. Back to the Damn drawing board with this $40,000 joke.
Great review! fooknestle
The messed up on this what a let down same with the new NSX what a shame
😂🤣
The Integra shd have been equipped with the 2.0t motor from the Accord to make it a gentler version of the civic type r
This is just a new generation of ILX. The price is insulting for 200hp, a new BASE CAMRY has more horsepower than the integra. For $40,000, there is a LOT of more powerful and dynamic cars on the market, especially used.
Im North Jersey I've seen no less than 10 new ones and these just went on sale this month. It's going to be a hit
C'mon type S!! Give it to us!
IMAGINE SPENDING $40K for 200hp
40k for a 200hp 4 cylinder, meh
Y’all are doing just a bit too much with the antics in the beginning. Just my opinion
Need the old school vs new school video soon
You really don't have to make the funny joke scene at the beginning of each video. It is just so unnatural...
Its an ilx n everyone knows it
To quote Zorg (Gary Oldman's character in "The Fifth Element"): I.  Am.  Very.  Disappointed!
POS
The extra money is worth it for just the looks. The Si is ugly AF.
Can you guys please do that water test in all your future videos? I think it's a very important and insightful part of the review.
😂😂😂😂😂 hilarious as always
You guys have some Legend-ary intros!!!
You all are awesome!  The car isn’t , total sticker job. Oh well.
Love the bad puns!!!!
Is it just me or did that intro hit a little too close to home.. ;-;
The 2001 4 Door GS-R was $22,600 MSRP ($38,200 today money)  the 2001 Type R was only $24,450 MSRP, ($41,000+ today).  So at lease they have not tried to take too much advantage with customers.  I am guessing a Type R will be available at the $40k+ mark in a year.  Much better to wait for that.  However the best deal is was last gen SI IMO.
10000 more you can get a scat pack Dodge Challenger or a Lexus IS 500 and I like Honda when you grow up poor you appreciate things that don’t break so I would get the Lexus!🤯🔫👍🏼
Meanwhile, you can get a Golf R for around the same price. Honda fails again.
"dirty little bastard"  Man that got me cracked BTW i just uploaded a vid of the details of the Lamborghini Urus Check it out
4 cylinder- I’m out!!! 😔😔😔😔😔😔
Looking at history integras also got the type r/s love, so do you you think this will get one?
If you want the Manual transmission there is no point getting the Acura. But if you want the CVT which most people do. It’s worth it over the civic at any trim. Acura knows most  people don’t buy Manuals, so there thinking is ok if you want it you will have to buy the top trim, which I don’t blame them for. It has to make business sense to still put a Manual transmission nowadays. You want the Manual you won’t get a striped down car with no features and that makes sense to me.
No Filter James is hilarious
#jamesisabully
Sadly this car seems like it was better off not being made
It’s a blasphemy to call that an INTEGRA. 1st car I ever bought was a DC2 . What a thing of beauty that was !
This car in top trim $52k after all fees and taxes. Thats a hell no, the tlx is only 3k more at that point.
They should have made the Integra similar to the one we all know and love. It does not look like an Integra. It looks like an ILX. I would never pay $40,000 for this.
Once again, Acura demonstrates why it shouldn't exist. Shameful.
Yeah if you’re gonna spend $40k for an Integra, why not just pay an extra $5k and get a used Civic Type R or wait for the new one… probably a WAY better car
Ohhhh that clutch is groooooss
longer wider and heavier than the civic? with the same engine? pass...
I'd rather buy a base cadillac ct4
What was the designers thinking when they design rear head room for a person tall like 5 foot 7....!
Why do people now a days say high revving and they only go to 7k rpms. This acura red lines at 6.5k rpms that's not high revving lol
Too freaking expensive for what it is.
Homies. I love chortle horse.  :B
came here for the Nestlé shade
By the scumbags at Nestle hahahahhah
Wow, adaptive dampers, just like the 2017 SI.  Then they take them away from the SI altogether.
You can get a FULLY loaded VW Golf GTI for the same money. Why would anyone buy this?
Scumbags Nestle lmaooo
If Honda would have decided to develop and produce a 2 door, high power, high reving sports coupe with all kinds of OG Integra DNA... I would have most definitely, no doubt about it bought one! If I for some reason couldn't afford one, I would remortgage my house! I'm 44... The OG Integra Type R was my high school obtainable dream car that I would... Well... Dream about! A '95 Integra GSR was my 2nd car and my first real tuner. The decision to do what Honda has done completely blows my mind and is a HUGE disappointment. Why? Why did Honda do this? Why did Honda throw away such a big opportunity? I was ready... Several of my friends were ready... We were all ready to buy a new Integra Type R the exact minute they became available. This Integra is a shame. It's a crying shame. That's why I'm buying a Nissan   Z. Even though I promised myself that I would never "settle". Thanks a lot Honda!
For the price this Integra doesn't make sense..
Just get a g70. As a matter of fact, I'd take an elantra N over this
Anything less than 2 L engine in there is a sacrilege, why do you even bothered making it.  Can't buy a decent car anymore,
No. Historically it isn’t a reskinned civic. It wasn’t until they were renamed the RSX (DC5 chassis) that they were similar. They weren’t even called the integra in this country anymore. And, they were immediately so similar they cancelled the RSX shortly after.   Different engine and transmission. Different suspension. Different brakes. Are we calling them the same because they used the same window switches?   The civic Si had a 1.6L engine while the integra had a 1.8L. At least in the late 90s. I don’t recall all of the specifics.   The integra was never a full sedan, and the 4 door integras were pretty rare.
$40k, they can't put a Type-R engine in it... Acura fails again
I see this as a civic hatch sport touring competitor more than an si competitor
Thanks for the vid. Great as always. All "issues" with this vehicle would be nil if it came with the 2.0T from the Accord/RDX out of the factory, including the transmission options of said motor. Not sure why it was decided to put the 1.5, but most likely profit margin and/or emissions regs. IF a Type S comes out, I doubt they would up it 2.0T. A little sad that they would use the Integra name on what is essentially another EL put together by the bean counters at Honda.
Let me clear this up. The integra offered more power , better brakes and handling in the 90s over the civic it was based off of . This integra performs worse than the honda and costs 10k more . Just like the tlx vs the accord. Acura is a waste of money aside from the mdx base . I sold them for 6 years and since 2008 the hondas have been a better choice.
Hondata is saying 234 hp on their dyno testing btw. Also  more torque than the Si. Si is saying 222 hp on their tests
Hmm, rear looks like genesis coupe from some years ago. Besides that, great car.
this may be a sin but per american $ I'd rather have a mid-spec RDX over this.  I'm a save the manual fan and love the new Z but hard pass for me on the Integra.   I already have an ND Miata as our 3rd so the RDX makes more sense for our 2 kids + dog use case.  A base 4 banger G70 might also make more sense as well.
Here's the thing Thomas, am I really watching trothl house? or just commenting and watching something else.
this might be the worst nostalgia car return in recent memory
This car proves why luxury cars makes up 50% of profits from only 12% of total cars sold in the car market.   TOP GUN 2 MAVERICK | Ending Dogfight Battle https://youtu.be/WALQSCUDzY4 INTERSTELLAR Main Theme Guitar https://youtu.be/xfB4Ez9IaI0 Killing Arasaka... | Cyberpunk 2077 Rebel Path Guitar MV https://youtu.be/X3_JrXwr4k0
Good looking car. But from I gather, should have been at least a 2.0T with manual or non-CVT auto option, and more options in each trim level. Shame that it misses the mark.
Please, it's CAPTAIN Jack Sparrow Black
Scum bags at Nestle 😂😂😂😂
The front end just basically looks like the front end of a civic
Overpriced, just get an Accord 2.0T , cheaper, bigger and better.  Acura just has no identity, compare Lexus to Acura and it's embarrassing.  Acura needs to fire soooo many people or just have the whole brand thrown in the trash, they produce nothing but disappointment after disappointment
For its price this needs a power upgrade over the civic. I'm 8 months in to waiting on the mentioned golf r. If I could get a meaningful "type s" for the same price as the golf I'd have something to think about. Instead my wife's dct gli is an even bigger argument against this. It's a shame. I grew up absolutely loving my dad's gsr
So glad I got my 2020 si....seems it was the good deal and not a rip off
I work at a honda dealership and my coworker bought a white one....when he drove up i thought it was a civic hatchback.....interior color is nice but it feels like a civic .....he let me drive it and the 2nd gear red line is nice....he is getting tuned up right now
Honestly Acura isn’t worth it. I’d personally just go for a Lexus RC or something
This is the first time ive seen u guys. THIS WAS SO HILARIOUS…..I immediately subscribed lol. “Well that made me uncomfortable” that was hilarioussss
I am stealing Thomas' Limited Slip rant and emailing it to everyone at GM. I have been hounding them to put the transformational LSD on the Chevy Bolt electric car. That little thing has a ton of torque that is almost unusable because of wheelspin. One wheel FWD burnouts _are not cool_ !   If they had added LSD, a couple decals, "sport" steering wheel wrap, and maybe a cheesy little wing those things would have flown out the door instead of languishing on dealer's lots, ultimately being marked down $10k and more.  Too late now, but back 3-4 years ago they really had a chance. Blew it. Mach E- genius, sell all they can build. Same car with a hypothetical Fusion badge would be cancelled already. Sport(-ish) sells.   [No, I don't sell cars. Just an EV advocate who hates to see EVs promoted ineffectively. RIP the amazing Gen 2 Volt. Love my Lucid Air GT]
Those "scumbags at Nestle" hahaha well played
The drl makes the car is reminiscent of the Rolls-Royce Cullinen and the seats look like they were optioned by deadpool
Boring car
But can it be k swapped
OMG THE OPENING “priced it ACURA-TE” so good lmao
id love to see the stats on people willing to buy an intergra at 40k
Still the civic is making only 222hp and the integra is making 235 hp
In the US: The Civic Sport Touring starts at 30,050 and an Integra starts at 30,800...an Aspec Integra Starts at 32,800...so not sure where people are getting that the Integra is a MASSIVE Amount above a Civic....the Si is cheaper Than the sport touring giving the Sport Touring the Si engine would make it as much as an Integra smh
Nestle are scumbags
That rev hang would be a deal breaker if I were looking to buy something like this, it's atrocious.
Ngl it's a nice car but like 37 grand and it's a front wheel drive?
How much yall wanna bet thomas knew the difference by the cheap crinkle of the  CLEARLY unergonomic plastics from nestle. 😁👌
BUT ITS NOT A COUPE!!!!! Senna would be rolling in his grave!! ARGHHH, It would have some redeeming qualities if it said  I-Vtec on the engine, if there were a Type R on the horizon.... but we Honda fans all know deep in our hearts, thats it's not coming, and neither am I.
I’ve been on the fence about this Integra and kind of thinking about getting it. I just bought a ‘22 ILX Aspec last year. For me, the manual is just not a smart choice for my job. So it would have to be the CVT which I know isn’t as good as the 8 speed DCT in the ILX. But do the rest of the bells and whistles make it worth upgrading now? Or wait my normal 5 years between cars and get an Audi A3 or Lexus ES in the future?
I was actually thinking…”he’ll totally be able to tell by the bottle shape!”
The reason it says Integra on the front is so you know what car it is when you pass it in your rear view mirror.
I’ll take a 90s gs-r over this still lol
I'm not that impressed with this integra..looks good it has its perks. I'd rather go with the civic si from Canada..I'm already looking forward to the 2nd generation integra, maybe it'll be better.
I thought that license plate said CUMM
If you would've put "Integra" in air quotes I would have liked and shared this video...
maybe its just the blacked out car... but honestly it doesn't look good at all, looks like a generic fwd luxury sedan, the new Civic looks so much more aggressive and elegant... and the rear end is literally a Genesis coupe rear. it just doesn't scream 'luxury performance" at all, it feels like the civic already has that slight luxury feel, which i think is all buyers want. also the headlights fuckin suck, it looks like anime eyes. the teaser headlights/ the ones from the TLX are so much nicer
Vs RSX next?
I absolutely love Acura/Honda. Have one of each, but this Integra missed the mark. I'm glad they tried, but I figured when they mentioned the Integra reboot it would be like how Nissan did the Z or Toyota did the supra. Could we imagine how amazing a proper 90's Integra reboot would have looked, felt to drive, & the love of the vehicle would have been accepted? I'd buy an accord or Civic over this. I own a type R why not just buy that? Lol!
The answer for me is spend the same amount of money on the upcoming Civic Type R.
I’d get the Elantra N
40k for a rebadged Honda!? Uhm NOPE!
I think as time goes on, there will be more distance between this and the Civic. I’m pretty sure it’s like how Toyota and Lexus were very similar, but a few grille sizes later, Lexi looked quite different to Toyotas.
Throttle House's videos RDXtreme     I'll see myself out
What a horrible exercise in badge engineering. All we can hope is that nobody buys one to teach Honda a lesson. Please don’t buy one!!!
The Coupe body and a different engine would have made a much better buying proposition
The only thing this car going for is the name after is a dead 43k for a snail 🐌
A shame for the name Integra...
CL you later! There u go
That ain't no integra. Integra is light and nimble. Should have been build on a new platform like the likes of gr86 or nissan z.
The overpriced Acura Integra only makes sense at $40,000 if you compare it to the even more overpriced “luxury brand economical sedans” Audi A3, Merc CLA, and BMW 2 Gran Coupe. Otherwise, the $27,000 Honda Civic Si is a better value in every single way.
At 5:10 mark the physical dimensions just look so off on this car. The front end looks too long.
I can tell you right now the Integra isn't worth 40k. 5k more for just a manual transmission is a ripoff. Civic si is a better buy and you save a lot of cash. Or you spend 40k and get more car from many other options on the Market. Acura really messed up with the pricing.
They should have thrown the 2.0T in the integra. Then it would be worth the extra $$$
Its so sad where Honda has gone from where they started. Always loved Hondas but now lean more towards Toyota with all their GAZOO models. Honda has dropped the ball...again
No power increase. CVT standard. Fully loaded just for the manual. Almost 10 grand more in the states. No coupe option.  As much as I WAS excited for the Integra. I am greatly disappointed. The specs do not warrant the price at all. Might as well get the Civic Si or the 86BRZ
So, just get a Civic SI. Got it.
Reading these comments you can see why 2022 is so ridiculous.....the Integra has always been nothing more than a Civic, an ILX like the Integra and RSX was also just a version of the Civic. The Integra has been a 2 door hatch, 4 door hatch, and sedan prior to the current generation all things if you're online you could have easily. Looked up yourself.......LASTLY The Civic Si isn't the most expensive Civic the Sport Touring is....and it has less power than the new Integra or Si and has a CVT.....smh you can give people tons of information online and they still will believe nonsense lol human nature I guess
Typical Acura junk!
4 doors don't seem right. But then again they had 4 doors in the old version but they also had 2 doors.
I wish they gave it tlx style taillights it would give it more of a “modern rsx sedan” look
"Loves to rev" lol. I remember revving my b16b to 9k rpms. So much has changed.
Glad to see TH giving an honest review of the new Integra unlike so many other online reviewers.
They should've just called this the ilx type s. Fuck this dumb ass car
Honda/Acura failed this bad only way to make up for it is give us a ITR 2 door with a beast motor and only sell it in 3 colors yellow white black
I think the black on black really harms the design of this car.  This design thrives with brighter colors and it really is too bad that you can't get it in a Robin egg blue or yellow.
Lame….not bad….just totally lame.
40 grand, for this? The day of the affordable car is long gone.
For 40 grand you can get a GTI with a manual (or hell, even the excellent DSG) and chip it for what, 300+ hp? And it will be 20 times the car this is.
name grab....looks like all the other acuras....
I want a bloopers episode!
Yeah I guess that cars okay not worth the price they're asking an absolutely have to agree I would not purchase that car due to the fact that that clutch thump is horrible. And only a 1.5 L that is downright horrible... my Toyota Camry is faster than that car LOL
I think the Integra really needed the 2.0 Turbo from the Accord to justify its price. It didn't have to make as much power as the TLX or RDX, just that 240~250hp.
If they would have just called this the new generation ilx I don't think it would have caused that much of an uproar. Not sure why they re-skinned an ilx and tried to pass it off as the new integra and thought it would sit well with everyone.
Honda has completely lost their way. A slow, overpriced, cvt transmission, rebadged civic is not what people want in their luxury brand.
"Its a lot like Sainsbury's cheese" - the SI and the Integra .
That is way over priced, looks like ever other car out there, and slow as a snail 🐌
Toyota has an impressive GR line-up. Nissan properly refreshed their Z car. And Acura here… just reskinning the Civic Si… how sad. A good way to properly kill the Integra name.
Murdered out Integra from the factory. Then you complain it’s not normal enough lol
I get the comparison against the Civic Si.  For myself, though, I’m keeping my eyes open for a replacement/upgrade to my ‘17 Civic Sport Touring hatchback, and that’s exactly what the Integra is.  I also suspect that Acura is leaving room for a Type S like they have in their TLX and MDX.
If only the Integra had a power boost 🥺
I would just buy an elantra n tbh
It should have been a TH Extra video
Two door coupe for the love of God Honda and Acura make a coupe geeeeez but let’s be honest the good old Honda days are done.
And this... is the Civic SI 🤣 I was expecting comparisons but it still caught me by surprise. You guys are awesome.
Man these are car reviews I look forward to with the silly shenanigans and jokes 😂😂
Purelife by the scumbags at Nestle
I was stuck between this and the Elantra N….Very happy that I went with the Elantra N. It’s cheaper, with 275HP, Active exhaust, a amazing looking interior etc..  I would’ve went for the Integra if the interior was just a dumb down version of the TLX (Much like how the RDX resembles the MDX)
I had to stop my workout just to watch this
Again another car Honda screwed up!  Where are the coupe and naturally aspirated motors?
Love to see this vs the BMW 228i grand coupe
Car throttle is like a comedy channel with a little bit of car reviewing.
But you're stepping up from a mediocre H badge to an A
I can't believe Acura went with a CVT instead of the 10 Speed 🤦‍♂might as well spend the extra money and go for the TLX Type S
I was looking to buy this car but would only do so if they put the 2 litre turbo
So it`s an up badged Civic SI, Acura keeps messing up their legacy cars before with the NSX and now with the Integra
Sidenote: Barbossa was a prick. On all counts.
Great cold open. That little slap really pulled it together
It looks decent. but for that insane price tag they could have at least put in the 2.0T from the Accord.
There wasn't a single car enthusiast involved in this car's development. What a disappointment, if at least they put the civic type r engine, it would have a reason to exist.
Just drop the Acura brand at this point, the whole 'premium' thing is a joke.
The best part always: “AND I’M JAMES!”
Finally, JAMES gets 1 over on Thomas! 😂🤣🖤💛💚
Acura has so much potential, they just never give good sport cars, looks ✅, comfort ✅, luxury ✅, sport 👎
EPIC REV HANG
Sivic is VFM compared to this. I don't think The integra is worth it at least at this price.
I really wish they kept the wonderful torque converted 8-Speed DCT. This seems like a missed opportunity.
This is a dressed up over priced Honda Civic. Just get an Si and be done with it.
200hp for 40k. No thanks
It has more rev hang than my 2008 Accord with a K24 -_-
Lol give me an Alfa Romeo instead.
I find it so hard to believe that a company this large is so disconnected from the car community. How can only Toyota (and to an extent Nissan) understand the kind of cars most of us want to buy?
I personally don’t care about any of the goodies like heated seats, assisted shifting, etc. My 9th gen si doesn’t have any of that. And it can also do a burnout.
I honestly cannot tell it apart from the other Acura sedans currently offered.
Agree completely about the rev hang.  I test drove an Si and found it intolerable.  I've been driving MTs for 30 years and hope to keep doing so, but I'd rather have a decent AT or CVT(!) than deal with rev hang that bad.
What is going on at Toyota and Honda? Their prices and product provided are so divergent. The 4runner is a prime example for Toyota and most of Acura is like this for Honda. They slightly "upgrade" the Acuras, make them all look wayyyy too similar, then slap $15k on the sticker and expect people to pay. It's madness. The 4runner is like 2 gens behind the competitive curve and it's nearly $65k for a decent one. They are leaning on brand to make lazy innovations.
As with much of Acuras current lineup, this is basically completely pointless… buy the Honda equivalent or get an actual premium branded car
Ugly proportions just like civic.  Mazda3 turbo is best option.
The rear wheels look hideous disproportioned.
What an insult to Honda enthusiasts.
The Mazda3 especially the turbo, poops on this and is thousands less
You know you guys are great at comedy when your scripted bits are so damned funny.
"And this... is the Civic Si" 😂😂😂 👌  Nailed it! That face says it all.
The price seemed crazy until you see how much the civic is and remember this has to cost a premium to that. It is nowhere near worth its price though.
"I'm a pilot" Hahahahaha
$40k for a 1.5 lawnmower. Acura is betting on aesthetics over substance.
This car is definition of confusion
Didn’t get slapped for the puns this time dang
Ya 43000 for an acura Integra cheap bahahaha not cheap its a civic smh
well this is not Honda and i am not expect "sport capability" car from Acura. Acura made wrong decision to give it name of "Integra". If you want sporty car, go for Honda or another cars. Acura is just entry level luxury car and 1.5 liter Acura Integra is just hilarious. it's just passenger car and has nothing common of old Honda/Acura Integra, except badge. If you want good looking, good quality, luxury looking average car just for drive, then it's good. But again, this Acura integra has no relation to any sport cars available form other auto makers.
It lacks ‘the integra’ looks. sad..
40k dough naw I rather get the Honda Accord
Lotus Emira when?
Excellent review of a just ok car. I'd buy the 2.0 Accord manual all day long over this.
To get adaptive dampers, better seats and a slightly more opulent interior, as well as a considerably higher performance sound system and a hatchback body style with the increase in practicality that comes along with that, for the price increase over the Civic Si sedan, is well worth the extra cash I believe.
I don’t understand why Acura decided to bring the Integra back. Well, in one retrospect, they saw all these young kids saying they should bring it back, but these same young kids don’t even have enough money to buy the car. So what fan base was Acura aiming for??? Those who are old enough, like myself, to live through the Acura Integra timeline, aren’t jumping through hoops to buy this car, nor are we eager to get it in a manual. So Acura’s timeline with this car is very bad.   Also, it looks like a plain Jane sedan. There’s literally nothing special about this car, and for Acura to consider bringing it back, and actually doing so, is a major fail. It’s so boring looking that it already looks outdated. It’s about par with a Mazda 6, that’s how bad the design is.   I see Acura loosing a lot of money on this car. There are so many other cars that are better than this for the same money. A lot of people are buying a couple year old used cars because the used cars also have great performance, and when you can buy a used BMW, for example, that’s cheaper than a new Acura Integra, but the used BMW still provides a warranty and much more performance, it’s a no brainer.
I like the Integra. I'm not a fan of the hatch, but I would except it because I get Kia Stinger vibes, not in the look, but the hatch while still being a sedan-esque sportback/liftback.  All that aside, in the U.S., the Integra A-Spec Technology Package 6-speed manual would be our Canadian-spec Civic Si as all of the features of the Canadian-spec Civic Si are in the U.S.-spec Integra A-Spec Tech Pack. I would still buy the Integra especially with these gas prices.  The question remains, what will the Integra Type S bring next year with version 2 of the revamped 2.0T Civic Type R engine: More power over the newly incoming 6th gen Civic Type R? An additional 6-speed manual transmission? Front and rear 4-piston Brembo Brakes? Sportier leather bucket Recaro seats? Rear wing Spoiler? First time ever SH-AWD for the Integra in North America? I think SH-AWD is the most asked thing by people most likely in the snowbelt states and Canadian territory to want AWD in everything. Regardless, there is so much more potential for the Integra with the Integra Type S and if Acura finds a way to add Super Handling All-Wheel Drive to the Integra Type S next year, I hope of the AWD folks pay for it and don't cry about the price when they announce it what it will cost for an SH-AWD Integra Type S. Don't be crying about that 300+HP, (maybe) the return of the DCT from the old ILX into the Integra Type S (since the automatic transmission community is too soft to drive a manual transmission), and AWD is too expensive for your wallets. You all ask for that.  Personally, I'd be okay with UH-FWD, Ultra Handling Front-Wheel Drive (inside joke I just made up 🤣), 300+HP, and a 6-speed manual transmission fully loaded for an Integra Type S even if it means saving some money from a boring automatic and SH-AWD. Then again, most mass market car buyers aren't enthusiast car market buyers no way.
Acura just needed to sell left over ilx so they tarnished the name “integra”, this new one is ugly and has zero character, the old ones at least had their own character
At that price range you want a 2.0T
The 40,000 dollar fuck up in my opinion nobody wanted this the type r is a sedan we didn’t ask for and now the integra is a accord just with a Acura badge
They Belive we aré Stupids .... Ajajajajajajajajajajajaj is tje startup of the end
Please please please try to review a KIA Forte GT. It's a direct Civic SI competition with 201hp and 195 lbft torque.   Comes in either a 6spees manual or a 7speed DCT  Either trans are a blast and the car has so much value for it's price....  Witch is about 3-7 grand less than an SI depending on trim level
I wouldn't expect much from these manufacturers for the next two years with recession problems, they're going to be cutting costs at anything.
Sheesh. You guys are definitely harsh on Acuras. I have a TLX Type S and I was almost offended by that video lol.
In short it seems to be exactly what most of us figured it would be, which is nothing there to make an enthusiast shopping to want it over an Si. Not to mention the hugest blunder by Acura making it larger and heavier than the Si.  Man, Acura just always seems to get it wrong. They should just stick to SUVs these says
Why would I choose to spend 40K+ for a 1.3 liter 4 cylinder with only 200hp when I could spend 40K+ for a 5.0 V8 Mustang GT.......? Yeah I'm gonna go with Mustang if I want fun to drive and power if I'm going to spend this much money.
100% agree this is just an overpriced Canadian SI hatchback! PERIOD.
Have a good day everyone
I hate that the Integra is the only reason that the Si lost so many features.  We all know it's true.  It's not inflation, chip shortage or building to a price point because the Civic Touring got it's full feature set with only a modest 500-dollar price increase.  The Si increased in price over 2000 dollars and lost features just so they could put it in this car and upcharge the American Enthusiast over 8,000 dollars.
Just get a gli
What they could have done with the car was not take a civic and make it look like every single one of their other cars but slap a Mercedes c class rear end on it and call it an Integra... They could have been a lot more creative decent car I guess but I would definitely buy a Civic SI over it💯
I like to think of the new Integra as a Civic SI with an excellent sound system. ELS doesn't mess around, and if you're an audiophile, it might be worth the price point. Might carrying a _lot_ of weight there. I'd probably just skip it and go for the TLX, which is starting to get around teggy price points used.
Been a Hondafile forever, but the company pushed me towards Porsche. Honda is selling premium basic cars. You're paying for fit and finish, nothing else. Except for the type R, of course. The Hyundai Elantra N goofs on every Honda sedan.
btw do anybody knows this engine code ? i wonder if is a new 1.5 or if is still the D series with a turbo. anybody knows ??
I don't know, not feeling this car. Looks too... generic and uninspired to me
First 5 seconds...PUNS. You guys are the best.
Where is the coup?
great video guys as always... y'all the best lol. my only complaint is why acura did not bring the 1.8 engine turbo since that was the difference powertrains between civic & tegy. but same engine really smh acura. 1.8 turbo with 220hp tremendous in my opinion but 1.5 remind me of early 90's civic honestly.
Aah the humor. 😂
they should have put a bigger turbo on it at least,,,would have given it more of it's own identity
So basically just swap the seats into your si and save thousands, lit. I’m sad to say Honda doesn’t really impress me anymore. They need to make a really good type s to make a comeback
Acura doesn’t listen to their customers, as a enthusiast of the brand, I am very disappointed.
Hopefully the Type S has sh-awd with a manual. I would maybe consider it over a Type R.
How are you supposed to ring the crap out of it like every other honda, when it revs to 6,200 ?!? Thats everything other car. Most people like hearing the rev limiter hit a little higher like idk 8,000 in the 06 k20z3 si, maybe 8,300 like the og integra. This one gives you 6,200... wow. Not a good engine choice. It will hinder sales. Just buy a cheaper si n beat it. . . .
The water scene was an unexpected, and welcome, bonus.
This car needs the 2.0T from the Accord. And the automatic transmission should be the 10 speed, not a CVT.
I think most people don’t realize it is not the 90s anymore. Bubble economy in Japan back then was what made JDM so good because costs were not an issue. Nowadays Japanese automakers need to think about what make money to avoid bankruptcy. Family cars sell performance cars don’t. The only way to cut costs is through partnerships such as Toyota and BMW for the new Supra or Subaru and Toyota for the GR86. If Honda wants to build a 90s quality Integra, the only way they can do is collaboration with other automaker. Maybe a Honda-Audi Integra.
Irrelevant, pointless and redundant.
Eyyyyyy Genesis Coupe call-out! My first thought when I saw the press pics of the rear end. Being a Gen Owner 😂
Spoiled to choice aren't we?
aerk
Acura's doing something right because this new Integra is the first car my son has ever been interested in and actively wants to buy and drive.  He's about to turn 18 and has been completely disinterested in cars to this point. As a VW/Audi fan-dad my disappointment is immeasurable and my day has been ruined.  But you know, good for him.
Honestly not worth it. I would rather get a civic sport touring hatch for the extra savings and cargo room or a type r for the performance
$40K for a cvt 4 cylinder lol  i’ll spend $35K for the Elantra N which is twice as fast with a DCT. Thanks
absolute trash product as we knew was coming.
As an ilx owner, I do enjoy many aspects of the integra.  The looks inside and out are visually appealing.  With that out of the way, there are some things I dislike.  I have driven the new integra and must admit, I am not a fan of the engine.  .6 slower to 60 then the ilx and you can feel the difference.  I do not want a cvt or a manual.  The cvt is .9 slower to 60 then the ilx.  There should have been a dct in this car.  Yes, gas mileage, yes smooth drive, yes cost effective, I get it.  I want a sporty car, with some punch and I should not have to buy a type s model.  Honda/Acura had an opportunity to do something special, but fell way short, opting for the cost effective route.  For the first time in 10 Years, I  am considering a different brand.
I Rather get the lighter civic si, also less expensive
That clutch sounds disgusting and unappealing to drive. Can't wait to see dealership mark up price around 50k and just laugh at people that actually buy this.
That rev hang is a dealbreaker, such a shame, this car is being compared to a legend from a different Acura that hasn’t existed for a while now. It’s not bad from the look of it, just not great and therefore the price is unacceptable.
I like my integra to be a coup, not a sedan.
200-HP for 40k ? HAHAHA
Damn talk about a Cadillac ct5 design copycat lol
The issue is the engine. The integra has always been an upgraded civic...with a much better engine. This should have had the 2.0t from the accord not the 1.5 shit box engine with a cvt
What an epic fail and missed opportunity for the integra to be something great again.
Such NonSenX……..
I don’t think burn out in a front wheel car is the same as rear wheel. Can we call it a burn in if the car is a front wheel car ?
Considering for the MASSIVE price difference compared to the Civic Si, it's such a relative minuscule step up in Acura "extras", I think Honda has doomed the Integra as a value proposition, so much so that if there isn't either a major feature set bump up by the 2024 year refresh, or a hefty price drop, I'd be surprised if it gets past this model iteration.
Fiji water doesn't taste good and I'll die on that hill lol
There had to have been bloopers from that intro, and we must see them!! 😂 You could not have done that entire intro Acurately in one take. If you did, you’re both a Legend 👀
Honda should of made a coupe. Something like a cheap c8
I love you guys. No offence 😉
Acura/Honda should have installed the 2.0L turbo… completely pointless car
Damn Thomas lost a bar bet or something😂
Overpriced, underpowered, and therefore undesirable. Honda should scrap Acura it’s a failing brand, worse than Infiniti.
James is the King of Puns
This is as much an integra as much as the Mach E is a mustang
This new Integra is soo ugly lmao
I hope this car fails miserably. And Acura learns their mistake. Who ever at Acura thought to make this an Integra, they are scums.
I was hoping the integra would have had the 2.0T for the price they charge for the loaded Aspec.
This is the suckers' SI. Too expensive and too heavy. I'm glad I got to enjoy an Integra when the name meant something.
I build these in Marysville, they are complete trash. They are always getting repaired before they are sent out. We make shitty cars both Honda and Acura. Our quality has gone way down and most of us at the plant would rather have a Toyota.
Waste of money.   Plus I'm not a fan of them using the shift nob from a S2000
The advantage would be you can say you don’t drive a civic and that’s worth the extra price
Thanks for the review!  As an older person that owned a couple of early 1990's Integras, I now know how Mustang owners feel about the Mach-E,  while this looks like a great car I think it should have been called an ILX or RSX.
To me, this is jus a grocery getter that brought back an old name, nothing special
As an American who does't have access to the Canadian Si with all of the goodies, the US version leaves us with a half hearted shell of a 10th gen.  I agree that if both Si's were spec'd the same, it would be no brainer to stick with the Honda and save thousands of dollars. However to get it similarly spec'd, we're left with the Integra, which isn't a totally  bad option either. Ultimately we're given an unfortunate choice, upgrade to the Acura to get the niceties the American Si should have had - hatchback included, or settle with a water downed Civic for a fraction of the price. Basically Honda twisted our arm. Thanks a lot you fuckers....
Thomas needs a pundit to help him sort his puns out, he got no hope 😔
Best summary of this top trim Si so far. Excellent, excellent video.
Yeah 37k for that… hard pass chief
Integruuua
Big ups for the nestle slander
New top gear
You can have a Civic Si which is basically the same car for less, an Audi A3 with a better interior for a bit more, or a CPO Lexus or BMW that’s better overall for the same amount.
Hi james and Thomas
They should have put the 2.0t engine in that acura Integra.    C'mon now.. good job as always guys.guts.. keep moving forward.
All sedans should be liftbacks. It’s the only compelling part of this car, because the best parts are what it shares with the Civic. Imagine that Honda had given us an Si with the liftback body and Canadian specs. Maybe then Acura could finally go the way of the landline rotary phone.
We need a blooper compilation video!!!
Kinda sad to realize that you can get gapped by a CX5 Turbo for the same money 😄😄😄
For 10 grand more than the Si..    It needs a far better interior and a little more HP.
I just can't take it seriously without 2 liters of displacement but I'm not a Honda guy.
Thomas is Hot, there I said it !
Wouldn't the rev matching option solve the rev hang?   Also I've always heard rev hang is because of emissions but then why do other vehicles exist that are all round less efficient like the Mazda 3 2.5L?
Would rather have my top trim Acura to have an automatic transmission, especially if its basically a Civic.
WHY would they use the INTEGRA name and ruin it for a basic looking sedan that looks kinda ugly
I have a DB7 K20 integra. Yes it’s a sedan but it’s lightweight, fun, and not expensive to get into.  But THIS, is a pretty ilx.  To be honest I think the ilx WAS the hidden modern integra.   (Integra luxury experimental) - my thoughts
bring back the k20
I work for a Honda dealership, as soon as these showed up on the truck almost everyone agrees that this thing is ugly and not exciting at all, we have sold 3 so far and only to old rich guys with no taste.
Why cover a car that you obviously don't want to talk about? This was probably the lowest effort ever. I could do a better job with my phone and a puppy.
Why does Canada always get better features? Literally every car has better features in Canada!
Looks nice, but the only reason you're buying this is because Honda dealerships are jacking Civic Si prices through the roof and it wouldn't be that much more to just get an Integra A-spec instead.
You can get so much more off a used 2015 BMW 640i than a 2022 integra or 2022 civic si
Car throttle is like a comedy channel with a little bit of car reviewing.
5:11 my wife just got one, and now I have to try that!  Having an Integra in our driveway I can tell you: - the red interior is DOPE in person; - it sounds good when you’re in it, and even when my wife calls me on Bluetooth, her Integra revving sounds cool over my speakers; - there is a surprising amount of interior room in that back seat, as in 5” more than my WRX; - handling feels good; - while it isn’t the fastest car, if you go in sport mode you will have tons of fun merging and changing lanes in traffic; - I didn’t get annoyed with the clutch like they did, but the gear shifter itself clicks between gears so perfectly that you will be quite satisfied with that aspect of the manual transmission.  Definitely get the manual.  It’s like the opposite of the loosey goosey gear shifter on my beloved 2020 WRX.   New Integra is a pretty sweet little car, and my wife loves it!  Having only owned Subaru and Audi in the past, getting to drive her car is making me think about Acura next now that there is no WRX STI to lease anymore.
I have a serious question: When did Honda Interior become luxury???  The 2023 Honda CRV interior looks almost identical to the 2023 Integra interior which makes me think the higher level trim Civic/Accord will have the same Interior.....so again, when did Honda Interior become luxury?
I've seen some dealers asking nearly $50,000 for these.  That's crazy.
They completely destroyed the Integra. I used to own a 1992 Integra LS Special and it was an incredible car and completely Acura.
Unfortunate to see that in Honda’s own line up the Integra isn’t compelling enough to beat out other options. Tho, thinking about it the entry level luxury car has always been a tough sell for joint brands. ES or Avalon, Integra or Civic. Its been such a tough bout that Infiniti ditched the G20 almost instantly (based off the Sentra). Its a tough sell
Honda should’ve left the ILX DCT, i was seriously thinking of buying in that spec. No I don’t like my daily drivers in manual.
This car is garbage and water is wet
The intros alone are worth watching. the rest of the videos are just a bonus. Thanks for the good time,boys!
Been burned out for nine years now. It's time for a Integra coupe
Lmfao. This is $40K? Fuck right off Honda
They should have put the 2 litre from the accord in there.
It's not a horrible looking car, but I doubt this was originally an Integra.  It honestly looks like an ILX.  But when Toyota brought back the Supra, and Nissan upgraded the Z, Acura decided to rebadge one of their cars to one of their classics.  They really should have simply designed a new Integra from the ground up.  This rebadged ILX isn't dong it...
I was a defender of this car. But at 43k? Nope! Either go nuts on power. Or go insane on luxury. But acura went bland on both!  An Si makes more sense. Geez even a typeR!
civic sport touring w. manual is the way to go if you want a honda/acura hatch
The reason we don't like this car that no one is talking about is that the GSR wasn't just a reskinned Si, it had a B18 rather than the B16, that made more power and torque. These two new cars are mechanically identical, but the car is still heavier.
When I'm thinking I'd much rather have the Kia K5 GT over this, you know Acura dropped the ball.
Well, at least Thomas was a Legend for trying with the puns. Too bad he RLy didn't get any good ones.
Everyone needs to be made aware of the Chinese market Integra; this same car but with Civic lights and taillights. I'd take that over this ILX with Genesis Coupe rear end boring look. Someone needs to make a drastic body kit for this.
Integra shift knob: Can I copy your homework? AP2 S2000 shift knob: Sure, but don't make it too obvious
Just say it, the car is slow and ugly and disappointing.
Finally. A review that doesn’t try and gloss over what this really is. A Civic Si that is what the the 11th gen Civic Si should have been from the beginning, heated seats, adjustable suspension, things the 10th gen had but had taken away only so they can charge a premium for the Integra, and charge 10k more. They’re right. Unless you want a better radio, a CVT, or leather seats save your money.
Like the rev limit, but other than that, I can't call this thing an Integra. Just a regular acura to me.
So it’s basically a slightly more luxurious Civic Si. No surprise.
The reviews are hilarious gentleman. Please never change.
I’m sorry it’s how much? Paint it white and slap a type r badge on it and maybe.
Loved that intro!!
I don’t consider this an integra at all, mainly because it doesn’t differentiate itself enough from the civic. Like Thomas said, it doesn’t tickle me. There’s nothing desirable in this car at all. I feel like the integra name was brought back as a desperate attempt for marketing purposes. I’d rather get the civic.  -Proud owner of an Integra/RSX DC5.
I can't wait to see this on the road so I can point and laugh at the sucker who bought one.
Acura should  be ashamed off themselves  for releasing  ILX  AND NAME IT AN INTEGRA  I GARANTEE NOOOOOO ONE WILL BUY THIS GARBAGE a moped has 200hp now days what are you thinking  acura
They drop the 2 door Civic SI manual and come out with this?
Good cat
This is BMW 230i money.  Which is not a sedan, but it is an objectively better car in every other metric.
The Nestle comment was spot on as if you had let Thomas drink the water he would have detected the difference immediately. Although, the bit was much funnier the way it played out. That was one of the best openings I've seen.
This being a 40k car makes me appreciate Hyundai more figuring out how to offer the Elantra N for 30k
They’re starting to look like each other!
Dunno why you don't put the tall dude in the driver seat for every car... Would be helpful to know for us giants
The next shirt: "The things that are buttons are buttons"  Brilliant, cutting edge journalism 😅
But you could get a C Class for that money
What was Honda thinking when they didn't even dampen the clutch pedal sound? That bang noise is ridiculously loud. I thought it was hitting the dash for a good minute.
James, please never say that orange is handsome. Orange belongs in October and candy corn, that is it
This is so disrespectful of Honda to just whore out the Integra name without evolving the original design. they should of released an integra type R as a halo car that is a modern version of the 90s cars with the same bones. The integra was never a reskinned Civic!!
Hahaha the intro
The interior looks decent, I just wish the exterior had a more distinctive look and dynamic, ambitious visual design language - something more reminiscent of the old Integra. As it is it fails to catch my eye; it just looks like every other sedan on the road.
The taillights look like  Mercedes taillights.   Also love  my fav parts are James dumping water on Thomas.   And Thomas’s facial reactions and him laughing and he sang   Near  the end  so softly   1:07   1:20   1:38 him.  7:53 and finally 9:45
The constant nitpicking is so annoying.  The complaint about the sound of clutch take up really!?  I’ve driven manuals for over 20 years and I have never let a clutch release in that manner.
The reason they gave you the black one is that car cannot be uglier. So if they stealth it you can't see the ugly.
200 HP in a “sports” car. That’s 50 less than BMW is putting in their base models these days and only slightly cheaper. Yikes.
Fugliest car I have ever seen. Makes 4 series look like art
Is it just me or are modern Japanese cars also losing its shine they had in the 90's and 00's. This is a farcry from the old ones and feels like another run of the mill sedan
g70 over this civic si.
This video was an absolute marvel, top quality as usual!! Thank you! I would say I would be on the market for a new Integra if it was a SH-AWD coupé with a supercharged K24 with 325+ hp under 35K$ Canadian. Obviously this will never happen. Acura became an utterly dead brand to me after I bought the worst cancer in the automobile industry ever that they created, a 60K$ 2015 TLX, you know the one with the ZF 9speed auto? I almost hated this car as much as I hate trudeau!!!
So when I said years ago "We need to make sedans with liftbacks", I was told they don't sell and are noise and no one wants them. And here we are...
I just got a 2022 Mazda 3 Sport with AWD and the turbo, GT trim, and it falls under 40 grand with more horsepower and an arguably nicer interior with usable rear seats. And it has more horsepower (except no manual). I'd take the Mazda over the Integra, no question.
This is very much a nomenclature issue. I don't have the history with the Integra Type R that seemingly every other commenter has. To me, this car is really cool. It's damn near ideal. That's because I'm a normie. Yes, it's true that Integras are just Civics with a little extra, but based on the reaction, that's not how people see it.  I would love a sportback that's spruced up like this one. It's almost like a cheaper Audi a5??? Ish? Certainly in design. Sportbacks are the best sedans, lol. That's already a major selling point. However, that Civic hatch already has me. I suppose that is the problem. Civics this generation really killed it.
They took features out of the Civic Si to help justify the price increase. They shouldn’t do that, and should’ve really made the Acura better. The Type S, and I’m sure they’ll make one, should be 10K more, not an A Spec. I also think it’s wild they drop the dual clutch from the ILX and changed to a CVT. Crazy.
It's NOT an Integra!! Should have kept the ILX name!!
I drive a 2019 Honda Civic Sport and love driving it
Omg the clutch smacking the top of it’s travel, the rev hang, the weight— 40k? No thanks.
I would consider a proper coupe.
I didn't got a notification 😂❤️ Big fan 🤩
I truly don’t understand why this car exists if they didn’t want to put an actual effort into it.
The only person to buy this is a fanboy who needs to prove to the Honda community that they are  OG. If you  buy this , you better have a thick skin.
I know it's a European thing but it's why I always have gone for the Seat Leon over the Golf. Tend to get more spec but slightly cheaper squeezy bits. Mechanicals identical so I'd rather get the Leon. If I was over in the states, again I'd go Civic SI
2 minutes in and I’m already in tears. 😂
40k buys a Buick Avenir that humiliates this car in features and luxury.  Its a SUV but that Acura isnt in the Camaro range either. GM has been killing it recently, and Acura is a name that doesn't actually mean much except MORE EXPENSIVE anymore. JDM is really dead in the EV space, and its gonna take a heck of a marketing campaign to convince people to buy Acura or Lexus for top dollar anymore.
Not an Integra. It's a new ILX.
Wait I thought they said the new Civic was just a last gen reskinned Accord?
No.
Your upload times are all over the place, but as long as I get a vid while preparing breakfast, I’m always happy
The question is if luxury car buyers are willing to give up a luxury car powertrain to get the Honda Civic gas mileage.
Its crazy how honda and acura rely so much on commuter cars for profit that they cant just make a seperate car for enthusiasts. They make bank. Yet they wont "sacrifice" some money for a car we want. Reason i say sacrifice in quotes is because what if the product actually makes money. They wont know because they wont take risks.
Not gonna lie I laughed way to hard at the im a pilot joke 😂
I have a 2021 RDX so I am an Acura fan....this is not an Integra..It is a civic....my 18 yr old daughter agrees...she drives a 2017 Civic and is a JDM/Import fanatic...she would not buy this car, Type S or not...It is a Civic
The original 3rd gen integra had 1.8 liter motors of various amounts of HP to make it more powerful than its civic cousin.  If Honda did that again here with a slightly bigger, more powerful motor than the civic, then we’d have a conversation.  Right now, get the civic.
Are you getting the MDX Type S?
Thanks guys! I would love to have one of these but I’m gonna have to go with the Civic. It upsets me that standard shift used to cost less than an auto and they’ve gone the other way.   Used car prices prove there are enough enthusiasts not to kill the manual!!!
And I'm out. They are adding thousands to the price but not a single horse power? I've driven the Si, it's garbage. It's slow, has rev hang for days, and runs out of huff well before it's redline make it the opposite of fun. No thank you!
Eh.. No, thanks. Just Honda trying to capitalize on nostalgia and heritage. Feels like a money grab.
Too expensive for what it is compared to the si
😂😂
Unless you NEED awd, this is a no brainer against the german competition. Those easily push $45k with a few desirable options. $8k in savings right there…
Keep trying to sell it lol. Couldn't even get a 1.8 L times have changed for not the better for cars 😑
This new "Integra" is a far cry from the 2000s RSX Type S with the almost ~8000 rpm capable K20 engine that also got 200hp (but less torque), 6-speed manual, 1/4 miles in ~14.5s with only and Injen intake & real tires, and, almost able to do 450 miles on one tank (if you kept it at 60mph on the highway).  Had a black one and a white one - fantastic cars.
If your cross shopping the Integra CVT with the Accord Touring, get the Touring, better interior and more HP.  The fact that the Integra is an ACURA and you DONT HAVE ACURA INTERIOR  says all you need to know about the Integra.    I am more disappointed in Acura not for what the the Integra 'could be', but for what the Integra 'currently is'. Acura cut corners on everything they could from the interior,  exterior, and lack of HP.
You gotta really love the looks in order to overpay for this vehicle.
Man oh man are cars getting big
*I A-spec’t this video to be great!*
Long live the dc2 and dc5. This integra is atrocious
I hate how it just looks like any other Acura from the front, wish they made it look unique
Poor Thomas :D
I like the looks but for the price I think it should have the AWD from the TLX Type S
I'd say Acura phoned this one in, but that would be an insult to phoning it in...
Whoever buys this and shows up to a car meet dont be disappointed when nobody looks at your car or takes pics.   And dont be surprised the actual engine sound at 6400rpm is silent compared to a 24 year old 8200rpm  Bseries vtec engine.
The integra will imprez-ya!
It's meh
Another banger! Thank you guys for making this holiday better. Happy Sallah guys.
I’m holding my judgment on this car until Acura releases the Type S version. But so far the only complaint I have is the CVT.   I mean the ILX came with a DCT as standard so why not the Integra?
Would have been good if the power matched the looks.
Dear Acura, Thanks for manual car. But Pls offer more power.  Thanks,  Us
I like my Honda Odyssey. Powered sunroof, sliding doors, and electric back hatch. Can you all do a Honda versus Toyota verse dodge minivan video
Old integra looks much better
That’s too much money. Sounds cheap, with poor power.
C’mon Honda. It isn’t 1998 anymore. Give these cars more than 200 HP. Especially for 40k
The ILX is better. Not impressive
If you are new to throttle house, we do Dad jokes, Puns, and quite a lot of messing about!
Intro skit needed more Vigor.
“The scumbags at Nestle” LOL - funny and true!
The intros are getting out of hand
ACE INTRO 👏
People are making much a do about not much. Integra or RDX or whatever name for the compact Acura sedan is not that big a deal.
I am at a pool waiting for the racing to start. I am now laughing a few seconds in ... nice intro guys
That sure is a nice Acura TLX 😍
If you're cross shopping this with a Civic Si, get the Si. If you're cross shopping this with an Audi A3 or BMW 2GC or Mercedes A-class, then get the Integra.
Hey guys not gonna lie I bought a 2014 lexus IS350 that had a accident I honestly don't have the funds to get it repaired honestly as a student im basically screwed financially and wanted to know wtf I could do to possibly get it back on the road
Actually a good looking car, for the right amount of money.
Let’s go !
Fattegra
1st
1st
Wtf
Sleek looking car (def overpriced)✌️💖
3rd!
5th View!!
Nice
