Where did you get all that water from?  Is it tap water?
Its a faarret. and the one close is a fox.
You meteor shower would have been the Orionids.
The thing I would really want to see is an underwater maintenance like replacing the light bulb
I say that for the rest of the island you could build a bridge and build a shack for Ali and Bambam...Just to keep the safe in case of flying predators.
Bunny bioy owll
I love your project so much - just started watching it from the start.
Watched all the new videos and now I’m going back to these ines
Kommen auch in den Teich auch  Forellen rein
my guess is those ducks are not long for this world. binge watching so I guess I will know shortly
Thank almighty, I'm not a duck in OK!
Owl's name..is stake out
Hey Man..u r blessed.
I need a duck please 👏🏻❤️‍🩹❤️‍🔥❣️💗💖💝💘☑️
The Big Owl's name should be Big Al. I know I'm late though lol. Also, is there a way to try to get the ducks used to going up the ramp and into the covered part of the duck house when those attacks happen?
i know you have probably already chosen a name for the owl but since the owl likes Bonnies bayou how about calling the owl Clyde
Best idle game ever created
And put a shed
Make a abridge to the small island
I think I could get a little house boat and live on that pond. Or make a bigger duck house, & i’ll squeeze my butt into that. It’s so peaceful.
Hello, what type of camera do you use for recording at the pond at night time?
The UFO's are those Chinese spy balloons
I recommend getting a goose with your ducks to protect them
how exactly would a duck fit in those "duckboxes"
I always die laughing and crying about those couple of poor ducks, they have been jump scared by bobcats, owls, racoons, coyotes, foxes, hawks, mystery animals... you name it!
The many moving night lights in the skies are "Off Worlders", Pleiadeans, ETs loads of them, as in millions, they are mostly cloaked....  they are all here to help set us free of the slavery we are in, soon you will see what I mean....
Everything looks absolutely stunning. But you might have had many issues getting it done, but money wasn't one of 'em !
I wish we had a 5 acre pond we have a pond but it tuned to mud and all our fish died. We are going to try to save money to fix the pond.
Mr.mugoo
whoa, some undertaking project.
When the pond fills up, are you putting pond dye in it??
Do you guys have   Fisher cat There
I have been watching entire series and first comment.  Sarah  (the boss) is maybe the star of your entire show.
I noticed something when the 4 deer came through the area at nite look at the top right you will see a black animal come in right at the end of that part
got yourself a orb there my guy 12:42 nice footage too...have you seen this alot or just this once?
It looks like mongoose @11:43
Those animals that you dont know...are aminios  in spanish(ERMINE?)..Very expensive skin
How do you do your night lapse’s?
I think those structures are not enough
That almost looked like mongoose.
I think you should make a volcano shaped structure with the logs and put some small branches for bait fish
Let a leaking old wooden boat sink somewhere so birds can top it..and fish can hide in it..around it..do you have bevers? Those duckies are pretty vulnerable out there...sitting ducks..
It's is a Gray fox
It's a fox
call the Owl "Hootie"
Nice 👍🏼 nice 😊
Call the owl Henry
Late to the game, but Ozzie the Owl
I mean you said it in the video.. his name is Big Al.
The Owls name is Hooter😀
The owls name  should be Bob.Jr                From Nicks grand daughter
Ali n bambam have a tough life despite having enough food n water access
I know you’ve probably named the owl already, but I like Fisher :)
How about hootie hoo for the owl
It seems odd the pond is on the high point of the plains, naturally it would occur at the lowest point, for obvious reasons. But it looks nice and I wish you all the best with it
Is he REALLLY the most aggressive bass tho?
at 5:41 you can see a probably a fox in the right edge of the image. Interestingly how he follows deers :)
Those deer were like how the heck did we miss this pond the whole time.
AL the Owl
The ducks won't survive free.
Whys the pond so dam shallow?
“If you build it, they WILL come”
That pond is not very deep
I'd name him Cletus
60 mins x 24 hrs x 7 days x 100 gals = 1,008,000 gals per week 🤯
I know this is for fishing and nature and all that, but man... looking at a custom pond and all I can think of is how much fun that would be for an old stand up jetski.
Badgers
Big Owl Capone
I would get rid of some of the predatory animals such as the fox, coyote and hawks. All your doing is balancing nature. It’s either the duck lives or the hawk lives and I would choose the ducks. Much nicer to look at on the pond. I would capture all those coyotes and fox and take them about 50 miles away. It would real help the ponds esthetics. Even if you got rid of one fox, coyote and hawk it makes a difference. No need to even let the ducks loose because they will just be killed at this point
this is weird, he seems to not care about the ducks and just sat there like "whatever" while they were being attacked by a hawk
This is one of the coolest projects I have ever seen
You should definetly add a vaacuum lock to your waterpipe so that you don't end up having surface water sucked in to your well if your antibackflow valve and pump failures. It wouldn't be good to "contaminate" your groundwater.
5 acres 9 million gallons ..43560 sqft per acre . so around 218,000 total square feet,  divided into 9 millions gallons is about 41 gallons per square foot. one gallon is .1337 cubic feet , times 41 gallons equals ~5.5 feet average depth.  Seems about right. anybody? I've been known to make mistakes..
those ducks are gonna die the minute theyre released out of the hut
Should move the duck coop over on Alcatraz island to keep the safe from the wildlife, then build a bring over to it so Sara can get over to them
the new animal is a possum
I think it's fox and weasel
Mystery animal= opossum
Owl. Wooty
Those UFOs are starlink satalites. They are most visible just after the sun sets.
i am curious, how is a duck going to fit inside those duck houses? every duck i have ever seen is as big or bigger then those houses let alone that hole. so i must be missing something. i am not an expert on ducks, but i have raised some.
This is a calming channel to watch! I subbed after first video watched
Name for the owl “Owlvin” full name is Owlvin York because he is picking off those mice 🐁
Cut a hole in the duck houses to put a camera!
2:50 you did that with a GoPro???? How!? Mine don’t do night for jack crap! (Hero 8 black)
OWL Anglin AKA JOHN ANGLIN.. The only guy (s) to escape from alcatraz
I think one of the animals you don’t know is a possom.
Beautiful red tail hawk
When did you build the dock? I watched all episodes in this series and havent seen you build it.
Thats a lot of water used...  I wonder how long it would take to fill by rain
Zero bass this year i wouldn't mind catching baby bass !
Can I come fish it?
How deep?
what kind of cameras/system are you using?
The two Owls Serg. (Sergeant) and Lieu. (Lieutenant) for Corrections Officers that watch over Prisons like Alcatraz
who-tay and the bassfish on mr owl
What kind of camera system do you have? Does it record 24/7 or is it activated by movement? Our pond is in a remote area so cell service is poor but does work. We do have power at the pond....
The  cosmic owl
11:36 looks like a stoat and 11:50 looks like small grey fox
You can put along the banks to have something to sit on
I would love too do with this with cichlids this is sooo dang cool
Thats definitely foxes
Congratulations thats an amazing accomplishment in my view
name the Big Owl Big Al...
satellites  are between 500 and 22000 miles up. we can't see them no matter what they say. the lights would be huge for us to see. since most satellites are about the size of a VW Bug I would bet that a light is no bigger that a house light bulb. any man made flying objects have flashing lights. soooo ... I wonder what you're really seeing.... I'd love to see more night 🌙  videos.
What GoPro are you using?
I hope. You name the owl Woody. Thank you for this video. My boys and I really enjoyed watching it.
how about ..Bright Eyes ... for owl
Looks like a coyote or fox  comes into frame at 5:39 in the right corner when the deer are out.
i feel like the dock should have a roof for BBQ's and stuff have a table and chairs there can use it on rainy days could be more then a swimming/fishing dock
Long tail weezel.
The flying things are bugs. I think!
Really interesting.
The owls name should be named Billy
Thank you
Just put Moby and 4 females u will have the baddest bass pond ever
You need to build an owl nest box!
Person I’m watching this series with asked a question “where does the water come from” I replied that’s a good question, does anyone know ?
There’s an owl that sits on my back porch. He’s called Albert. 🦉
my guy is playing irl minecraft
Beautiful video , beautiful family. Hope the best for you !
owl capone
Beautiful but that pond still ain't deep enough. I mean this guy ain't no dummy he knows from southern Missouri to the Gulf rains in that zone just beat's the snot out of things. Which means , it constantly washing stuff into bodies of water and over time it will lose depth. Maybe he plans to sell and don't plan on staying I don't know. But in 20 years it's not going to be as deep as he thought it was. And the wood duck boxes you put between the pond and the creek because wood ducks love fly running creeks and rivers and having a large body of water close.........pfft they can't resist.
The large "stars" you saw are perhaps Mars or Venus. They're quite bright, and are visible at certain times when our orbits are close.
Why don’t Ali and bam bam hide out in their house?
this is content
The owls name is Jenkins!
Fox. Be careful with them around the ducks.
I think the first animal may have been an Opossum,  the others I think were foxes of some type. Not sure which are native to Alabama.  Enjoying your content immensely!
This is awesome
What kinda terminator coated seeds are those bro?
You need some trees!
“DIY” projects are always easy when the budget is unlimited 😂
I bloody love this real youtube video! I wish shitty tiktok never exist!
I love the pond but stop talking so much about everything else that's not the pond
AL the owl
The owl should be called "Al"
very beautiful.
baby dogman
Owl name - Hootie and the Bass fish
Unnecessary explaination..
The crimson owl.........
human on a tractor is not as fast as "blaze skyfire" in the air unless you have a "boomstick 3000" from S-MART.... Ashe.
weasel
You have mink and foxes
This is neat. I’m just curious how much all this cost? Lol I’m tempted to go out back and make a pond in my back yard!
I’m super late on the build. But if you build Teepee with those woods, wouldn’t it be dangerous for the boats?
Owl name: Clyde. Bonnie cove.
@5:40 During the deer shot another animal just comes into view at mid right screen, then you switch scenes.
yes, totally a grey fox.
Great pond! Can you tell me where you found the underwater lighting? Just had a 5 acre pond dug those look good think I would like to put some in
Omg that's amazing. Well done 👏
11:38 looks liek a possum
you should totally put catfish in the pond
Nice, awesome job compacting and grading them acres chief. Beware that was the same small coyote at 5:40 time in the video as soon as you mentioned the buck bachelor coming through.
Name owl, Big Al. You've already called him that anyway
Weasel, hawk, owl, coon, coyote, will all kill your ducks and chickens. Don't think they won't. You'll come out one morning and they all be dead.
How about hoot the owl 🤘🏼😊
Greetings from Africa... “The Bassific (Pacific)”
Well I think it's pretty cool I like to pawn building and the smaller ponds it's really neat all right y'all take care now.
How does it feel living all of our dream? Lol
YOU NEED TO SHIELD THE ISLAND POST TO KEEP OUT THE SNAKES
That hawk is a Red-Tailed Hawk
I am having difficulties building a 12 by 6 pond due to finances but I hope to finish it soon, but compared to your 5 acres pond mine is so small. Love watching your videos.
I like Big Al the Big Owl
What was the animal in the top right corner around 5:40? It looks like a canine to me. Edit: After seeing the fox later on I'm pretty sure that's what it is.
you ll be sorry that you didnt go in some parts to 8-10 m,and a big tree with lots of branches .a lot of fish like that ,espesaly in winter, keep up the good work!!!
I wonder how deep it is
Much did a well cost to get drilled
Albert the owl, of course.
Imagine the mosquitoes lol but I love this build!
I hope to someday see you pull a pretty green Large mouth Bass out of there.
Oriville, after Orville Wright. Another famous flyer!
You should call the Owl, Teat.
I like the Bass T-pee Pond looks Great
It's possible your shooting star, was actually the Space Station. You can check on NASA'a website to know when it be over your area
2:52 most likely it is planes flying by. The playback of the video is so fast it would be hard to spot them. but I think there was 1 or 2 shooting stars there 👍
why do you sound hank hill sometimes?
odds of space junk burning up as it enters the atmosphere 10000 odds it was a meteorite 1
Take the ducks home they won’t survive long there
honestly with all the predators i dont know if your gonna be able to have just a couple ducks without bigger flock just 2 of em would be easy pickings for a predator
You could use the waterline pipe that you are using to fill the pond with as a part of a circulation system to help keep the pond aerated.  Hook up an intake from the shallow end and have a shutoff valve coming from the well to the joint at the circulation pump so you can still use the well to fill if needed and also have a circulation system without adding much to the system already in place.
You should put a tracker on ur bass so u know witch bass is witch and were there at on the pond
Still think you have both weasels and grey fox
I would name the Owl, Night-wing, just seems like a cool name for any owl, especially a big one.
11:29 that is a Possum
I’m so concerned for those ducks after seeing all those predators trying to attack them during the day. When they’re finally set free during the day, that could potentially be lethal for them. Here’s hoping they stay safe.
Name the owl Frank.
Why can't you give Mr Moby is freedom in the lake?
What kind of camera do you have? I'm looking to buy one to use for hunting videos.
Those are grey foxes, the other mystery animal I bet is a opossum base on the walk alone.
Does moby look really big in this video? Or is it just me lol
ernie the owl
the mystery animal here looks like a opossum
Badgers they looked like
It might be a badger
You should get a gator bro that would be sick, you could put a tracker on him so he don’t sneak up on ya lol
❤️❤️🌞〽️
The Bird Stand of Alcatraz (referring to the Bird Man of Alcatraz, Robert Stroud).
what are you planning on stocking your pond with?
you should make some bat houses to combat mosquitos in the summer
Those are not shooting stars. They are airplanes. They move by fast. Causing that look during long exposures or Timelapse’s.
Astrophysicist here: 1) this is a great series! 2) Those "shooting stars" are indeed most likely satellites and planes. Everything moving in the direction of the rotation of the Earth is going to be satellites and things moving opposite to that are planes. Best of luck with this endeavor! :D
How far is the pond from your house?????
Some of those creatures look like otters  Which I've heard is bad news for bass fishing ponds
that  1  is  a fox
I hate to say it but as soon as you let them ducks out they are gone.
I like Owl Capone, but was originally thinking about the name Bobber because he is always bobbing his head up and down on camera.  You should use the some leftover pilings to make a Huck Fynn style raft for floating structure as well as shade canopy and anchor it like a bouy.
Sheriff Peanut
I think that mystery animal is a mongoose
Big AL
How long before an alligator makes an appearance? I wouldn't think long once they're in the mating season.
1st could of been a badger
You are so very fortunate to have the space and resources to do this. please do not lose focus as to why you are doing this. This is an ecology project  not a business project.
Ufo 👽 spotted
For me there's only one name for an owl. It's the name the owl gave to himself in the Winnie the Pooh stories by A. A. Milne. Owl is able to write but can never spell so his name is: Wol.
You need to teach the ducks to roost in their house
Love it.
could be fisher  cats
The night Timelapse was spot on! And your comment about wishing on the shooting stars gave me Bob Ross vibes (in a good way) 😁
Need to add a picture of Bonnie and Clyde to the logo
Look like some kind of animal further back in the background behind the deer maybe a coyote stalking the deer?
Name the Owl Al...
For the duck camera, why don't you put a clear Plexiglas box around it?
Tell the hawks and owls to wait, and they can fish all they want.
Be careful racons will stick there hands through a rip the raccoons throat
This is a great example of faith yall seen it before it existed now its seen
This is  very bad... You are using groundwater to fill up a surface water pond... It's wastage of resourses.. When you can wait for rain to fill up the pond...
Are you going to hunt your land?
The owls name should be crumpy
Oliver the owl 🦉
Owl Jolson from the 1936 "I love to singa" Cartoon
Crappie/blue gill crib for the pylons
Tootsie the owl
They are called airplanes, and they fly through the air transporting people and cargo.
For the extra logs maybe build 1 or 2 small rafts 3'x3' and then anchor them to the bottom. It will give birds a place to land on the pond and give fish and other aqua life a place for shade and to hide.
With the design of the lights are you worried about fish hooks accidentally getting caught on the cage around the light? Might be something you want to check into. Possibly remove the cages so nothing gets snared on them.
Put bait fish in as long!!!
I think you should name the Owl Horton
You need to plant some trees on that dam to keep the soil from eroding
Hootie hooterson
Name the owl "hootie hooterson"
Grey fox mystery animals
Dr. Whoo
Those were stars but they were moving at the same speed as the moon so they were stationary but they looked like they were moving because of the rotation of the earth!
I’d call the owl “Owlen” (like Allen)
OWLoBAMA
Name the own Frank Hamer the person who killed Bonnie and Clyde
those are coyotes
Name the owl OVO IFYKYK
Name the big owl: Big Al
Are u gonna put fishys in there
When you put money in the pond you should use a top water with no hooks just to see the blowups
This pond been filled months ago, spoiler a storm came through and filled it
Call the OWL 🦉 MASON 🤙🏼🤙🏼👌🏻
You should put a wooden sign on the docks and maybe name it 'Sarah's Dock' :) oh and the owl should be named Al. After Al Capone since you already have Alcatraz over there.
How is taking all that water to fill your pond affecting the rest of your land? Are you noticing that the ground is any dryer?
Should you consider putting some kind of a float on your underwater structure so you know where they are at? Keep from getting snagged. Especially if bottom fishing for cats.
Dude I won’t be happy until we get a new upload I’m watching all of them over and waiting patiently
mystery animal looks like a fisher
With the extra pilings You should make a sandbox for the kids next to the dock
why are those seeds so blue?? is that some kind of mold protection or sth? :O
Name the owl marlin and I killed a 6 point buck this morning
Name him al since you pronounce owl al
Poor ducks, Lions, Tigers and Bears.....Oh My!!! But seriously: fox, coyote, owl, crow, coon, bobcat, hawk, possum, ferrel cats & rats.....got everything but wolves out there looking to make duck stew.
Owl name is Hooters
Owl Capone
What cameras do you use to capture all the nighttime wildlife?
Coyote and opossum
Rownie Owlie ..
Gotta name the Owl…Owl Capone
You have no idea how much i love your videos. Keep up the good work 💗
This is so inspiring. May I ask what you do? I would love to buy lands, do some agriculture, build ponds etc. Subscribed.
Owl Capone
Hooter or Woodsy But I think Sara Kochan has the best with Owl Capone. Good One Sara 👍🍺
If you let Moby loose in the Epic pond his mass would eventually change the earth's orbit
Owlfred
big owl. Or big all
I think the owls name should be ranger
Aren't people going to snag on those lights when they're fishing?
SAILES Pond is another idea. The original Bonnie and Clyde met their end in SAILES, Louisiana. Little poetic I think
You might have to get a scarecrow to scare off the Hawks and owls maybe with a speaker releasing some human noise lol pour ducks we need figure something out to scare of them predators hummmmm
Hooter the owl
Owlbundy or hulk
I’m from Louisiana and Bonnie and Clyde is a huge deal where I come from. So naming your pond Barrow gang pond after what they really called them selves would be perfect. Bonnie and Clyde came from the movie they never called them selves that they always went by the Barrow Gang.
“Big Al” for the large owls name!😂
OWL NAME: ARCHIMEDES! From Sword in the Stone
your lil farm is beautiful
The wildlife…so cool!
The mystery animal looks like a opossum
How about hoot
Name him mr owl from the old tootsie pop commercial
This is just too good
Looking awesome
Roll tide
the owl should be called THE WARDEN. looking over Alcatraz.
Rookie
For the owl: Elliot NesT or Dillinger. Fun project to watch...would not like to pay for it....especially all the clay that had to be trucked it!!
man that buck has one hell of a rack. love the vids
That owl's eyes are so bright, he should be called Spotlight.
Hooty and the bass fish
I'd have made a hole all the way through all the pilings about 6" from the flattest end, then stick a piece of rebar through three of them and never the ends.  They'd be flexy enough that you could easily make an actual teepee.  I'd do a bunch of them and put two or three near each other.
Clyde for the owl. Fitting for bonnie.
Fat Owlbert
I like it, but at the same time it is a tremendous waste of ground water.
Olsen the owl
would have been much cheaper to just use your garden hose to fill it up
Absolutely amazing and beautiful project btw!🤘 Show that you really care for nature as well.
Hooter🔥🤘
Ole the owl
I freaking love watching this.
MINK 🤷‍♂️👍🇺🇸
Name for the owl - Owlfred
The progression on this channel in the past few years is absolutely amazing
5:39 there was a fox or something behind the deers 😭
Ollie the Owl.
do you plan on aeration to keep floating algae down?
Name the owl raider or bandit
Hoot the horned owl
Mink!
Name the owl Dr. Who
Guess you’re not fishing it then?  Those lights are a perfect hook trap
Hoot should be the owls name
It looks like the pond is 6 inch deep and he got a water hose on
Owl- Big Pimpin’
You should do a Halloween video and putt the pumpkins on the island
how much did this cost?
100% fox
Awesome video update
Ok hold on was i dreaming or did I see the pond completely filled? I swear there was a video with a fully filled pond thumbnail 👀😐🧐
OMG what a horrible waste of potable well water. You should be ashamed & fined! Ponds should only be filled with rain water.
name the owl Lessco Brandon
Thank you as always,for sharing.Greetings from a sunny South africa 🇿🇦 😎
Name the owl who
You need to name the owl big mama!
Should name the owl the duke
reason why we have water shortage 😭😭😭
Name the owl archimedes from sword in the stone
AL the Owl bc your accent is awesome
Your southern twang makes it sound like you say "Big AL" when you say big owl. So why not Big AL the owl?
Name the owl” Hooter” or “Hooty”!
Lol name the owl hooters forsure, I mean look at them peepers
Nooooo not duck houses! There goes your nice clean jetty/deck. It's gonna be covered in duck shit.
Wow, I dunno why, but I was sure it would've well and truly filled completely within 3-4 days! Shows how clueless I am. Lol
OWL ROECUR
Will Moby go into the pond?
At this point it’s not a pond, it’s a whole ass lake
ITS TIME TO GET A DOG OR SOMETHING TO PROTECT THE DUCKS.
new mystery animal looks like an Opossum based on the light colouring on the face & dark body. Also similar size to racoons. The old mystery animals are foxes based on the dark tips of the tails you can see in both clips :)
Are snakes a problem with man made ponds like this? If I ever get enough land someday, fingers crossed, I'd love something like this but I'm horrified of snakes.
need more!!!! can we get 2 vids a week?!!
Idk bout all those preditors around those ducks. U mite need some farm dogs that can stand guard threw out the night.
Alford for the owl
Names for the Owl: Owl Pacino Owl Capone Owl Roker Owl Gore
Archimedes for the owl. It was the name of the owl in Sword in the Stone.
its gonna be a year from now and the pond still wont be filled
You caught the meteor shower
Chud327 must be your twin
Owl Name: Soren from a 2010 Legend of the Guardians.  Owls of GaHoole.
Always hype for updates!
Run the lights through PVC Pipe itll save them from getting hooked. 😁
I think the owls name should be one of the 4 wardens that ran the alcatraz island Olin G. Blackwell, Paul J. Madigan, Edwin B. Swope (my personal favorite because of swoop and swope) or James A. Johnston
you have created a paradise! beautiful beautiful lifestyle
I'm sure this has been asked many times but haven't seen it in the comments I've read. Do you plan to have aeration in the pond?  My pond is only 3/4 of an acre but aeration has made a huge difference quickly! Clearer water, eliminated surface algae,  obviously the benefit of having more dissolved oxygen in summer. That puts feeding has turned the previously very large (many 12-18" long) but very skinny bass into some really filled out and healthy looking creatures in less than 3 months.   Also have been dying a good bit of planting (water lillies,  pickerel rush, swamp irises, swamp hibiscus 🌺- those are outside the water margin) but the planting won't really show much result until next year. The lilies especially should be good for helping baby forage fish growth... and tadpoles/frogs!   I think especially as far south as you are aeration would really be a huge help!
Casually records UFOs
You should call him "Owlabama." :)
Not for California
The eater
Looked like Michigan at one point.
What GoPro do you use????
That time lapse.  Ladies and gentlemen, we're cruising around space on a giant rock and it's awesome.
Wasted water?
You have a great way of explaining everything in a way that is very relaxing and interesting. Thank you!
Quality video :P loving the series!
Name him Al the Owl !
Man I would be so excited to plant a ton of trees and shrubs and aquatic plants in that. There’s potential to make that place the best fishing, hunting spot but also really beautiful.
Woodsy the owl.
I vote Hootie or Darius Rucker for the owl name. 🦉
You got to go with “Big Al” for the name. Your accent is so country that I thought you were saying “Big Al” but you were saying “big owl “😂
I love how in tune you are with nature.  You are very concerned with the surrounding animals.
Name the Owl "Hoot"
Mystery animal this week is an opossum.
It's not the squirrels you have to worry about with the duck houses, it's the racoons. They will definitely swim if they think there's an easy meal.
Name the owl, Al
“A farm full of wildlife”   I freaking love it!!! This is cool.
Name the Owl  " Dillinger " public enemy #1
It looked like some small fox, and a possum in the field cam.
Name the owl Mr. Who
Just call him Powl 🙂
I think the owl should be named Stevedave.
Hooty the owl
if you can... you should make the duck house a biiiit wider
you wont have may red foxes if you have coyotes prevalent. Greys can survive with the coyotes. They will run the reds off
those are 100% grey foxes. professional trapper here
Come on, an owl can only be named Hedwig or Hooter
Wow, your videos are fun.  Thanks for the ride.
One possum followed by two small gray fox 🦊
You should plant a weeping willow on the island so when your kids grow up they can swing out from the island into the pond
HOOT
I suggest you tie some floats on the rootball, pipe stack tunnel, and other submerged features so you know exactly where they are once the pond is filled.
NAME THE OWL DRAKE… like the rapper… thats his logo lmao
Yep, Gray Fox and they will kill every duck and or chicken that they can get to. Of coarse so will the coyote. LOL :)
Victor would be a good Name for the owl
Name the owl, Big AL, Big Owl, or Woodsy! Lol
Owlbert, obivously.
Owl Bundy
JESUS CHRIST IS THE WAY THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE!!!!!!
JESUS CHRIST LOVES YOU SO MUCH!!!
Great series!  This is great information since our non-profit is in the works of building a lake retreat for veterans and their families.  I have literally binge watched the entire series all day and can't wait to see the finished project.... especially the cost.
Name the owl hootie!
Nice job with the pond!
I don’t fish, I don’t hunt, I don’t live in Alabama…I can’t tell a Bass from a catfish….. but iam glued and w watching every episode of this pond build
Bandit, for the big owl that sneaks around at night... for the leftover logs, make a planter box and plant a tree beside the dock, or the little island, weeping willow maybe, or a new cypress
Do a log cabin with the rest of the pilings
I really like Hedwig from Harry Potter as Owl name
Goals 😩😭😍
Name the owl Who
Great watching really enjoying the progress  Looking forward to the day it’s stocked with fish  Hope the ducks settle in considering all the surrounding predators!! What a place you live in 👍🏼
Al the owl
With the remaining left over pillings - bolt them together life a raft. Tie a chain or rope to it and anchor it with a cinder block. If possible shave down some of the side at an angle so that turtles can get up on it and sunbath, along with other animals. You could even put a few plants in the cracks so that the roots grow thru to the water. A little man made island/ raft / float.
Man what do you do for a living i cant even afford one bag of that deer food
You make a 14 minute video feel like a 30 minute episode because I'm so invested in hearing every little thing you have to say 😂 keep up the great work!
Harvest that sorghum and I’ll buy some🥞🥞🥞
Those are definetly foxes
Name the owl, Al. 😂
I like Al or big Al  for the owl name
I think the only logical thing to name that owl would be HOOTER
Name the owl Dr. Who
Thsoe would have more than likely been shooting stars! There was a meteor shower recently
Oscar the Owl 🦉
ARE YOU THE FISH WHISPERER GUY?????
Owl Capone
If it’s not too much work, set the remaining posts in the ground vertically and make as if they are old dock pilings
See. That's what a fox looks like in camera. This other mystery creatures are something else. Legs are shorter and stockier. I stick with my first answer from other video.
Name the owl ------ NIGHT HOWLER.
Once the water fills the entire bottom and is filling the entire area. It will take longer to fill the last 2 ft than the first 10
Why does the pond have a triangule shape?
You should trench around the duck house to prevent the walking predators from getting to the house.  They flyers will still come around, but at least they wouldn't be able to get close to the duck house and keep scaring them.
100% Those animals you don't know are 'American Mink' there is no doubt in my mind. I've seen them on trail cameras before.
You named your fish 🐟 that's interesting
Amazing how many awesome things you can do when you just have a ton of money 😅
What do you do for work? How’d you finance this massive project?? This was awesome
I can’t wait to see the pond filled.
Need an arborist or twenty?
“Owlbama”!!!
What is a “road bed” you keep referring to?
owl's name... mr. magoo
This is no lie, I own a cattle farm here in the mountains of West Virginia. We have had a few laying hens  off and on over the years. One day I was mowing hay and had stopped for a drink of water when the biggest hawk I’ve ever seen swooped down and in an instant, no further than 20-30 feet from me and grabbed a small hen that was maybe 6-8 weeks old or so. It flew off like it wasn’t even carrying anything. I have a neighbor that had his wife’s little dog, i think it’s a chihuahua mix, and an eagle actually tried to carry the little dog off. Luckily he had it attached to a retractable leash that had been hooked to a screw in yard anchor.  He didn’t actually see it happen with his own eyes though. He had went to get the little dog off of its leash to bring inside and noticed the cuts on its neck and back and was stumped at how this could’ve happened, then he realized that he had his surveillance cameras pointed in that relative direction and sure enough you could see the bald eagle land on the ground. The little dog barking like crazy and the eagle just starts walking over towards the dog really slowly. Almost eerily like he was taunting the dog. And gets right up to where the dog had stretched it’s leash tight and he waits until the dog went to do a circle, which it had been doing repeatedly, the instant the dog turned its back, the eagle snatches it and attempts to fly away. It pulled the line right and was flapping its wings in an attempt to free its next meal and after about 4-5 seconds of flapping to no avail, he just drops the dog and flys off to find an easier target I suppose. I had the video on my old phone and could still get another copy if it. Seeing this hawk reminded me of how those two birds had acted. To catch it on video is a one in a million shot though.
the quality of those night cameras is insane @12:58
Lee the owl
Looked like a fox or even a mongoose
I like Hootie! (As in hootie and the *bass*fish)
With the way the Owl scans like a radar at night, he deserves to be named Scout
OilBundy =)
How does the water not evaporate??? And what type of soil does he have for it not to obsorb the water
You need predator guards on those duck boxes.
Aquatic plants needed
Looks like ferrets and foxes both. You can tell the first ones are ferrets because they walk with their heads down. While the foxes walk with heads and ears up.
you can start adding bate fish
So how does that not turn into the biggest breeding ground for mosquitoes lol?
morris after the guy who escape from alcatraz    frank morris
When will it be full?🙄
If it's a boy owl you could name him Owl Pacino or Owl Capone or Owlbert Einstein🦉 It it's a girl owl you could name her Owlivia or Abigowl🦉 If you have a group of owls you can call Hootie and the Blowfish (or bass fish, or whatever)
That fish is going to eat everything in the pond and maybe fight to the death with everything he can't eat.  hahah Is it just me??
Owlbert Einstein Owl Bundy Owl Pacino Owl Green Owl Roker Owl B Sure
Aren’t you worried about folks fishing lines snagging on those cage lights.
Duck house? I don't know those stuff so to me those look tiny for ducks.. can someone explain?
Why are you not putting the duck pin on the island?
fisher cat?
Those two are small Grey foxes they have longer bodies compared to red foxes.
It’s a great horned owl, name it Frank Hammer or Frank after the Texas Lawman that was the cowboy tasked with and ended up catching Bonnie and Clyde.
Owl : Hoot
I was thinking of naming the Owl “Hootie “ but I admit that name by Sara Kochan “Owl Capone” is a definite winner 😊
Oscar the owl
Get a fresh water striped bass and maybe trout for the pond
At 5 minutes 41 seconds something comes running in the screen on the top right area, any one else see it
Hootie
Ali the owl. Hello from Fairhope Al.
Good video
Johnny hooster.
Name the big owl, Big Al.
Basstopia should be the name
That’s awesome bro I love your videos
You name the owl “monarch” like he’s turning to take over our oak throne
Create map for future. If you planning to fish there. To exactly remember where the objects exactly are to avoid losing some baits. Or for other who will fish there
“Owl Be Back”   -Arnold Schwarzenegger
Why don't you set up a 24 hour web cam now?
won’t those pressure treated logs leech the preservative into the water? potential hazard for your fishes.
U should put moby in the pond so he has a bigger environment when it’s done and then put a little baby bass in the tank and a crappie that u get from the fish trucks and see how big you can get them to grow
Hoot Hoot MaGOooooo
“ Big Mama” like the owl in the movie the fox and the hound .
Owls name is “The Warden”
Name the owl “Big Al”
the duck's don't go in the enclosure inside the duck house?
Tooties the owl (from tooties pops)
Wonder if these "Filling pond with water" videos will ever actually be filling the pond with water.
Those poor ducks are gonna have a short life span being so stressed by all these potential attackers...
we should name the Owl... Hooligan
And here I am scared to fill up a smaller sized pool with my well 😂
For the owl, name him "Big Al"...but it sounds like "Big Owl". :)
Bonnie the Owl
Why not put the duck box out into the water on floats or post. So they can swim in and out as they please and have a place to escape predators while on the pond ?
Are you going to put anything exotic in your pond? I.e. a yellow or albino channel catfish or anything else?
How long does it usually take to fill a pond of this size?
Need to add fresh water mussels. Great filters and food for everything
My 7yo daughter says you should name the owl Butter Biscuits :)
Name the one owl hootie and the other the blowfish.
OWLABAMA of course! 😀
The Owl should be named Brandon
“HOOTIE” the owl!!!
if you are building cribs it is better to make a X shape with over lapping logs .  This allows you as the fisherman to cast into the crib unlike the design you made plus it gives a taller vertical structure.
Owl Sharpton 😆
What about oysters and mussels for water filtering
Why dont the ducks ever go inside the little house
Could you feed moby something bigger? See how he handles it? Loving the series 👍
One day soon this place will make anglers of all ages very happy. It’s almost there! Awesome night laps footage too!
You name it al..duh
i would be willing to bet they are ferrets.
i am a Little Concerned about the Predators Vs the Ducks. With SO many predators running about all over the property, i think the Day that the ducks get let out to roam and fly around will be the first day of the End. yea, they can fly away from the ground predators but then they have the owls and Hawks to get away from. I'm sure it's the way things are but i would REALLY hate for something to happen to them after all the trouble you went through.
What are the long term effects of draining an aquifer like that? I imagine that would be a significant dent in the aquifers capacity, any thoughts or research into that?
While everything on your farm is the shit but I   You should be worried about the factor pumping fresh water out to fill a pond for fish so you can leisurely go fishing You might want to worry about the people in the States that don't have water we're you're beef and chicken goes too but Hey it's a it's all good as long as you have your creature comforts cause you have plenty enough money You might want to try to turn your well off and use that for drinking water because think about it we don't have enough drinking water
Name the owl 🦉 maryjane
''Woodsie Owl'' is on the prowl. Mr. Mouser,
I don’t know why but Bernie sounds like a good name for the owl.
I hope to see crappie bass blue gill pickerel and a bunch of shad and minnows swimming around that pond one day!
Sink an old plane or car.  Obviously cleaned and engines removed. These are great to scuba in.  I know your pond isn’t that deep, but still a great structure for fish
Name the owl "Big Al"
You should put the duck house on the island the perfect natural  anti predator  barrier
You have Bonnie and Clide so why not call him Coby and Moby
Albert the Owl
What happened to the catfish?
probably had this comment already but how about fitting an under water camera system
Sowl
Hey BamaBass what cameras are you using for the night stuff???
Hootie
Too bad there isn't a live feed camera set up. Then we could check progress of filling any time.
Since the owl is big you should name it Big Al
Why dont you call the owl leo
Call the owl “ Scout”.
you should name the owl Al the owl
When will you move mobs to the back yard pond
name the owl Owl Capone, and the racoons, Ben and Jerry because they are chunkers
I like your videos but you are kinda dragging this out aren’t ya?
The owl should be called Big Al... like big owl lol
HOoTeR
Outlaw the owl
“Mr. Owl” as in the owl from the Tootsie Pops. Or “Hooter”
gray foxes 100%
I'm liking Hoot-dini as owls are magical creatures.
how bout HOOT for the owl?
Small Grey foxes.... young ones too
Call the owl, “AL”. You know AL = Alabama.
Name the owl George
6 is a weird number, maybe toss one more piling on that bass teepee for good measure 👍😊. Can’t wait to see the beaches at full tide not to mention stocking day 🤤
These here videos are "money dude"  -Stalecracker
I agree with Owl Capone
I don't really get the ducks. Will ever be out of their house? Seems like they wouldn't last long, seeing how many predators want a piece of them.
I dumped some piles of broken brick here and there in my pond and the Bluegill love em.  Juat a thought.  Great videos!  Thanks
Man there is no way those 2 pet ducks last outside that coop
What I would be doing everyday after winning the lottery.
What kind of night camera do you use?
How about "Owlbert" the owl.
Name the owl Hooter
Do you guys have Fishercats down there
You should name the owl “warden “ since he’s always watching over everything.
Could you build something to observe the underwater happenings? Maybe a top entrance to climb down inside.
Those are 100% Grey foxes lol.
Tootsie the Owl
Hooty for the owl
👏👏👏
those ducks are in trouble
Why is there no liner? You just put up some berms and filled it with water??? Soil is permeable.. I’m confused
Feed moby some small bluegill
You should name him Oso the owl
The lights moving in the sky during the time lapse are just stars
There was supposed to be a meteor shower the other night. 👍🏻
here’s a possible name for the owl …merle Hooty
Glad there’s updates. I was worried the series was over
Owls name suggestion "BB" and you could make a floating island out of thw rest of those posts
Greetings from Australia!  This is a really interesting project.  Do you anticipate much water loss from evaporation? Will filling the pond effect your local water table or are you drawing water from an aquifer? I am really interested in your water management approach.  Cheers mate!
Free Moby!
You sir, are an inspiration.  Talk about living the dream
looks like a leaking pond
owlaloya the name lol OWLALOUYA
I love your projects ! Have you thought of a small area grow local flowers for the local bees ?
I think those little weasel  Type. Animal s are called "Martens"
Will I be charging people for fishing here?
I’m pretty sure that’s how the sky looks if you can see it that good because we’re rotating not that they were shooting across
I can picture a treehouse on Alcatraz
Do you need to tag the lights? A simple strong wire with a flag on it might save someone hooking them instead of fish!
I would make a cribbed rock bed with those other pile cutting!! The smaller fish wold love it!!
Doctor who
will the lake water not become toxic to fish? I'm referring to how fish tanks develop nitrates?
Hootet
Nice red tailed hawk. I had one (called buzz after toy story) flew him with a female Harris hawk. They would work together to catch rabbits here in the uk 👍
The wildlife is amazing.
This video the first animal was probably a possum but the others looked like foxes for sure
I have lots of exotic birds and waterfowl and when the hawks migrate through the young ones will attack your birds but they will migrate on and be gone but if it is a local bird it will never stop trying to get them
I simply love these postings. Thank you sooo much for sharing. I also love your little adorable blonde assistant Sarah who did sadly not feature much today 😭 As to your Owl, how about calling it Merlin. It is actually a bit of a twist on the classic Camelot tale. Watching all  the way from Cape Town - South Africa. Blessings D 🧡
Awesome night scene, small gray fox, yep
It’s foxes and weesles
Great video.. You have some nice🦌. Besides bass and bluegill what else you put in the bass Pawn?
Owls name should be Hootz
I really think some mangroves along the dam would be such a good idea, not only to control the erosion but also to encourage diversity of wildlife (trees provide so much good habitat space for critters)
Hootie for the owl
Big Al (owl)
Big Al (owl)
Foxes and weasels 100% Cant believe how much I enjoy your videos. Thank you from socal!
Owl-capone
This is going to be a great ecosystem for all life
Looked like a possum
I know you probably will not get this message, do a few community birdhouse in hopes they keep mosquitoes and all different kind of pesky insects away, also it would bring a lot more wildlife around the pond. Just a thought.
BIG AL for the owl name!
Them are definitely foxes
How far are you from gulf shores ? I was there this last weekend for a ball tournament , and thought about you guys the whole time being down there .
Your ecosystem is badass!
can we just take a second and imagine how many death threats those ducks have got 😂😂
I like what you are doing!!!  You are lucky man!!
Name the owl Whoody
Why didn't you put in some rock piles or cover at all?... How are you going to feed the Bass? ... bait fish?.. hope they breed?  Just a thought ...
I love your videos! I always have notifications on so I can see them right away. I live in the Bay Area CA and would love to own property one day. Me not knowing much help me understand why you would feed the local wild life? Is this something all farmers do to help the farm or is it just your hobby to entertain us subscribers lol
It just looks like the low end that's really filling is going to fill well before the rest does by the gradients I see... and the clay /soil lines...
Looks like a fox to me 👍
“ Hootie” for the owl 🦉
First mystery animal looks like a possum
Most likely satellites but hey, never know a few could also be meteors but you wouldn’t notice them much on a fast time lapse. The satellites will be seen continuously.
are you filling this pond with a house hose?? seems like nothing has changed. I dont want bama bass but it seems like every video nothing changes
I think those are martens those mystery animals
for a hot minute I thought it was bob ross speaking !
Goddammit fill this pond already!!!!!!
Flair should go hunt there
You should name the owl Oakley
Owl Bundy is my vote
Ozzy the Owl
You might be filming the space station.
You should put some kind of metal on the post so raccoons here in about half and other predators can't climb it
“OWL BUNDY”!!!
Owls name should be Toby
name the owl hooters
First unknown animal looks like a possum and others looked like a fox
What was that following the deer in upper right corner at about 5:39
How many gallons you think it will Be
Very sad duck at 00:12 :(
Name it hooter
can name the owl toots?
Hootie and the pond fish
If you want a bass pond don’t put crappie in it idk if you know that
Owl name….Hooter
Definitely a grey fox
Big AL
Call the owl "Big Al"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Big fan.
Woodsy Owl
Owl name? "Clay" (for Alabama clay).
First clip of the mystery animal looks just like a fisher cat that we have here in New Hampshire. Second clip is totally a fox.
Definitely grey fox. They arent as populated here as much as the red fox and much smaller.
Hootie for the Owl
Put the ducks in their house at night! That is what it is for…your ducks can die from fright if you leave them out where they can see and be seen!
Bandito for the owl's name
Call the owl "Hootie", like "Hootie and the Blowfish". But fair warning, you'll have to get some blowfish next!
set the posts in a shallow spot where they stick straight out of the water and look like stumps
Hoodie the owl
Is there going to be vegetation ?
How can you dislike this kind of video? I mean i might start unless i get invited to hunt lol... Yall keep them videos coming, love the channel
IT seems to be taking forever to finish this. I may be missing s video or two but they are very hard to find. I seems like everyone is building a five acre pond. This seems to be taking forever.
When he was showing the bucks at the end of the clip you can see a coyote looking thing come from the right side
im curious as to how much thsi costs..doesn tmatter really but id love to make a piond on land id buy...this is a rather big one tbh...but multi uses, swimming, skating  and hockey in winter, and it is good for wildlife
hey BAMABASS can i work for you for free fishing LOL
I'm not a fisher by any means (nothing against it, I just don't have the time or interest currently) but this has got to be the single greatest project series on YouTube. I love your content, so interesting. Moby's getting huge! Something about people being enthusiastic or sincerely interested in what they're showing/teaching/explaining gets me interested as well.  Keep it coming. Thanks for sharing, and good luck!
Hooty the pond owl..😎🦉☠️🐁
Its coming along great!
Great owl!
Jet's.. shooting stars are very quick🤔😉🤩
Owls name-Whoooville
Mobie Pickle.
What's green and lives in the 5 ache pond?
I’m curious, what trail cameras are you using? I could use on that takes video
I think you should name it cedar or Alvin because Alvin was one of the most famous Alcatraz island’s prisoners
Hooter Al.  The Lenideds picked at the full moon.
Tootsie as in how many licks does it take to get the center of a tootsie pop, Mr. 🦉
Your dukes are not going to last long 😅
Name him tootsie-pop form the old lolly pop commercials.
I think the mystery animal is a Jaguarundi.
i think youd benefit from having an atv broadcast seeder around. You could mount it to your side by side. They run on a cigarette lighter jack. 12 volt? I dont know. Theyre pretty handy for throwing grass seed around. Or seeding clover into a stand of grass.
HOOTER THE OWL
Hoody for the owl🥳🥳🥳🤪
How about Alfred the Owl.
have you considered putting the duck house on the island. it would be the safest from predators specially when the water rises
A silver box
How much longer before this actually fills up?
Always enjoy the videos ! I would shoot the hawk I remember one time a hawk killed my friends cat.
Bro plz show us the rest of that Orb / UFO that was deftly flying to low to be ISS ! I was thinking soon as u started this pond that ur gonna catch a lot of interesting videos thanks a lot been here since u had 150 K
I won’t lie....... this pond build is 👌👌👌👌👌👌
Name the owl Phillin, as in (filling the pond)
Really enjoy watching your videos!
Name him "Big AL" (Owl) 😁
gray fox pond looks great
The owl is the US Marshal looking for bonnie n clyde.... Marshall the owl
Owl bundy...
That Moby is a good looking fish.
Love watching this!
You should make a sand beach !
call the owl James A. Johnston or just James / Johnston, he whas the very first warden in Alcatraz
Fill it up already!!!
I like the name *"OLLIE"* for the owl. jmo
Why are they building  this  massive pond????
Whootie!!!!! Name it Whootie....
One of the bucks running looks like a really good sized deer
The worst thing about this series is that I'm all caught up and dont have anymore to watch! Great series. Thanks for sharing!
A red tail hawk
Add four large bags of crayfish too the pond ? 😉😉😉😉
I need to plan a trip out to fly and fish!
I hate to say it but i think as soon as you let then ducks out i think there get eaten maybe you should get more ducks and a goose it help protect them
I love when your pond build videos drop. I m always keen to watch them.
Guntersville, Alabama checking in!!
You should change the name of the island slightly to "Owlcatraz".
Owl Capone
HOOTY
Owls name is: Big Al!
Here is a nickname for the owl - Hoot!
There is a meteor shower happening now, but it's hard to see due to the full moon.  Orionid meteor shower.
I want to know how deep is the pond
Name the owl Mr. Magoo
You should name the owl Hootie!!!
Awsome video! 👌🏻
Worlds smallest ducks..
Have you thought about planting vegetation in the pond for water clarity/filtration? There’s some plants that help with producing oxygen, stopping algae blooms and even toxins in the water. I know one big problem happened when Kelly Slater the surfer built a similar but larger pond for his wave machine and had bacteria problems.
Hootie seems a fitting name for an owl . 🙄
The ducks know they're safe in there for sure!
The mystery animals seem to be badgers😉
Houdini for the owl
this is not only amazing for the beauty of the place but its absolutely incredible how good for the wildlife and the environment this place will be when its finished!! You can already tell by all the different wild animals visited it
Yeah that last clip is definitely a small gray fox
Woodsy the owl for sure.  He is actually the most important owl in America. Icon of the US forest service.
thats not a pond its a lake
do you care about those ducks or are the just used as bait to lure the predators for they cameras. i give them 48hrs before they are dead, when you release them.
Scooter the Hooter ( owl's name ) 😁
Thank you for all the amazing footage!   What game cameras do you use?   Potential owl name: The Watcher, Harry, Thomas (Tom), Peanut, and someone said “Owl Capone.”  Thanks again and keep them coming!
i remember when y’all just got moby, dudes a tank now
You should name the owl either Frank or Maney. Frank Hamer and Maney Gualt are the two main men that tracked down Bonnie and Clyde and since owls catch things I figured it may tue in to the nostalgia of the pond!!
i don't even wanna look at the utility bill
If you have an old car rim that's the perfect mount for those polls to make teepees. My neighbor built some last year and put them in our lake. Just drill holes through the edge of the rim and lag the poles on from the inside.
That would be a dead hawk.
#36 on trending, you made it man keep up the great content!
Ohh yeah the night shots are breath taking miss living on the farm falling asleep to that.
You can probably see ISS real good out there…
LOL Bam Bam said not today Sir.... There is just so much to unpack in your videos got some of everything in it. Thanks for letting us be there with you. Keep em coming👍👍
MR. OWL, from the tootsie pop commercials
The unidentified animals at 11:40 could be chupacabras
Name the owl big Al
Hey, great video! You should name the Owl Twit Ta Hoo.
Depleting the aquifer for a pond is not a good use of resources.
Def a fox.
Name the Owl "H👀TY"
Sawndria
I had to subscribe. Your southern drawl is so relaxing and the progress you make on your projects is satisfying. You praising your wife and speaking fondly of your daughter is lovely. I wish you all the love and success with your family and projects.
Name the owl Tootsie Pop after the old commercials
That's one aggressive fish 😤
Can’t wait to see the pond fully filled
Water looked filling up from last clip. Cheer.
fox
Any plans for ground water recharge?
Sure does look shallow like the flats down on the coast
kevin the owl
"OZZY" for the owl
Owl Bundy
Coyote
The owl can be Dr. Who.
in before the eagle eats your bass
owl name "Hootie"
When you put fish in the pond put tracker on them so you can find them and see how big they get
Why do you feed the deer?
Wow those ducks wouldn't make it without the enclosure. How would they survive without bamabass's assistance? Interesting to see everything it takes to successfully achieve this completed pond build. And the trouble shooting and fixes on the fly it demands.
First mystery animal appeared to be mongoose
Love when you upload!!! Be safe everyone ❤️💛
Thought it would be fuller than that
Name the Owl "Hoot"
Hootie the owl.
OWL = Oscar (the Owl) or Poe (Edgar Allen)
AND something else as well ,,, right at the beginning of min 5:40 right hand side of screen @mid point,,, black shadow begins in frame moving to the left into  frame.  Looks like a four leg something. :-))) keeping a close eye on the deer.
Keep the Blue birds. They are better than the sparrows. Keep up the good work!. Great videos.
'Weird Owl Yankovic' for the Owl
Tootsie! Owl name. Cause how many licks does it take
How about "HOOTERS" for the Owl LOL
@5:40top right corner, you have a little critter hunting.!
Call the owl, "Marshall" since you already have a sheriff...
Le Roy the owl!
YES YOUR ON TRENDING
The owl should be named shadow or some thing mystic
Name the owl blowfish like hooty and the blowfish
“Hooty” the owl
Amazing 🇹🇹 🇹🇹🇹🇹
Great videos! I'm not particularly an outdoorsman, but these videos show so many beautiful things. You're doing great at showing just how amazing this world can be. It's bursting with life, even in such a small area of the world. The Crimson Oak Pond will be a destination on my bucket list. Keep on man and Roll Tide!
Make a log cabin
Always look forward to  Sunday night BamaBass! Always a great format and interesting things going on at the farm. How about "OWLABAMA" for the owl name or another maybe "hoolio Jones"! Appreciate all that you and your family do to create great videos.
what about albert or owlbert
You should name the owl "old hooter"
Mystery animals are long tail weasels
So this is why their a water shortage
Maybe buy frozen mouse/rat or breed your own to feed the carnivores so they won't bother the duck.
Totally fox
Hawks are used to being around tractors! I've counted 26 Hawks one time around where I was disking waiting! They know there will be small animals coming out! They would fly if you got too close to them!
Name the Owl “Hootie”.😊
How about Hootie and the blow fish
I wanna thank you for content that I didn’t know I needed until I stumbled onto it.
Whatever you do, Don't call the owl "Archimedes" lol
Great video , you should call the owl   night stalker
I think your mystery animals are otters.
You should name the owl the bayou bird
Name the owl Hamer, after Frank Hamer who chased and killed Bonnie and Clyde.
Like listening to Gomer Pyle
Man I love yalls videos!! Been watching from the start of the backyard small pond..
Name the Owl NAPOLEON.
You should name the owl olly the owl. With your left over pylons you should make some cribs for your panfish.
Is Moby a largie
Name the owl WHO. So when people ask you what the owl's name is, you say Who. It throws them off.  Kinda like saying, "my friend sounds like a gay owl!" And your friend replies, "who??"
‘Hootie’ for the owls name 😂
This may be a little too obvious but I think you should name the owl Nocturne. 🦉 😁
Name the owl Bernie!
Call the owl crazy Coooter
,,,,,hello..!...........watching in land o' lakes,wi....we're all into this here,,wow,,talk about a real project,,,dream on...this is why we like youtube,,,,,,,,,,,New fans here,keep it going to see progress....pat& family.
I say you call it wilbert
Hootie of Hootie and the Pondfish (although Owl Capone is a good one!)
Will any plant life grow in the clay bottom?
Great stuff.  Looking forward to seeing the pond full and the water clear.
Would be kool to call the owl  JOHNNY LAW!!
That’s a big ass hawk
Name the owl Hooty.
Name the Owl "Hooter" lol
Lord loves a clever man. Good works
Really an epic pond! Enjoying the build very much, your doing a great job! Keep up the good work!
Omar the Owl!
What are your plans for pond vegetation?
I think the owls name should be Whoover (pronounced Hoover)
Those are just stars with the moon not shooting stars on your time-lapse. Love the channel. Nice build. Can’t wait to see the pond full and all the lights on
You should call him Tootsie. From the commercial of Tootsie roll Mr. Owl does two lick before biting it instead.
Owl, Hooter
I like the name Ollie for the Owl.
The owl " U - Hoot " .
Great job on the pond, maybe one day when we are passing through,,I can stop by and do some fishing. I'll bring the food and beer. I know it's none of my business but I have to ask how much is this costing you, ballpark number. Peace and love Joe and Karen
Is it just me or does anybody else feel like there should be more cover in the pond? I have no clue just curious, obviously he knows a lot more than me. Anyways, love the video as always, best series on YouTube
Can we get a group of ducks ??
Warden. Please name the owl Warden.
The owls name should be who
I think you should name the owl, Bird the owl.
Oakie, the big Owl
Call the owl. Hooty
Looking at the video and seeing the fox I can bet that they are not grey fox but red fox.  They come in all sizes but the giveaway is the puffiness of that tail, grey's are never  as full as that was.   As for the owl how about " Wesley Snipes" for all his sniper dive bombs
Name the owl "who."
Ol hoot for the owl.
Owl Name…Head Lights!
Enjoying your series. Thank you. And thanks to my brother Steve for introducing it to me. One suggestion I'd make; that's a nice Duck Coop, but if you want to take it to a whole nother level, checkout Carolina Coops. Anything from prebuilt kits shipped to you, or a customer coop fabricated and built on site.  **I have no affiliation with them, but I roughly built my coop after their design.
Video on trending cool
you should name the owl olive the owl or orvil
"Hootie" or the owl :)
Awesome! Wood ducks will have their babies jump out of the duck boxes and into the water so you may want to turn the hole to face the water.
Owl is named Tootsie! 💕 🦉 just like the tootsie pop owl
Should name the Owl "Hooter"
If you eventually intend to let the ducks lose on the pond you might consider some shelters for them to escape to. Something like a floating tent with no bottom. Or even a guardian dog or geese.
You should get moby tagged before you release him in the pond so when u fish and catch him you know it’s him
Name the owl Big Al
Possum
Hello can we name the Big Owl.   "Hooty Hoo"
Water pumped from the ground is a non renewable resource. It could take thousands of years for the water to replenish that you pumped out. Just so your aware you can't pump forever.
Zip line? Rope swing?
Al, the owl!
You should name the owl Odin the way he watches over the pond is like how Odin watches over the 9 realms
Arcadia...for the Owl name!
I think the owl could be named “Big Al” you call him that anyway, it’s just a twist on the spelling.
Do you hunt the deer, you sure do have a little honey hole to yourself if you do
Such a fkn waste of water nowadays smh!!
Owl's name: Hootie
First time watching one of you’re videos. Can gladly say I’ll be watching many more! Love the pond!
Is it just me or does one end seem like it’s gonna fill up way before the other
those orbs are just planes mostly
Build just a simple floating raft that animals IE birds can land on it while it's on the water. Obviously it won't be able to hold a human but for animals it would be lovely
Owl-Abama Tootsie
You should build a log cabin type structure
call the owl barley
Owlbert
Owl Pacino
I like Owlbert for the the owls name
You should name the Owl security due to Alcatraz and the Bayou and you should do some lilies on the bass teepee
How about Hoot for the owl's name?  Barred Owls (known as Hoot Owls) are a nocturnal species of owls found in Alabama.
Loving this. Please keep them coming. I can't wait to see the finish.
"Bright Eyes" for the owl.
Ollie Owl.
Doctor who would be hilarious!
Do you film 24/7 in the duck pin? I wanna see that hawk interaction
There are no shooting stars, those are meteorites.  Just clumps of rock, dust, and iron burning up in the atmosphere.  They're probably jets and meteorites.
Doing a raindance for you buddy!
Use the leftovers and build a walkout deck for the island
Nice find.. to watch late night... Please do upload video bit quicker..
Makes you wonder what type of human could dislike this video
I watch your videos with my son when we eat dinner. He says the owl should be called "Hunter". Loving the series!
What's the life expectancy of a bass and bluegill?
Name the owl Ronald
I would caution you on that light by the oak stump.  It’ll draw all the bait from the stump to that light and they’ll get wiped out.  Your bait fish nursery areas should be protected.  That light will end up leaving that oak stump empty.
Why dont u build an duck shelter on the island to protect them if u get ducks
The OWL 🦉 name should be : BRANDON 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Pajarito
will Moby be introduced to the 5acre pond? He is a beast now. If he got to swim around in the 5acre, he would become a giant
what about plants for the pond? dont you need a bunch to keep the pond sustainable?
"Friend Owl" -bambi
I love everything about this channel!
Big Owl is a good name sounds very close to Big Al, RTR.
This pond is never getting filled 😂
Thought you might be having problems with the well or something.  I forget just how big that pond is. Glad to see a video at any rate.  Keep them coming.  🙂👍
You should name him fredy
instead of making a second one in another part of the pond, just double the size of the teepee.  but i don't really know anything so it makes sense if you think i'm stupid.
name the owl Tootsie Pop
Name the owl Allan or AL for short lol
Oliver the owl
Ferrets are not wild, but their cousins, the weasel, the vermin, and the Polecats, ferrets are sold at petsmart!LOL
Love this Channel!
Name the owl Archimedes
Pond is looking great!  I feel bad for those ducks when the hawk came around, I would have gone over to make the hawk leave and end the ducks torment.  Glad their safe in their run but that is terrifying for them.  Will they be kept in the safety of the run at night once the pond is done and you let them out or will they just be let out and on their own? With so many birds of prey I’d be terrified for them lol
Epic series throughout! Glad all is coming together.
Your trending again awesome 👏 👍 😃
The owl in the movie Rockadoodle is named The Grand Duke…. So maybe Duke?
Instead of an assumed owl name like Hooter, how about Sparkle as the eyes shine so brightly in the night vision cmaera shots.
LOVE ITTT
Shoot the hawk next time
Definitely a fox
yes thats a fox
Name the owl? How about "Hoot Gipson." If you don't know who that is.....
They look like Otters
Amazing content! I love watching your videos!
Really? Nobody likes the name, "Owl Capone"?
Your new mystery animal looks like a big opossum.
Name the owl “ what .”    You. Hey come see my owl what. Friend: who?  You: my owl. What.  What? Who?  You: my owl.
Name the owl =Big Al
Oh my gosh the foxes are so cute!!
“Owl Capone”
How many pounds is Moby ?
that small animal was a possum
Name the owl Billy for Billy the Kid
Why don't you name him Al the owl?
Croox for the owl.
that is a brown eagle
Tootsie for the owl! For tootsie roll pops
powell the owl
So I am guessing you use well water or are we going to see on the news that the state of Alabama is having a drought
Hootie, all day
At what point does a pond stop being a pond and starts being a lake?
Arnold the Owl
Finally.....the waiting kills Me... great Job inspired from south africa 🇿🇦
I vote for Alabama badgers in the first clips, grey foxes on the coming clips.
Keep up the videos!  They are great!!!!!
The owl has to be Bonnie, seeing as it loves bonnies bayou!
Dr Hooo     good name I think
the name should be watcher
I think the owl should be called Owl Capone!!!
The light @ 13min or so looks like the ISS
A night live stream on twitch would be nice :D
cus it was alcatraz island you shuld name it Clarence Anglin, John William Anglin, and Frank Lee Morris.
can’t wait to see it finished great video keep up the good work
Those a defiantly satellites
I have 2 large Redtail Hawks that hunt all the time during the day at my 1/2 acre pond . Them ducks won't last long .
Build a Tiki bar.  Put a Traeger pellet smoker in close proximity to the Tiki bar so you can cook a Brisket while you fish.    Doing it BIG son!!!
What about Ottis the owl 🦉
It goes without saying, but usually a continuous bright light across a absent sun sky is a satellite (check your forecast, it could be the ISS overhead). My son and I usually try to catch one cycle overhead at night or in the morning each month. I'm an engineer as well; Its pretty neat to think scientists are working inside that light you see going across the sky. Great video!
Owlfred
You could call him Al the Owl.
Your pond looks amazing. My vote is for Owl Capone 🦉.  Love the series. Thanks, Bill
I have thoroughly enjoyed the videos of your pond build over the summer.  By just looking at all the likes and comments you may have created a monster!  Keep the videos coming.
Those poor ducks are under constant seige 😂😂
What do bass do with a tepee?
So hyped up on this I just found a old farm pond behind my house I never knew was there caught a 6 pounder on the 3rd cast I’d love them lights they are gonna be lethal at night
Great update!
Name the Owl A&M
Wow
It's not a pond if you have to fill it yourself.
Before the pond gets too full if it hasn't already the 90 at the end of the fill line you might want too extend it up so it will be about 2 to 3 feet above the water.
It’s been oddly relaxing watching you build this from da beginning
Great to see more progress!
Name the owl Hooover
why don't you shoot the pests
You should name the owl Mr. Hooters
I’m pretty sure they are 🛸,I won’t be surprised if they go hang out in your property once the pond is done
Name the owl "the rock" for alcatraz island's nick name
I'm from England an I'm hooked to this channel now you guys get all the fun, best wishes
Robert Stroud was known as the Birdman of Alcatraz, there's a movie about him. I'd say he'd be a good candidate for the name but Robert Stroud doesn't sound like much of an owl name. Oh shiiiiit you could call him Bob and it'd be a double reference with Twin Peaks!
name the owl, Owl Capone
Man I can’t wait to see this all filled!
Harry the hooter
Definitely gray foxes with the black tips on their tail.
Could that be Fishers @11:37?
Raccoons killed all four of my ducks. Well, one specific raccoon. A big fella who actually ripped through the chicken wire to get in.  The next day I repaired the hole and baited a live catch trap with the last duck egg we had and next morning I had about a 35 lb guy in the trap. He was so big his fur was sticking out on all side of the cage that he'd barely squeezed into.
Name the owl Hooter
Omar the Owl
You should definitely build a gazebo or other permanent structure out on the island, somwhere where you can get out of the sun when its beaming down but still able to throw some casts
Hooty the Owl
Name the Owl, "Archimedes".  It means Master Planner and was the name of Merlin's owl.
Owlchimedes .... Like  the owl in sword and the stone~!
I guess it's satellites, jets and falling stars would be way too fast
Sorry I don’t remember if this was said or not, but is the 5 acre pond going to have aquatic plants planted, or will it just let nature take its course?
you should make that Tipi longer also you should consider putting some catfisch and trout in the pond as well
Name the owl, "Al."
Name the Owl, Oscar.
With the extra pilings you should build an under water wall.
Man that shit is huge! Wowww
Is there anywhere where you mention what type of game camera's you're using?  The images are fantastic.
Al the Owl
I’m a State of Alabama licensed Falconer, I’ve had hawks follow me around while bush hogging, numerous times. If you ever get the chance to go on a squirrel hunt with a falconer, don’t pass up the opportunity, it’s an amazing experience!
Can’t wait to see the pond fully filled!! Gonna be epic once it’s all established 🎣
Hoo-Dini for the owl?
I guess depending on rainfall it will probably take about 45-50 days to fill this pond. Could be way off, but that’s my guess
Pretty sure that first mystery animal was a possum.
I would say named the owl hootie
Those mystery animals kinda look like fishers, or badgers maybe
I swear I heard "big Al" instead of big owl.  😂  I actually had a friend with that name in highschool.  Ponds comin' along nicely Steven!  That tee pee looks great!
My favorite series on the tube atm
Your ducks would be safer, if they went in the shed at night, lock them in for a few nights and they'll get the idea
Bob
You should put cameras inside the bird houses...that would be another youtube channel.
Beautiful time lapse!
Those are just jets.
Name the owl hootie.
The Owl's name is BrightBurn... inspired by its glowing eyes 🦉
Al the owl
The Orionid Meteor Shower peaked a few days ago. Not very good with the full moon this year, but that is most likely why there were so many. You can see Orion crossing that part of the sky.
If you let them ducks out they will be eaten...
100% those streaks were jets.
The pond plants are bussin
Should light up the oak stump, then it would never be forgotten.
The cinematography in your videos deserve awards. That night scene was unreal
Why's that bass so pissed off? Sheesh. I've never seen anyone or anything seem so ungrateful for food. Lol
The best name I think for the owl would be Colonel Stonehedge
Name the owl Professor Wise
A name for the owl!?!? Suggestion! Powell! Pronounced as (pow-wull). Powell the Owl! 🦉:) Duh! Lol Amazing project, guys! You're truly master crafters! Eternally happiness to you and yours!
Can you go swimming in the next video in the pond ?
Bring in a goose to help the ducks
Mr. Moby's a head banger
I’m a pilot, those were airplanes, I don’t think the time lapse would have picked up shooting stars cuz the frame rate was so slow
Owl: Hootie   ...and the Pond Fish
The Owl:  Tootsie Pop.  How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop?  One, Two, Three....Three!
To bad you didn’t have a creek that runs through your land , you could have redirected it as long as it didn’t disturb the flow down stream . My uncle , my cousin & I did this same thing but it was 60 acres with 6 natural springs & a Redirected creek . It filled up in a week to 10 days .
Al the owl
Water bill gon be high
Night Guard for the owls name he is there almost every night watching it
Maybe you could name the owl. Grampaw. He is an old wise one.
Looking forward to "Filling the pond part 47"
I  thought you called him Big Al. Great series! Been waiting for an update!!!
I hate to say it but it is not looking good for the ducks surviving all the predators that are there. I hope that you can find a way to keep them safe
I'm hooked on your vids bro
"Pitcher?" Does this have context about baseball?
Your nighttime moon rise time lapse was amazing
Freaking love watching this pond hahah! I don’t even know why but you should probably drain it when it’s full and start over!
Why fill it before winter? Also the back corner looks a bit low for comfort.
you should have waited to get your ducks. at the very least you should take the whole coop back near your house... this is basically cruel and unusual punishment...
the green in the water is algae...
Name the owl Peter, for no reason at all
You should put some plants to help clean the water, no? I have a bad feeling about these ducks...
Thank you for sharing these videos and this pond build. It's genuinely fascinating and I'm jelly :)
Chesterfield for 🦉
Crowley
owl-abama
Not even kidding I had a dream where this pond was finished and I was fishing it💀🤣
I didn’t scroll through all the comments, so sorry if it’s been said, but I’d call him “Big Al”.
12:05 What's that flying there in the background?
Split the posts and stack them and make a cabin style hut! That would be neat good job tho!! Sending positive vibes from michigan
But they say there not enough water
Call it Hedwig. The name of the owl in the harry potter franchise
Al the owl
Eight he rest of the cut offs use them and make a stacked square with em so they can come in and out from multiple spots and you shouldn’t get caught in it too bad
the mystery animal looks like a Minx
Was the bird a red tailed Buzzard ?  Love your channel thank you
There are times that you can see the International Space Station at night.
How about Al the Owl?
How do you dechlorinate a body of water this size?
Name the owl "Nicodemus"
Name the owl “Whiskers”
Epic series throughout! Glad all is coming together.
"OWL"BERT
Poor ducks, they have a death sentence if they ever get released from detention........as for the owl, i'd say "Hooty" the Owl
Those ducks aren't going to last long..
Spartacus for the owls name 👍🏻 nice to see loads of wildlife around the pond
Man I wanna see the pond filled with fish already
Owl should be named Overwatch
satellites (12.45) keep a steady continuous path and speed. Shooting stars appear in the sky suddenly fly of a small but very energetic moment and burn out sort of fade away in your sight. Sometimes you even see an exploded break up at the end if it is a real big one.
would really love to know what the costs of the pond build were?
Put out a couple scarecrow's
So happy to see the progress.  Name to Owl HOOTIE- and his Blowfish Bonnie and Clyde 🤣🤣
Make a floating raft with the logs. Huckleberry finn raft.
I vote for Charlie the Owl. From a childhood tv show in the 70's. New Zoo Revue.
Name the owl Hoot
Floating log for the ducks and turtles
I recommend stocking bass pike perch and bluegills, but if you want a good renewable source of bass food year round, go for some common carp! I know the negative myths abt carp, but with a good amount of predators carp are harmless (and a great sport fish because of the strength they have, and good eating).. and of course a bunch of plantlife! If you want a good healthy pond with clear water, plant a ton of waterlillies and cattails :)  i would however watch out with stocking goldfish and catfish.. goldfish populations can get out of control easily, and catfish can just eat a bunch of the other fish in the pond.
Name for the pet owl. Archimedes. And for the grey foxes Robin Hood and Maid Marian.
Dude sounds exactly like the “southern dad” TikToks
those ducks are doomed.
How much do you think Moby weighs?
emdocs going to need some Xanax to keep calm from the hawk... and the owl should be named stalker
Maybe call the owl "Bubo". who was the metal owl sent by the gods to help Perseus in his quest in Clash of the Titans.
I think the owl should be named JJ (short for James Johnston) who was the famous warden of Alcatraz. His nickname was "The Golden Rule Warden".
How much does Mr. Moby weigh??
Oh and you can make the cabin pretty safe Airbnb allows cameras and you have cameras outside already, it’s far enough from your house, might be a bit more comfortable knowing someone isn’t so close, I just love this pond build and what a weekend spot and you’d be making money in the process. Or one of those ranch like weekend spots that people are able to get out and play in the mud and fish, plant trees or whatever, go for hikes! I thought they were weasels at fist but they look like small foxes, could it be a cross breed? Grey fox and maybe a different breed of fox if you guys have that in bama, we have regular foxes here in Florida.
its looking good
Hootie should be the owls name.
Whoever is reading this I pray you see turn around in whatever worries you. All things will work together for your good. Romans 8:28
I love moby!
Are you gonna post a video of that nice buck your wife shot????
Gorgeous!!!!! You could build a little cabin close to the pond and rent it out on Airbnb, of course I need to be the first to rent it out. Seriously please think about it haha and the owls name, Bartholomew, Schnittke but that might be hard for some to pronounce
ISS…..and what looks like a rocket Launch
The owl should be named “the sheriff” because he’s always scouting everything out!
That more recent footage definitely looks to be a grey fox.
Owl Name:  Archimedes.   From The Sword in the Stone cartoon movie.
Should of pun the wire to lights through pvc just incase it comes uncovered and when fishing you don't snag it the bait would go over smooth my 12 year old boy suggested it. Great series we enjoy it so much. He also said put a dog house on island get some type of guard water dog puppy start training him or her that's home you protect our farm animals from these critters. We seen a duck pond in Massachusetts  with an island with dog house and they used Portuguese waterdog English Labrador retriever (the huge head ones) Swiss mountain dog like flair has. You need a guardian dog give your pets a fighting chance
I'm interested in which type of grass you think is the best in controlling the erosion into the pond? I have a pond that is fed by run off so I'm working out how to filter the water as best I can. Love the content here and I've picked up a few ideas for my 2nd pond build. Keep up the great work!
Awesome! Keep up the great work.
How deep is your well?
I think you should name the Owl The Warden or just Warden as he seems to like Alcatraz.
You should name the owl Owlbert.
With that camera yes you will pick up satellites. They shouldn't blink (though some tumbling satellites do "flash". That bright slow moving object could have been the ISS. It moves about that fast across the night sky and depending on when it flies over and at what altitude it can get quite bright as it reflects sunlight.
Owly the owl
You should add a blue bird nesting box on the back of the those wood duck boxes.
This series is soo good that it is on trending
Name the owl : Tootsie
I know they’re a lil aggressive, but you should make something that sticks a little out of where the final water level will be, for owls to be able to chill somewhere too
The stars in the sky are stationary. What you are seeing in the time-lapse is the rotation of the Earth. The same way you see telephone polls zoom past the truck as you drive along. One of my favorite parts of time lapse.
Sheriff for the owl
You might check the schedule of the International Space Station and when it is due to pass over your area.  It is clearly visible with the naked eye and would likely glow on a night shot like the ones you've included.
👍
That hawk is a 🐸
you should call the owl Mickey because he likes mice
YESSSSSS!!!! Lookin good brother such a sweet lil series
Oakley the owl
The owl definitely has to be called "Hamer" after the Texas Ranger who tracked down Bonnie and Clyde.  He's out there providing the Law.
what cameras do you use??? good quality and good field of view!
It's insane how deceiving the depth of the pond actually is. When it is empty it looks shallow enough but seeing how long it takes to fill and as it is filling we can clearly see that that is not the case.
Name the Owl Al. Al the Owl.
Them ducks are fucked 🤣 everything wants duck spring rolls
Owlphonso
Al The Owl
Hootie!
The left over poles you could use them for a dock protecter when boats come in maybe hanging tires around dock
Build a log cabin for the bass with the leftovers!
U the man feeding the wildlife is luvley thanku
From our Family to your Family  Happy Halloween 🎃
What about Belgium snow pea???
Your back!!! Thank you so much your videos are awesome thanks again
Love this series! For the Owl, I like the name Rufus. Rufus McCain was a prisoner at Alcatraz who attempted to escape on July 13th 1939. After being recaptured he was sent to solitary confinement for 22 months.
I hope I have the honor of being able to fish this pond.  Love the story.
owl should be  ernie
Fisher
Awesome work, Red Tailed fox 🦊
I thought they looked too big to be weasels.
Name the owl "Hooter"
If it was me I'd name the owl after one of my favorite Disney movies as a kid "The Sword in The Stone"  Merlin's friend owl, Archimedes.  More of an obscure reference but those that get it, get it.
You should name the owl Bonnie
When will you add some water plants?
Moby is a chunk. Been killing it here in Texas bass fishing.
Awesome progress on this epic project. Thanks for sharing. Exciting to see it come together. Hootie is a big owl!
Owl Capone !!!!!
I don’t get jealous of much, but this, I am jealous of!   Thank you for sharing
Yeah last week we had 2 meteor showers the peak had 20 meteors per hour
Name the owl, Al.
Those ducks will never be allowed to get out or they’re someone’s dinner
Name the owl Hooty
Hedwig from Harry Potter would be a great name!
Best pond build on youtube
I think the unknown animals are Badgers 🦡. 🤷‍♂️ why nobody is seeing it?
Could you use those cutoffs for a viewing bench on or near the dock?
At 5:39 who saw that thing in the top right. Looks like a coyote or a hog. But it's hard to tell
Can't wait to see big foot on one of these videos one day.
This was one of my favorite videos yet!  Can't wait for the next one!
Love this series! How about "J. Edgar Hooter" for the owl.
Definitely a grey fox pretty common to Alabama
Owlabama
Maybe you could build an island were the water is not so high yet and place the duck cage there so there are more protected
This is so awesome
The owls name should be “Big Al”
im starting a petition to make this property a sanctuary area! youre taking such good care of the wild life! you will have this area for generations to enjoy
Any water plants in mind?
Name the Owl, Hooters
The owl should be called Guard, because he "guards" the pond
Hope that owl don’t go fishing and take Bonnie and Clyde
can you explain the purpose of the lights please? I feel like it would make fish want to be away from them at night, so are they just for looks?
Been loving this series, glad I found it. Thanks for taking the time to document this process. I'll never look at ponds the same again!
Best pond build best series ever just like 1 rod said
Hootie and the bad fish? 😆
Name the Big Owl, Big Al
Noticed all the foillage in the backyard pond. Will you add foilliage to the five acre pond? And, maybe a filtration/aeration system?
Name the Owl Hoot
I really like what you are doing.
This series has been Phenomenal!! Thank You!!
Keep it simple! I think you should name the big owl "Big Al." (Perfect for southern accents!)
LOVED that time lapse shot of the night and morning--please add one of those to every video!!
"Barney" the owl?
Old brown for the owl 🪶🦉
I think you should call the Owl, Olly  Olly The Owl
why dont you plant a tree on the island  with his roots it wil keep the island in one place and it is nice for the birds and it provides some shadow for the wild ducks
My son and I love your series on Youtube.  He came downstairs yesterday and said Dad BamaBass has a new episode!!  So, we were watching the recent episode about naming the owl and he came up with a very cool name for the Owl.  Since you are playing off the Alcatraz Island theme, he thought "OWL CAPONE" would be a pretty cool and creative name.  I was so impressed with his answer.  So he said Dad can you comment to them with that.  He is still at the age where we feel that he is too young for Social Media, so I told him I would submit it for him.  He is an extremely avid Fisherman and loves watching all your shows.  He said it would be a lifelong dream to come and fish in your pond!!  Thanks for providing great "family friendly" content!!
This is the best series on Youtube and it's not close.
I think the owl should be named Aggie. Since it murders everything in Alabama....
Howler could be the name of the owl
Owlabama
Name the owl “AL” you can hardly tell if you are calling it an owl or AL. I chuckle
Hootie would be a good owl name.
you have an immense amount of predatory wildlife on that property, i really hope the ducks don't get taken
What a life👍👍👍
Too bad you have no blowfish, you could call the owl Hootie
Can’t wait for the stocking. This blows Nat Geo away.
You should put up a bat house as well to help with mosquito control.
Owl name= Tootsie. Like the old commercial lol
Yep Gary Fox 10 4.
You should get some catail
Would love to see more night time time lapse shots 🤘🤘
Ducks were never gonna fit in those houses
Call the owl "Bright Eyes"
Dammit damn bring in water trucks I don't want a part 4 or 5 of the fill its taking forever 😫
Should name the owl Hamer for the Texas ranger who hunted down Bonnie and Clyde.
Those ducks will have a hard time to survive there
I know them ducks be stressing 😂😂
Hooty the owl
Leeroy the Owl
If the ducks are ever let loose at the pond I give them 24 hours.
Big Al the Owl!
I say name the owl Bonnie...as she's already laid claim to that stump with her name on it.
I have watched most of the videos but can never catch the depth when the pond is completed.  Can someone confirm?
It seems obvious but you have to name the owl Big Al
Your ducks are going to be history
How about Hootie The Owl
Wood ducks won’t use a house that is visible, it needs to be pretty hidden
Are you sure about that 100gallon a minute figure? Seems a bit less from that flow. Great project, once the water clears it will be a amazing
Here is a name for the Owl ( Hootie ).
The big owl should be aptly-named Big Al.
owl -> prOWLer
Mystery animal this week is 100% an opossum
At 5:40, looks like there is a coyote or something following the deer, appears for about 2 seconds on right side of screen.
Call the Owl Joker, because he's a hoot.
All those animals think the ducks are their personal feeding station.
Bonnie and Buddy's Bayou (Buddy The Owl)
Owlcatraz!
At 11:32, looks like a opossum....
are you going to put a boat in it?
Why did you not put plants in the pond to filter and clean the water ???
You should get a Turkey.  Turkey's will go toe to toe with a hawk.
Filling up fast!  Will it continue to pump out once the water level passes your pvc stack?  Or will you have to keep adding sections?  I imagine it will continue but it might not be as efficient if its a couple feet under water.    Love seeing all the wildlife that visits!  As always can't wait to see more progress.
those ducks not gonna survive long once you let them out
Otis the owl
Orion was the constellation below the moon, probably the Orionid meteor shower.
Why dont they create any depth in your area?  Seems mighty shallow.
Thanks for these videos
I'd say for the owls name since you just put glow lights in the fish pond. It only seems fitting to go with Hootie and the Glow Fish.
Ninja the owl
Alf the Owl
Owl name: Jeff
You should name the owl Archimedes, like the owl from The Sword in the Stone.
Moby is going to have to skip the backyard pond, and go directly to the 5 acre pond!
Great job, love the moon shot you took and all the movement in the sky at night thank you
Name the owl, Tony Hawk
🦉 Al the Owl 🦉  😀
Name the owl Hooters
Hootie Hamer for the owl after Francis Augustus Hamer the law enforcement officer who chased Bonnie & Clyde. Loving this series <3
Paradise!! Love it!! Been a fan for a while and love seeing y’all grow
When the ducks disappear lol you know what happened
AS FOR THE EXTRA DOCK POST. YOUR COULD STACK THEM IN A SQUARE VERTICALLY. KINDA LIKE A LOG CABIN MAYBE.
I'm sorry to say but those ducks are gonna be hawk food as soon as you let them out
Name  that owl toostie roll pop.. if you know  than you  know
the object in the sky at 12.50 is the international space station (ISS)
NAME THE OWL "HOOTIE" FROM HOOTIE AND THE BLOWFISH...
I stumbled upon your channel by accident and I sure am glad I did. Your videos are interesting and very  cool .Thanks for the show. You`ve got me hooked just like a 9 pounder.
owlery mc owl face
Woodsy owl. Give a hoot don't pollute.
You should tag your bass so you no witch one they are.
Hooters
Owl name: Hootie (for Hootie and the blowfish)! Pond/fish, hootie/owl... seems to go together! And can you some how make bird nests out of the other pilings? Like cut into them then put a cover with a hole over the cutout!
HOOTIE
Love what you are creating.. Its inspirational.. Thankyou for supporting and nurturing such a great relationship with nature.. Bless.. ✨🌟✨Beautiful gift to all..
Stars. The Orion constellation is very easy to ID from his 3 star belt
Maybe a log seating near the dock, definitely owl capone for the owls name
I’m not even a big fishing guy but this project has me hooked!… see what I did there?… can’t wait to see it full! Cheers 🍻
"THE WARDON" for the Owl. Great series, keep them coming!!!
With the spare logs, you could pile them up on Alcatraz Island to create a insect hotel. All sorts of critters will love that
Sara Kochan mentioned “Owl Capone” that’s brilliant. 🦉👍
ufo
Foxes will start to move towards fruits and veggies in the fall, they usually snack on insects during the summer. They are wonderful to watch as they hunt though, very smart.
Owlbert.
looks like a fox in the right corner @5:40
Hootie
Awesome!!!
Apologies, im sure you have answered this. What camera do you use for the wildlife video near the duck house. Also for the time compression shots?
This may be a corny/simple name lol,but how about simply calling him “Mr. Owl”.i don’t know if you guys remember the tootsie pop commercial with the boy and the owl but thats my 2 cents…..P.S this is a great series and even better project i always look forward to sundays for an upload/update
I’d called the owl Hooter, and the teepee idea is awesome with those left over pilings, it would be cool also if you found some nice long logs to to drag into the pond in a bunch of places along the edges like nature lay downs!!
I'm sure its been asked and I just missed it, but what cameras are you using?
Ollie the Owl!
The thing you think are shooting starts are most likely "TR-B3" in action. and before you call it a ufo, it isent. the us military have had that tech since the early 90th ;)
Bam Bam showing that Hawk who is boss lol :)  Great episode thanks for sharing!
For the owl I'd call him Hootie Houdini
I'm really enjoying this. Thank you.
You need to get a new small bass
Name the owl "Hoot"
Name the owl "Wizol." Wizol owl.
Hootie
Imagine everything wanting to eat you.  Those duck's may not be long for this world
Al the Owl, but just Al
What's your plan with the pond when it's filled, will you plant it or let nature take it course.
Name the owl friend owl from Bambi
I hate to say it but I just dont see the ducks lasting long outside of the pin.
I think you should name the owl - DOUG - since owls are usually associated with wisdom and Doug Hannon is the Bass Professor :)
Love it brother can’t wait to build me one
Are you going to put the fish UP UNDER the water when your pond gets full?🤣 You're living the dream life my friend, thanks for sharing.
Owl Bundy
If only Mr. Moby knew what is being built out there for him
I think you should name the owl big mama from fox and the hound
Very nice to see you guys are back home and safe, thank you both for all you’re doing doing for us... keep up the great work 👍 and God Bless this farm and family !!!!
You have to name the owl Dr Who.
Peanut Oak Pond looks nice !😃
Name the owl Allen the call him “al” for short
Name the Owl "Hunter"
It’s looking fantastic 👍
"Big AL" the owl 🦉
Two of the mystery animals look like otters
You should name the big owl big al
👏👏👏👏👏
How about TOOTSIE for the owl from the old Tootsie Roll pops commercial?
Man I love this
Call the owl hooter.
Yeah your ducks don't stand a chance as soon as you let them out they're ringing the dinner bell.
Night hunter
Don't tthink them ducks are going to make it once you release them into the pond one of them predator birds is just going to swoop down and take them, that's just my opinion
Name the owl "Big Al" (big owl).  It's so obvious what he should be named even a Tennessee fan can figure it out!
You should call the Owl sheriff cause if he catches your done.
I'll gladly open the Gate for the hawk to feed on the ducks
I’m thinking name the owl “Hootie”
The owls name should be  " Owlbert "
Bro i am from India, Kerala i really love your work💕💕
Wednesday night was a meteor shower so it makes sense that you'd see some
Name it olly the owl
It would be cool if you made a few gourd birdhouses. They might help keep the hawk away.
Moby has a serious attitude problem 🧐
Name the owl Albert! Lol I know, so cliché.
Man that night time lapse was absolutely beautiful. I recently started working a job outdoors where I watch the sun rise everyday and it's making me appreciate my time on this earth. 🙏
What drone do you use
Call the owl  "Big Al"
Call the big owl, Big Al
You have both weasels and foxes.
Owlvis
So how many inches did the water lebel rise this week ?
How many months has it not been full of water?
I was waiting for videos since last week
Very interesting video. Just keep uploading <3
Name the OWL OWLY-BAMA
Hooty
What about gators? 🐊🐊🐊
You should call the owl Al. Al the owl
Texas Opossums the one after the raccoons
Big respect to you guys for not only putting your focus on the pond but to all the other animals in the area. Helping them out with food water and a healthier environment that they can thrive in, it will do wonders for the ecosystem.
Al the Owl
Al the owl!
Spooky  the owl for halloween
HOOTIE
Are you gonna plant any trees or bushes? The area looks a bit empty of shade and places for animals to hide
Bat boxes?
Name him Big Owl, Roll Tide
Name the owl frank after the Texas ranger who killed Bonnie and Clyde
Except for the last one, I think those lights are stars, which are effectively stationary as it's the earth's rotation that gives the sense of movement. I think the last one was a planet and, if I had to guess, I'd suggest Venus or maybe Jupiter.  If you have a lot of competition for nest boxes, it's probably time to make some more. I love how you spend time and money properly feeding the wildlife. No wonder the owl is staying put. It doesn't need to go farther afield for food.
Could you name the owl 'Owl Capone'. Seems to fit nicely with you other names. Either way, thanks for posting the videos  Edit: I've scrolled down the comments and this has already been suggested
I think you should name the owl Archimedes from Disney’s Sword in the Stone. It will go along with the Oak Throne theme.
You should cover those green lights with some sort of plastic box so you do not hook the bulb covers with any lures.    Love the videos.  Great work
Welcome back! How bout calling the wise owl 🦉 Liz. 😆.
The owl could be named Bartholomew. :)
Big AL the owl
🔥💕😍👌👍
:) looking good ! <3 moby ! man can't wait till you put his hungry big mouth in the pond :) put a dashcam on his head ;P
I personally would have taken a branch from the Oak and planted it on the island. If it then grew roots the tree would live on on the island but from a small tree again 😊
Hootie Hoo for the owl
The Owl should be named Al
Over here in California, it’s been storming all week, the worst of it finally fast sunny days are in sight
Over here in California, it’s been storming all week, the worst of it finally fast sunny days are in sight
Call the owl tootsie. “Hey Mr Owl. How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie rollcenter of a tootsie pop?”
Name the owl Hooty! Perfect fit.
Wood ducks being tree ducks require a drop, and then a hard bump from the landing to trigger them to begin eating.  The one concern is I normally see hardware cloth, or screen on the inside of the box, which allows the babies to grab onto, and then climb out of the nest box itself.  I didn't see this feature in these nest boxes
call the owl teat
This series is definitely gonna be inspiration for when I’m older and hopefully have property
Owl Capone
Maybe Oscar for the Owl
George for the owl!
Looks like minks and foxes
The owl's name should be owlfred
Stupid question, how do you change the bulbs when they go bad ? Thank you and thumbs up.
AAA ... Awesome Family + Awesome Farm + Awesome Pond
you could call the owl ...... AL
Are you planting any trees around the pond? Any in-pond vegetation?
Name it owlcatraz
Are you putting carp in the pond or just bass
12:42 Alabama re-discovers Mars lol
I like you looking after the th wildlife. It Amazing how this new place is attracting so much wildlife.it’s like a day or night out to a 5 star hotel for the wildlife 🤣🤣.. it’s looking really fantastic with more water in. Keep it going 🤙🏻🇳🇴
It's been really interesting watching the progress
Owl name should be Big Al
Don't forget us when ur famous lol...this is gunna be huge!
I rate you can start adding bluegill
You can call the owl "Hedwig"- the name of Harry's owl.
You need some dogs near your ducks
Call the Owl Nihm -  In the Secret of NIHM is the Great owl, so maybe name him after that? ;)
I’ve been waiting it feels forever for new episodes of your pond build . I love this series
Amazing to see such a project finally coming under way, all the way to finished! This guy is living a lot of peoples dream. I mean, how cool would it be to not only have your own pond, but to build one from scratch just the way you want?!! Outstanding!!
This is by far the best pond build I've ever seen. Can't wait to see it filled and full of bass
Grey Fox!     Fairwinds!
Those are just stars. The Earth rotates, so it looks like they're moving lol. It's the same reason the sun rises and sets.
Owl name: Earl.
Maybe try adding a few minnows in there, see if they breed so you can get a head start.
Gray Foxes
maybe do a bird community on the island too
ray charles could see those are two different animals.
I think planting an oak tree on alkatraz island would be a fun thing to do and it would make the island more duck friendly as it would give them some shade throughout the day.
Owl name - Hooter
Big Al the owl
You should name the owl HOOTY like hooty and the blow fish
Big Al the Big Owl
Hootie
Love watching but those ducks are gonna be  gone soon as they are released . 😢
100% fox
those ducks are not gonna make it man lol so many predators
I am following this series religiously indeed! So satisfying!
Name the owl. Night wing
Ollie the Owl. No reason. Maybe a box crib with excess wood?
Bout time I've been waiting for this
I've already been calling him Teddie!.... Big T for short.
Owls name has to be hoot lol
You should make a “tee-pee tunnel”
Cant wait for the future of this pond 10lbers all day long 😂, are there any cool species you're thinking about adding ?
Name the owl Hoot or Hooter
How about naming the owl "Bubo" from Clash if the Titans?
name the owl Deputy
You should install a toilet float in the ducks water so it auto fills and you don’t have to constantly fill it up.
These poor ducks. They are safe but do they know? So many predators at the duck house stressing them heavily. :( Love this series and your passion ...
the mystery animal is a headchock
they should add scarecrows so air predators don't attack them
You should put out cameras while the water level is still low. Underwater footage of the pond would be amazing. Love the videos, look forward to them every week. Thanks
Big al for the Alabama elephant would be a cool name for the owl
Name the owl jeff
Ooooo😯😯😯😯 the rare Sarah sighting.  They are elusive as the fabled bigfoot. Don't worry about all the naysayers and conspiracy theories about it being the real thing. Ive viewed many times and can't find any evidence of video tampering. It's gotta be the Sarah for real.
How about Capone, Owl Capone!!?
A small little basic cabin to put out there so you can spend the nights there would be super cool
Name the owl "hoot"
It's nice to be vindicated with the new grey fox footage.  It was crazy how anyone thought it was something else.  That new mystery animal is more difficult.  Looks like a mink to me.
Call the owl spooky
Yesssss!!!!
Name the owl Hoover
You know someone's a hobby farmer if they're actually growing food for grazing animals and not for sell to the market. LOL.
name the owl Hoot! Hoot!
Looking good. Glad I came across your channel. I've always wanted to build a bond. Awesome project. Name that owl, Ollie.
Bamabass, could be the International Space Station, It's the brightests satellite and definitely a cool sight to see!
Great videos. I think the duck house should be closer to the pond as they could use pond and house for shelter  Keep the videos coming good work from Australia
They are definitely satelites. That bright, wider one is the international space station...
Man she is looking good.   Quick question about the moon.  If you stand facing north, dose the moon come across the sky infrount or behind you.   Sorry if that sounds dumb
Woodsy the owl
dont build a teepee .... build either a small lean-to or two... or a steak bed or two MUCH better use of materials !!! name the owl Ollie .
You should board up a corner of that duck coop so predators can’t chase them in circles
So when ya gonna let a fellow Alabamaian come fishing/hunting on your beautiful place?
I love how quaint this entire series is.
The owl need to be named “Al”. Like Al Capone or Alabama…
Have you thought about adding side skirting around the bottom of the enclosed side of the duck house. I know, very wordy comment lol
Ally the Owl
They look like different animals. First ones looked like Weasels 100%... 2nd one def a fox
The pond looks really nice!  You wouldn't see a shooting star in the night time-lapse. Those were probably satellites. When starlink sends more and more of their satellites up you get more and more of those.
wow i thought that would been full by now. awesome build by the way. :)
THe Owl should be named "Owley the Owl"
Man let me tell ya, you can't scare off a hungry Hawk. When I had chickens they would look me dead in the face standing only 5 feet away from them. That big one you have there will get those ducks in broad daylight as soon as you let them out of that hut. Hawks are beautiful but they are straight killers period.
With the number of aerial predators around the pond i seriously suggest getting few geese. Those guys take no nonsense and will definitely help keep the other ducks safe
OTIS THE OWL
I've absolutely loved the pond series!
name the owl Archimedes, Merlin's pet owl from the Sword and the Stone
We all know that owls should be names “owlette”
Al the owl
Make a fish log house with the left over pilands
I’m no expert or a Debbie downer but that pond looks way too big and way too shallow to continually hold water.
Can we name the owl Osker?
Owl's name should be AL (sounds like owl and is Alabama abbreviation)
And yes they are foxs. They move the same as the other videos
You should feed Moby a bluegill.
Why not trap the raccoons and move em somewhere else if not take ‘em out? Would hate to see your daughter hear of them being dead cause of raccoons. Now the owl and hawks are a different story
Those look like the stars traveling through the time lapse.  They seem to be moving at the same rate as the moon
I'm beginning to think the duck house is a horrible idea for THE DUCKS. Stress sucks for them. Take it out!
you could make a tunnel pyramid out off the pilings
Yep, now that I see the other footage, definitely gray foxes. Them, the bobcat and coyotes should keep the fields clear of rodents and rabbits. Also, have you thought about using shrubs for erosion control? Like planting some a few (5-15) yards back from the edge of the pond in the highest erosion zones.
Going along with the Alcatraz theme, how about naming the owl Frank Morris? He's famous for being one of the very few who managed to escape the prison.
Owl Bundy Owlbert Einstein Owlabama
The owl could be named ”Big Al”
Call the owl 🦉 bandaid 😉…..get it? 😂
Anyone else notice the Teepee looks like eeyore's hut?
This is really amazing.... Would you mind sharing about how much you think or will cost you when its all said and done?
Name the owl. Big Al
Love these videos!!
Iv been waiting haha u made a great series mate watching from down under here in Australia only thing I was disappointed with was when I caught up on then all and was none to watch haha
I wouldn't get too attached to those ducks lol
UFO
I would put something to do a fire pit are near the dock
owl  = Wardens sharp eyes
Name the owl Hedwig.
You are amazing people ❤ thank you for sharing
That first mystery animal was definitely an Opossum. Seen em many times on my cams. The others, I have to agree look like weasels, foxen, but i'm not as familiar with em.
Of course they were gray foxes.   Weasels? 😂 jaguarundi? 😂
Would you consider becoming a falconer? That would be awesome to add to the already cool pond stuff going?
Name the owl The Big Owlski,Been watching from the start but just subscribed cause I'm lazy lol. I Love your content and can't wait for more videos.
Name the owl Tootsie after to Tootsie pop owl!
I can’t see those ducks lasting one night I’m afraid to say. Either the owl, the raccoons or the hawk will get them. What’s the plan for their survival?
Gotta name the owl Tootsie. Gotta get out there and ask him how many licks it takes to get to the middle of the Tootsie Pop
There was a meteor shower last Wednesday night. If that is when you did your time lapse it would explain all the shooting stars. It was the Orionid meteor shower.
Hootie 🦉
Are you keeping the well water outlet above the water level? It will fill faster if you do.
Owl: the General
Great update but I think you might wanna build a steel dome covered with nets on that island. Partial water and land so the ducks can roaming safely. The hawk quite scary. 🙏🏻
I think you should drop a huge like 30 foot pine tree in the water amazing for bass structure I always cast on those in ponds and catch so many bass
You should start introducing your forage base as a headstart. That would make for an awesome next video!
Mr. Owl, how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop? Lets call the owl, Mr. Owl or Tootsie.
Fox for sure
My guess for your mystery animals is badgers..
OwlAbama  for the Owl friend.
one of those mystery animals is a Opossum.
How are you going to keep the water clean. Most ponds needs plants to suck out the  Algae
Hey get some of that wire cover for hiding wires for tv on wall. That’ll keep your hooks from snagging that soft black lining on wires. Make plastic and metal covers that would work great for this application. Great videos man like the content.
For your Owl, you should call him Bandit, Just like a thieve always visits in the night for taking his bounty.
Great video. Name the owl Mr. Hoot.
Maybe out bat house up, help w mosquitoes
Big owl- Big AL
Francis Augustus Hamer was the man that hunted Bonnie & Clyde! Frank seems fitting. As he'll always be watching.
Definitely a grey fox and they look like Chinese lanterns going across the sky
Bermuda grass also helps with erosion. You should seed the surrounding area with it.
12:43 what is that looks like a white Glowing orb in the sky
'Al' the Owl
You could call the owl Orin the owl
Gotta say... Liz is a keeper man. Good with the kids... good with the fish. And GREAT with the tractor. Good job man.
You could name the owl, “Big Al”
How can the ducks fit in the duck houses?
Call the owl hoot
Bud , you're  killin it with this channel  ! Absolutely love the direction  you're headed  !
Name the owl Al.
100 Gallons a min
Name the owl hooter
Sadam hoooosien because the owl terrorizes the ducks
I don’t watch any other videos like this on YouTube, but episode one popped up on my feed and I have loved every second of this series! Keep it up brother 👍
My vote for Owl names is Archimedes (from Disney’s Sword in the Stone)… you could nickname him Archie for short 😃……. Or Hal, Hal Smith was the original voice of Owl in Winnie the Pooh 🦉
Nice!!! Name the big owl "big al "
We should name the owl mr. owllike the owl from the tootsie pop commercial
Owl name:The bayou bandit :)
Are you going to put plants in, how will it  be filtered?
Call the Owl Who-Tee-Who
11:30 looks like a possum
I mean when you say big owl kind of sounds like you're saying big al so maybe big al
Keeping with the gangster theme, the owl could be named “Owl Capone”
Those silly ducks never run inside their house when baddies come around.
I would love to see a sml floating platform out of the other logs
name the owl Hootie
Jerry
Big Al for the owl.
hopefully no trespassers!
I’m clearly living life wrong 😑 Rescus me from California 🤦🏽‍♂️
Mate, are you gonna put in a log cabin for the weekends? That would be the cherry on top. As for the owl, call him Fred
Build a log house for animals to use
Al the Owl, because you're from AL, and our southern accent the sound close to the same.
You should name the owl “Owleen”
I love your channel. So it is amazingly weird that some people give you thumps down. Do they ever explain why. Love all the wild life out there. Thank you so much. Name the owl "Hooty"
Are you going to add any rockpiles ?
Owl name. Owlcatraz
Great video man. Love the place.
Those are definitely satellites it’s crazy to see how many passed over in that short span
noctowl from pokemon lol
Owl name him Hootie
Big Al or Big Owl
Must really like ducks to put that pair through all that every vid.
That hawk was giant!
Surprised people can even dislike these videos. This is awesome stuff keep up the great work with the wild life. And keep the videos coming can’t wait till next Sunday to watch your next upload
U should add chains on the bricks so they could hold the wood down and add more structure to the tepees
What a complete waste of water....
Badger
I have to ask watching all the episodes and I still don't know why you're spending all this money for the pond? Can you clarify it or is it just for fun?
Another epic video!! Keep up the great work, love the wildlife! ❤🦆🦌🐿🦉🦝🦊🐟
“Owlbert Einstein” for the owl since it’s quite intelligent to be hanging around the pond.   Or “Owlisabeth” for a female name
I love the black crappie
Ooh!  Name for owl! Doctor Hoot
Can we get a Bama Pond colander next year of beautiful shots of the wildlife and the bond
You should name the owl “Hootie” and then name another animal “blowfish”.
name the owl "hoot"
Your land looks so peaceful it's been cool to watch the start of it up until now!!
My five year old son and I have watched your pond build from day one. He’s been anticipating seeing the updates every Sunday. He also loves watching a kids show called “Pj Mask” and one of the characters name is “Owlet” so every time we watch your videos with the owls he gets excited and say “dad look, there’s owlette” lol so that’s what you should name it.
You should name the owl midnight
It should be Archimedes like the owl on the sword in the stone
Call him scooter
Amazing!
Make some stumps out of the posts. Like standing trees.
Odis the owl
Yes they were shooting stars… The full moon occurred at the same time as the Orionoid meter shower. At the end of the Timelapse I saw Orion rise so it was coming from the right direction.
Poor Ducks probably suffering from PTSD….
Archimedes, great owl name also Merlin's owl
Name him Simon. Simon cOWL. Because he’s entertaining, but you never know when he’s gonna tear someone apart.
HOOTER
“Tootsie pop” or “Hooter” for owl name  🦉
Name the owl buckshot
"Big Al"... The Big Owl....
The owl.  Name it Screech. RIP Screech from saved by the bell. Love the channel!
you should name the owl 'Darwin' <3
Was thinking you should tag Bonnie and Clyde so you can track them as they grow. 😄👍🏻
Name the owl Darius Rucker
Finally! I thought I was going crazy
5:40-5:45 what is that animal is the right hand corner
if hawks and other animals can attack them if they are in the open then the safety of the ducks is definitely a concern
Im thinking the blue is from corroded copper or copper sulfate in the clay. Its an educated guess but I could be wrong.
I think if you go to one of the channels where bass would go through and put the logs parallel about 30 cm away from each other it would create a a area for bass to swim through, would be great to hop a jig over the channel
You should call him Owl capone.
Hooters the owl!
Seriously can’t wait for you and the family to be out there fishing looking forward to all the fun videos!
Man I love your pond and the lagoon are you going to offer guided fishing trips when you finally get it situated? My best suggestion for the Pet name is wise guy
"OWLOWISCIOUS"
I think I good name for the owl is Onyx
I think you should name the Owl Hootie
Always liked “Archimedes” as an owl name
Bill Bonnies Buddy, since he seems to hang out in her area
Once everything is full up and you have fish in you should put a controllable sub with a camera in to see where the fish like to hang out the most
A cool name for the owl would be Hedwig
You should definitely build a gazebo or other permanent structure out on the island, somwhere where you can get out of the sun when its beaming down but still able to throw some casts
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS
Amen~!
Who disliked this video ? It says its about building a pond then delivers with a detailed telling of the difficulties and triumphs of doing so . Do they simply hate ponds ?
I'd just make one long TP out of the pilings. Use something else unique if you want to fill in other places. Maybe a cinder block pyramid?
Love this series, from the very 1st video I was hooked!….gday from Australia 🇦🇺
Hard work pays off ! Enjoy yourself sir
Moby is getting big!!
Love the game camera footage! I think the owl should be named "Aloysius".
have you thought about putting up some motion sensor booger lights around the pond?  might be something to consider although the more cams and/or game cams you have around - that should keep them away as well.  apparently - they can detect the sensor in the cameras and tend to stay away.   that "ufo" at the end really looked like some sort of orb - and our Native American community suggest it's best to stay away from those if you see them.  lots of "speculation" as to what they could be but i wonder if they aren't a drone of some sort?  strange either way.   pond looks great!  the dock is gorgeous.  as for the owl - probably best to just call him "hooter" for now.  lol
The owl's name has to be Frank!
Owlbama
Owlonzo the owl
"AL" The Owl.
Maybe drill some holes in the tipi wood, making some holes for small fish
Name the Owl, "Owliver"
you should start feeding Moby small bluegill!!
Owliver
The owls name.. Buford T. Justice.
Really puts 1million gallons in perspective. You're gonna have one hell of an electric bill.
u should build floating platforms for turtles in tje pond to bask
I'm telling you, those two mystery animals are Badgers. Look how low they are to the ground, flattened with a dark ridge around the sides.
I really enjoyed watching your pond building, cant wait to see it all filled up. Im not sure your ducks are going to use those duck houses you mounted tho. Its been my experience that they prefer to stay on the ground. They will most likely go to Alcatraz at night and sleep there, and like they are doing in their coop, they are going to bed down on the ground. I think they would be better off with a dog house like structure on the island. I always used those igloo houses for mine and they females laid their eggs in there as well.  Love watching your progress!
You should name the owl hooter! 😹 🦉
I believe what you caught on camera is a ufo. Theyre being spotted on a daily basis w better quality footage than the navy footage they released a few months ago. The pond is coming along nicely.
When done with the pond will you ever scuba dive it or just mask an snorkel just to see what's in an at the bottom of the pond when fish an other things that are living
maybe not a good idea to let the ducks live at the pond with all the predators around?
Put F1 tiger bass in
You should name the owl White Lightning after a song called :White Lightning by George Jones
Name the owl spoof
mix a few guinea fowl into your duck flock they are extremely alert birds and will make a huge ruckus alerting the rest of the flock
You should name it onyx
OWL name: The Warden due to the ducks being on Alcatraz Island and he will be watching.
I put out 40+ Wood Duck boxes You should face the opening  at the water and it helps to put the box either in or right next to the water  It is best to put a predator guard on the pole to stop raccoons and snakes out of the box Also I have found putting the boxes in brush or willows helps the wood ducks use the boxes
Im pretty sure the animals that you dont know what it is is a pekan or a fisher (same animal)
I have some worries for the ducks I feel as soon as that door opens that hawk is gonna grab one of them but I’m sure you have some game plan for them
I had a dream that the pond had been completely filled and the owl was still around, maybe name the owl Archimedes, meaning the master planner in Greek. Considering you strategically planned all of this out.
Oscar the Owl
A rock pile with the wood pole just sticking up wood be cool
I hate to say this but once you start releasing those ducks - they will eventually be picked off! Too many predators and way too rural - the lack of human presence just speeds up the inevitable. They will not make it a year…
Do you hunt the deer on your farm?
make a cave with the remaining wood dig a trench in the deeper gravel lay those in and put gravel on top. there will be fights for king of the cave
Shoot the hawks, they won't stop trying and your ducks will not be able to enjoy the pond.  Also coyotes were a problem for me, shoot them too.  Make sure you shut up the ducks at night so you can take advantage of the owls keeping mice and rats population down. A owl box with a cam inside and out would be an  educating experience.
Owl-bert for the win!
Since Ali and bambam are the ducks and the owl is their rival you should name the owl auburn
the ducks are gonna get smoked lmao
The owls name could be Owlficer because he’s like a police officer for the area.
Name suggestion: Big Al, the Big Owl!
Dont let roman see this
with all lights in the water your should get an electricity leak detector on the dock if you plan on swimming in the pond getting shocked in the water kills people every year
how much does mobby weigh?
Owly McOwlface!
You should name the owl “Al”
since its well and spring fed the water in this pond will turn crystal clear
Hey I doubt many will like my idea but the Owl should be named Oxford. Oxford is a u university and owls are considered a symbol of wisdom or being smart. Second Oxford is a city in Alabama and 3rd Oxford starts with O perfect for owl. Idk Oxford is also just a great name regardless.
Cost of building a 5 acres pond?   please
No way those ducks survive. I’d put that house/cage they are in now on the island.
as sound as you let those ducks out they are history!!!!!!!!!
The mystery animal looks like a weasel, a wolverine, or a badger. I’m not sure what you all have in Alabama though
Do you have to worry about gators?
since the stump is its favorite spot name the owl bonnie
The duck house doesn't seem to far??
This is beautiful!!!!!!!
Looking good.  I always enjoy getting to see my home state of Alabama.  I am Living in Florida now and don’t get home to South Alabama as much as I would like.  Your videos give me a taste each week.  Thank You.  Alabama is truly God’s Country.
You’re going to have to watch the runoff from the farm when the fertilizer gets dispersed
Everything wants to get those ducks.  Poor quackers!
Seeing Lizz in the tractor was hilarious I love this series, been here before you started it. I have to admit, I've never gone fishing before in my life (I'm a 20~ year old city boy from Dallas Tx) but I love your channel!!
You should name the owl Ford after Bonnie and Clyde’s car!
Owl Capone
Great video!! The raccoons should be name Pinky and the brain lol
Big Al
Owliver
those ducks wont make it out of the cage.
You need some guard geese.
Hi..... Thank you for showing your video 👋 bye 👋 bye 👋 bye 👋 🐠🐟🎥👍👍👍
That's a fox's
We run a hunting camp here in Utah and I’ve been watching this channel nonstop wow up at camp. Love it. Some of the greatest content on YouTube. Keep it up
Cribs are good for panfish
Owlfred The Great.
Owl bert
Owl burt
Owl recommended name is "Who's who" . Kind of like a reference to the owl joke.  The name comes  from a fictional character in the famous  anime/manga One Piece. May sound corny, but worth a shot lol
Capone.... Owl Capone since he was in alcatraz
You should name the owl Al.
Name the owl hoot
Try to put plastic owl decoys on the ducks cage maybe it will keep the critters away
Al the owl, duh.
I love this series. it’s definitely my favorite. My girlfriend thinks you’re stretching the series out but I hope it never ends 😬.
Not entirely sure but that shooting star could've been the ISS.
Name the owl Hedwig
Owls name should be Oswald
Fox, name for the owl, Bubba he's large like a Bubba.....lol
Hootie the hooter, aka hootie and the pond fish
I think Homer is a good name for an owl 🦉
Hootie the hooter, aka hootie and the pond fish
Olsen the owl
Owlet if it was a girl
those are kit fox or swiss fox gray fox are a little bigger.
Idk why im so invested in your pond but i am
Hootie the owl
That time lapse was absolutely beautiful. I’m so excited to see the pond when it’s complete!
how long before those bolts rust out?
Archimedes
Name the owl “Big Al” so it sounds like big owl
Since he's huge i would name him Goliath
We once had a raccoon that was reaching though our chicken wire and decapitating our chickens. Might be a good idea to put some small gauge wire around the bottom of your duck enclosure
For the logs u should make a raft and let it float on the pond maybe sortta in the middle and tie it down so it can be a shade spot
Name the owl warden since it oversees the pond
Name the owl Hoot
Name the owl big Bertha
Is like I'm seeing the same thing over and over
Owl Name Suggestion - Big Al  It works on a couple levels.  - AL for Alabama - With the right accent, it kinds sounds like you're saying Big Owl  - I was watching this video with the Closed Captions that Google auto-generates and Google keeps calling the owl "Big Al" in the captions  He's a big Alabama Owl. Big Al!
Hooty and than the bluebirds are the blow fish
May want to watch for snakes climbing the pole of those duck houses
U should put at least 10 birds houses and some plants with lots of flowers
Al the Owl
If mobby keeps getting any bigger he is going to skip the backyard pond and go straight to the big pond
Hi I have a new pet largemouth male any tips
“Big Al” The Owl
That owl looks like a "LEROY" to me...Suits him lol
I know how to break that hawk from bothering the ducks.
Ottis the Owell should be his name because he is a big chubby owell like Otis from Andy Griffith
Name the owl Ozzy :0
Am I the only one hearing hank hill ???
Name the owl warden since it's watching over alcatraz and Bonnie and Clyde/ or big mama from the movie fox & the hound
you should name the owl auburn, big rivals with Alabama (the ducks)
Call the owl the Professor.
I would say build a raft with a bed swing on it 🤣🤣🤣🤷🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️ call me crazy but man that would be a dope fishing experience
The 2 foxes are not the same species. The mystery one is a Ringtail
RINGTAIL, the small mystery animal is a ringtail fox.
Name the owl hoody
RINGTAIL
RINGTAIL
RINGTAIL
How about "Hoo-ter" for the owls name :-)
You should name the owl Hooter 😅
cool
The small mystery mammal looks like a ringtail. It’s a small fox species and looks exactly like that little critter. I think the fact that the video is black and white disguises it a little.
Owl name: Wan Shi Tong (From avatar the last airbender)
I don't know why I'm invested in watching the progress of this pond, but I enjoy it alot
Call the big owl, Big Al..
Love it♥️🐾👍
Happy things are going good 👍
What about Arnie for the owl name
How about "Owlbama" for the Owl name. Lol.
Definitely have to call the owl “Hooty.” Just have to add a sign for the blowfish. 😂
Are you gonna get some underwater cameras installed in the new pond? I know it seems kinda tricky but could be cool. It's hard to predict what areas the bass are gonna like hanging out the most though
Name the owl Ripple 🦉 🌊
Owlbert?
I really enjoy your build of your 5 acre pond and the updates . I've watched you from the start .👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍😎
OGDEN the owl! I love your channel, and especially this series!! ❤ You're awesome!
Please name the owl “Hoodini” as in the magician Harry Houdini
His name should be Al
Make like a mini log cabin or you could say "crib" with the pileings
So the peas are only for the deers not for farming? Is it just for the scenery or for hunting deers later?
Maybe Gazoo for owl since it likes to hover around the ducks and goes with the Flintstones names.
Mr Owl from tootsie pop commercials!
Instead of a teepee, stack them like Lincoln Logs
Use the piles to put the duck house on so it will be higher up
Name the owl Hootsifer (pronounced like Lucifer) That owl is the demon of the night!
I'm really excited for the hunting videos coming out of this farm!
Build a dock crib with the last pilings
Definitely gray fox, that's my bet.
Make a little log cabin out of the other pilings. Please blow this up so he can see
Name the owl hoodini
Have you put any thought into planting a tree out on the island? Weeping willow trees love the water.  Just an idea.  Love seeing everything.  So excited to see it full up.
Name the owl Archimedes from the Sword in the Stone.
Big Al for the owl. 😁
looking good, im enjoying watching the pond progress.  cant wait to see what it looks like once its full and settled.  with some plant life.
Name the owl Tootsie for the “How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop”
Yh there ducks 🦆
AL the owl (Alabama)
This land is slowly becoming a sportsman paradise, love the series and can’t wait for the pond to be stocked!
Cal the owl would be a cool name.
Owl’s name’s gotta be “Big Al” surely! :)
Owl Bundy...
Name the owl Tootsie or Tootsie pop. Owl always reminds me of the commercials with the owl.
Let’s name the owl “Bill Buster” or just “Buster” because he was so interested in those ducks and will most likely snag a duck or whatever he can catch near the lake.
Owl Pachino 😁
Those poor ducks are as good as dead.
Good stuff man! I'm really diggin this pond build and just the whole overall weekly rundown of tha property and im not easily impressed. ha! Anyway keep it coming man!
Owl name Big Al
I really have doubts those ducks will make it long after they leave that house (if that’s the plan)
Owl should be named Owlbert (Albert)  As far as the pilings go, I’d would be cool to see a Jesus fish made out of it.
Ally the owl
Name the owl  Einstein
You should name the owl Archimedes from sword in the stone!
The Fowl Owl!
Owl name... "Big AL"
I would definitely recommend adding a water fountain or 2.
I counted at least 12 shooting stars
Anybody else see that fox or something run by in the back of the deer video on the right at 5:40
Idk tex maybe
Do you harvest the deer for the freezer?
Gray foxes
I have come to love and enjoy this 5 acre pond series! Better than any Netflix show!
You're the definition of diligent
I been checking since last sun
You should get some selfcloning crayfish for the pond! Also known as marbled crayfish.
Hey man we been waiting
Al the Owl
Bro them poor ducks are going to get smashed as soon as you let them out I think you should get more so that can look after each other
The name of the owl could be Draco
The owl might be referred to as 'Ala Hoot' , Sounds appropriate and cute !!   🦉
Epic series throughout! Glad all is coming together.
Should put a bird feeder on the island
Al the owl
Im curious as to why use up all that perfectly good drinking ground water instead of waiting for the rainy season to fill the pond up. Not saying I'm a soy boy but it just seems a little wasteful🤷🏽‍♂️
Hootie seems like a good name for the owl.
QUESTION? Ever considered putting underwater cameras in the pond? Eg: The Throne. 😎🇦🇺
Infamous al the owl.
Been following you since your first video, enjoy watching every Sunday. Have friends and family following your channel from San Antonio Tx. Keep on posting your videos we definitely enjoy watching.
Name the Owl “Hoots”
The name should be Owl Capone...
Those are most definitely some shooting stars. As here in the northern hemisphere the orionoids (probably spelled wrong) meteor shower had a peak of October 20-21st but will be going to November or December!
You should build some bat boxes and put them up out there, bats help with the mosquitoes massively. You have to have them at least 10 feet off the ground though or they won't use the house. That fox in that second clip isn't moving the same way those two from the previous were. I think the two you saw were weasels, their ears weren't as big either.
Hootie the owl.
Oscar the owl should be the name
can you cover up that bottom backside of the duck hut so they cant be seen a bit. Poor ducks look terrified
Mr. Hoots
For the owl, I nominate Howland, from the Pogo comics. Affinity for water, maybe not quite as smart as he thinks he is, friend of the swamp creatures.
💯 on grey fox
I love the series!  My vote for the owl is Pedro the pond boss!  He/she seems to control the pond!  Vote for Pedro :)
First animal was a opossum and the last were farrets
Sarah lake Lizzie Liz Liz lake
How about "Owl Bundy" or "Owl Capone"
Gonzo for the Owl name.
Yep
You should name it deputy bayou because he is always at the bayou with the deer
May be a silly question for a “city-slicker”…..why don’t the ducks go up into the “second floor of duck house, especially when attacked??
Name the owl Hootie!!!
Otto the owl
Love your videos and your voice. Kinda sounds like hank hill lol
AL the hoot owl 🦉
I think you should name the owl Hootie!!!!
Big al for the big owl since that's what my closed captions said😂
Name the owl big Al
If this was Saturday those are from the metor shower
If you plan on fishing off the dock how are you going to prevent snagging the lights?
Blue Bird lake
Name the owl Ranger Hamer.. he was the texas  ranger that led the posse tjat caught bonnie n clyde
Name the owl “Al”
It's a long horned owl so you should name it Loki !
bagoly means owl in Hungarian
You can probably teach the ducks to use the hen house.  We had a duck who would go in the coop at night with the chickens. Funny thing is, that 'pet' duck was more shy than any wild duck at the bay, you couldn't get close to her!
I think you should name him Owlbert!
Are you using a DJI drone?  If you go into settings, you can remove the 300ft limiter on height!
You should name the owl "Hootie"
Looking amazing as usual! I have no idea how you are going to keep those ducks alive if they ever leave that pin.
nice time lapse
Seem like this pond will have 3M+ Gal of water
Filling it with water.. still not filled 😂
One hell of a well!  Yield has to be ridiculous
You should submit that ufo clip to MUFON Mutual Unidentified Flying Object Network that clip is definitely worthy of reviewing by expert ufo researchers. I’m definitely confident that that possibility was extraterrestrial trust me I do my research and watch videos of such content
If this is 8 or 9 days less than half way, it will probably take another 16 days to get to 75% based on volume fill.
Olive the owl
Name the owl Hoot
If I had an Owl, I’d name him Hootie!
Definitely Foxes the other one looked like a possum to me.
Robert Franklin Stroud, known as the "Birdman of Alcatraz",  During his time at Alcatraz he reared and sold birds. Maybe Sarah can decide if she wants to name the owl Robert, Franklin or Shroud.
Why not call the owl stumpy? He seems to like that stump, so why not?
Hey man… just a tip on those duck houses.  As someone who has been a bluebird landlord for many years, you will be in for heartbreak if you dont put predator baffles on them.  Raccoons or snakes will feast on your ducks or the bluebirds that roost in there.  Your much safer using a piece of rebar and slide electric conduit in and make a stovepipe baffle to put on the pole
Curious to how power your pump is costing you.   I think you said 5hp pump, but if memory serves the efficiency of well pumps differ a bit more than just doing 1hp = 750watts.
Should call the owl "Owl Capone".
Orville Owl!
It’s a 1000% grey fox
Name the owl hotters
I don't know why I can't stop watching this series. I've been watching this pond build intently and I can't get enough, thanks for bringing this amazing content to us mere mortals 🥺❤️❤️❤️
Those ducks don’t stand a chance…
You should name the owl “Merlin” since owls are wise
My family has an area on our property that’s a roughly 5 acre natural depression in the middle of a field. I’ve built a garden pond, but you’ve inspired me to go more ambitious and turn it into something like this
Hooter the owl 🦉
The Owl should be named "Hoot"
You should name the owel out law and are you guys going to stock any cats?
what else but Hooter
Don’t you mean part 3
The Big Owl's name should be Big Al (because I heard "Big Al" from your accent :p)
I've been watching your pond build for days! I have a name idea for your friendly owl. Ollie the owl 😆 I went to Garland high school in Texas and Ollie the owl was our mascot. Awesome to see your work on YouTube!
This is my dream life! I’m happy someone is living it! I love your videos so much!
Owl name..... Owen(s).... As in Jesse Owens born in Oakville Alabama. Another choice would be Orville as in Orville wright of the wright brothers
Call the owl WHOOTIE!!!
The pond is filling up nicely.
Also tag Bonnie and Clyde and the others so if you catch them you can see how much they’ve grown and make sure they are doing good
NAME THE OWL HOOTIE !
Big al for the owl
You should name the owl okie because of the oak tree.
May I humbly suggest that you Stock your lake (it's that big) with forage fish first? Shad, Shiners, Blue Gill and Crappie. Maybe some crawfish. Then set up feeders for them so that they get to grow up one year and breed. Then introduce Florida and Texas strain Fingerlings and a few grass Carp to maintain the lakes aquatic growth. WOW what a set up you have for some AWESOME future fishing. Love your channel.
Fin
Name the owl Peart
do amazing! ily Bama ! make sure Sarah knows 2 be careful an never alone cuz big pack animals out there
Hooty the owl
Woodsy the 🦉 maybe?
your content is amazing.... I look forward to your videos all week! great channel great videos!
Man this is sweet! Amazing work and the wife and myself are deeply enjoying watching this. Can't wait to see the final results
I love this 5 acre pond series. It’s going to be beautiful! Your fish are going to be the happiest fish in the world. I think a good name for the owl would be Hootie.
Have those post sticking vertical in the water in the shallow end like tree stumps in the water for spinners baits you could name it boat graveyard
Uh, Hawks are diurnal
call the owl big al. just a good name i liked
I love this series so much. Love from Canada 🇨🇦
Owlbert!
The Orionid meteor shower peaked on the 21st, but there are still a good number of meteors in the night sky and will be for the next week.
Where is your dog? He haven’t came out in your videos anymore
Anyone else curious as to who gives a thumbs down??? Just being jerks I'm assuming...
You should make a raft for turtles out of the rest of the pilings
Great pond sir can't wait to see all the fish you put in the pond and to watch someone fish it will be awesome 🤠
As soon as u let those ducks out it’s a wrap
The Great Owl from "The Secret Of Nimh"
I think a cool name would be Orwell the owl
Cut pilings and make a stump field
where is this water coming from again? I cant remember if you said or not.
Name the owl "Owl Capone" because Al capone also spent time  on Alcatraz Island.
Name the owl Mac Jowlnes
You must be Peanut Butter, cuz I'm Jelly  :-/
With the other 8 big post I think you should bury them in a dock shape where they stick out of the water a little once the pond fills up it would be good fish structure and it would look like a old abandoned dock maybe put it ing the corner of the pond behind the oak thrown btw love the pond vids it is turning out great
I absolutely love your channel. It’s what YouTube should be. I am worried about those ducks. They’re gonna be goners if you ever let ‘em out on the pond. Your hawks are bold and your owls are silent killers. I can’t wait to watch the rest. You are living my dream.
Are you gonna be moving Moby into the pond too?
I guess the real question… When can we visit?
The first clip looked like a opossum. The other clips were all foxes.
I think you should name the owl, Weird “Owl” Yankovich.  😜
Owls 🦉 name should be “who”
Are you going to hunt the deer
Big Al
I love your time lapse. I don’t see how a duck will use that duck house seems too small. Have you thought about make a small low to the ground maybe 5x5 structure to help the ducks go under at night on the island. That owl is going to tear them up.
Without a doubt those are gray fox! That's what I thought they were in your last video.
Name the owl machine gun since that is the nickname of George Kelly because he is one of the most well known prisoners
That big bright light in the sky was most likely the international space station. Due to it being so bring and no flashing lights like a plane. Awesome 👍
Alfred .. sounds just right .
Your new mystery animal looks like a possum
Owtlaw the owl
Big owl 🦉
You should call the owl Hoover. . . In reference to "hooo" and the "hoover damn!"
Wifey putting lag bolts in by hand wow
Thank you for continuing the pond fill.
Man should of put lights all along the oak throne wish I would of thought of it earlier
Hooter the owl. Obvious reasons
Put the rest of the pilings in really shallow water for the baitfish. Makes a ton of food for them
Tootsie the owl
this dude water bill is as high as me on 4:20
Goodness, you're gonna have your hands full trying to keep those ducks safe. Tons of duck hungry raptors around there.
You should name the owl Hooter because ya know... they hoot.
moby is huuuggee great video
Call him Oscar the Owl!
Jasper would be a good name for the owl
i would like to see more night timelaps
Mink are absolutely native to Alabama. Pond is lookin great. I'm always waiting eagerly for the next video in the serious. I love it.
The owl.... hmm... Hooter! 🤣👍👍
Hooty the owl
The Warden would be a cool name for the owl, it would fit with Alcatraz island Bonnie and Clyde
The mayor of whoville.
Call the OWL 🦉 "WHOTIE WHO"
Mystery animal this time is a possum
“Owlbert” the owl
In future I will also made this
Name the owl "Hootie"
Owl Capone!
I think the owl should be names Aku or Akoo. He is a Demon from a cartoon show called Samurai Jack. I feel like the name is fitting for a owl because of how the name sounds and is fitting for a evil owl trying to eat our beloved ducks.
Love watching as a 74 year old I have fished all my life, salt and fresh. Someone asked if I won lottery what would i get, easy, I would build me a 10 acre or so lake, lighted dock and live on it. What all species of fish do you plant adding?
Please mount some BAT boxes to help with bottom feeders and skeeter bites... we have roughly 45 bat boxes now and Never get single skeeter bite. Love the pond thanks for the update! 👍
Good, good!
I’ve sat on the back porch and seen hawks swoop down for doves like that  right in my yard, maybe 20 feet away. Guess he was hungry.
Space junk burning up in the atmosphere… sometimes it’s space rocks too
You could use them to build yourself the legs of a bench at the beginning of the dock and one by the duck defensive position.
Name the Owl "Dr. Who" or alt spl "Dr. Hoo"
Think you're going to have an issue hooking the cages if the underwater lights?  If so, a clear hard plastic wrap or a cube made of plexiglass around them should solve it.
Bama quick question? Is their a gps tag that you could use to tag Bonnie and Clyde to keep track of them? Thanks for the content! I’ve enjoyed watching over the years!
Really enjoy your channel.  I think Whootie for the owl is a good name.
Love this series man
Are u ever going to use a kayak or boat in the pond
Owlabama
Owl should be named hands down Moonshine .. ties with Bonnie and Clyde and only comes out with moon, and eye shining
Call the owl McHooter.
Love what you’re doing out there and not too proud to say I’m a little jelly.  What a great place to build a house and retire.  Happy for you!
Owls name…hooters
Name the owl🦉 Frank after Clints character in Escape from Alcatraz
A good name for the owl is mr hootie
I remember it vividly when I was a kid my grandpa built and put up wood duck houses for wood ducks in my little dumbass decided to hit one with a stick and vividly remember being chased down and packed out by one duck beautiful bird but as an eight year old I was pretty terrifying
Another wonderful update! Thank you for including us on your adventure
I love the diversity of wildlife you have around you. I don’t think those ducks will ever be safe to leave the house though lol
Brandon
Build a crib
Hi, what kind of camera do you use for capturing wildlife by the duck house?
I'd name him Owlie McOwlface
I think you could name the owl Joe Pesci, as a tribute to his famous owl scene in My Cousin Vinny.
Name the owl Big Al
Beautiful property you guys have man. This has become my favorite channel for  fishing and outdoors. Cant wait to see what you do once the pond is filled!
There’s a fox that runs across in the background right before you end the clip of the bucks.
Man I check my notifications daily for and episode thanks for sharing your family’s journey.
How anyone can give this a thumbs down is beyond me….
Hootie
Best series on YouTube! Every Sunday night, got earbuds in, phone charged, putting one of 2 kids to sleep and enjoying the hell out of this. Growing up we had a 2 acre pond full of bass, blues, big cats, few large crappie and a pet goose. Skated on during the winter, fishing bets with brothers and dad after a summer dinner and took out several muskrats each year with a 12 ga because they would destroy the banks. Prior to moving to the south, I put a red devil cichlid from our tank in the pond, I laughed when I revisited friends in the area and the family that now lives there said they caught a big orange fish…can’t believe it survived 2 years after throwing him in there. Thanks for sharing this great experience as I’m sure your entire family will enjoy it for years to come!
Name the owl Tootsie! As in the owl from “how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop”!
Sounds like you named the owl already, Big AL.
Name the owl Ale bc it sounds like ale with your accent
Can you repost the video were you caught moby
I hope you set up a live stream out there, I’ll bet you get more viewers than you think!
Officer because of bony and clide
man that hawk is scaring me
The owls name should be Orion
5:40 looks like a fox or some other small non-deer animal in the right side of the screen for just a brief moment before the clip changes.
"Owlabama"
Name the owl Gertrude because the owl always finds intrude!
I was gonna wait to watch this on my break tomorrow! Like I’ve been doing but I just can’t wait
With the lasting dock poles you should do some standing timber like an old dock structure
Name the owl Tootsie from the old Tootsie pop commercial. How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie pop? The world may never know.
Those mystery animals seem to have longer necks than the gray foxes. You got otters down there?
Put tags on the bass before you put them in the pond so you know whose who
Really enjoy these videos and look forward every week. My advice put all the rock and gravel you can now.
The things zooming past in the nightLapse are planes or if bright enough, a satellite.
The amount of predators that attack Bambam and ali gives true meaning to "sitting ducks"
I anticipate this upload more than anything else every week. Also a hawk that size is almost certainly a she.
Owly Owlington would be a great name for the owl
You gotta call him hootie.
Name the Owl Hooters
Love this guy
Name the owl Big Al! He can be the mascot for the pond! Roll Tide!
Call him G man
name the owl Hoonter like hunter and hoot
Name the owl Tootsie Pop.
I know here a couple days back there was going to be a meteor shower visible I bet that's what it was. But that last thing going up in the sky move too fast to be a satellite
How about Owliver?
Being a trapper, large bird feathers dangling on a string is the best Coon and Bobcat attractant. They can see them a long distance away, and it will bring them right into the trap. So they do like to kill and eat birds.
Watching a dam be built is beautiful
Glad to see update video. How much does Moby weigh now? He looks as big as Clyde almost!
Another thing that loves peas as well as deer are ducks! You can feed ducks as a delicious and nutritious snack!
The hawks only hunt in "broad daylight" since they are diurnal.....they sleep at night........seeing the owl during the day would be surprising
i know that owl, harry hooterson is his name and he owes me money so tell him I’m looking for him lol
Woodsy Owl!!
Benjamin the owl.
Owl should be named spooky
Go Hide some Geotags with Viewers irems or maybe some sort of sunkin easter egg treasure for snorkel divers in the future!?
I get no joy in saying this, but i feel like those ducks wont make it very long once they get to run around.
Start putting ducks up on top roost area they haven't figured out it's up there yet water on bottom food on top
Grey foxes are monogamous to see them in pairs makes sense
name for owl - Owlysses S Grant or Archemedes
“Hooty” the owl.
Name him “Hooter”
Name the owl “Big AL”. You literally said it with your Alabama accent. :)
You are a blessed man.  What an amazing life you've created for your family!  Thank you for sharing it, it's an inspiration to all!
What an amazing piece of land. You are really transforming this into something special.
That looks like a gray fox that critter at the end
+1 for the gray fox
Name that  owl Peanutty  Owl
You are going to have to get rid of the hawks and owls somehow! They will wipe the birds out quick!
any lillypads
The Owls name should be Archimedes
"You gotta spoil your pet fish."
Owls name BUBO, names after the owl off the 1980s movie clash of the titans
Big owl because he is big like the baseball player big awl
The night of that full moon was supposed to be the biggest meteor shower of the year.
59 thumbs down!? They must not like the outdoors and live in a basement somewhere.
Well mostly they are satilites. Stars would remain stationary. Prouably some of Eldon Musk's star link system. I'm wondering how you are going to get the ducks back in thier house at nite? Maybe you should of placed it on the island a while back. Your "pet bass", are you going to tag them? In history, Athena was compaired to an Owl.Very very wise. I asked your wife about the gold fish lures. You don't have them listed anymore. No answer yet???
otter the owl
How about Big Al for owl
Just wondering, but would pulling that much water from the ground well in such a short amount of time cause any kind of sink holes/issues with the land? No clue, but I live in FL and we have tons of sink holes mostly caused by limestone erosion.
You will have to put a tag on mr moby so if you catch him in the pond you will know who it is or if he dies.
Those two small ones @11:44 mark running across were badgers for sure
Name the owl “wise” after the chips with the owl mascot
Do u ever feed moby bluegill?
I would name it Owl "Al" Green..🤣🤣🤣
Grey Fox
Also I would probably board up the gap under the duck house where they seem to sleep.. they don’t seem to go in the house and it would offer them some security.
Ducks do not fit in a 3 inch hole.....
Lets call the Owl the name of Ole.
Archimedes the Owl. He may end up being a problem for your fish...
Owl-hootie
NO  WAY IN HELL A FOX   IT'S A  BRIDLE TAIL WEAZEL OR ANOTHER NAME FOR THEM IS  STOAT WEAZEL THERE IN SOUTHERN CANADA AND THOUGHT OUT THE U.S. AND A NICK NAME BLACK TIP WEAZEL BECAUSE OF THE TAIL
Name the owl Al
Dude so cool to see it all finally coming together, talk about a blessing you have there buddy. Have really enjoyed seeing the water levels rise so much for you almost as if it was my pond lol ready for you to be able to fish it.
I dont think those ducks will survive, something will eat them
Ducks nest on the ground not in a house.
Namer the owle hover.Because it hoots and the name Hover sounds nicer then hooter.
Owl named Hooty .
What would of been cool is an old car body of a car from the era the real Bonny and Clyde would of used half buried in the ground
You should name the owl bowel because it love Bonnies  bayou.
“Who” the owl. Perfect
That's just amazing!!
This channel is so relaxing.
Mystery animal = weasel  You have both foxes and weasels.
I can not wait for pond fishing vids
What kind of game cameras do you use?
A quick and easy way to tell the difference between shooting stars and planes/satellites. A long streak of light is a shooting star and a dashed line is a plane/satellite
Man I bet Moby can't wait to get in that pond he's going to tear shit up
Those are jet planes, I run nightlapse myself and see those often.
MAN................................................. CANT WAIT TO SEE IT DONE WITH THE FISH BUDDY !!!!!
You should name the Owl Hoover
god I wish I had your money!
Opal or owen 🦉 owl
People are going to intentionally hook your floating lights and rip them out of the bottom.  Within minutes if they are fishing with crankbaits.
Name the Owl “Hooty” and if there’s a second owl name it “Hoot”
The grand Duke owl 🦉
If that owl is also looking for a nesting box, you could consider making an owl box, that would be pretty cool so see although having an owl or bird of prey nest other birds nearby like wood ducks wont nest
Love the moon rise. 🌙..You even managed to get Orion's belt in your video...🤔👍👍👍
Thank you for sharing your hard work
Owl name-- Hootie... And they would be Hootie and our two fish (bonnie and clyde)
What about AL "The Owl"?
I think the owl should be named hedwig or screech
Hey BamaBass I remember when I was watching you planning on a backyard pond build and now this!?! You guy's have came a long way on YouTube and are going to continue to do so! Even you daughter's been growing up with the YouTube Lifestyle. Stay Awesome and We will continue to be here to support one of the Best Channels there is Ever!!! 😃👍
Henry owl .      🦉
You should put up some blue bird house , they are pretty
Do you plan on hunting these deer?
that could have been the iss  pasting by.. there is a schedule when it pasting overhead..
Owl name it Cletus
Put some blue bird houses up
Looks like it is coming along nicely.
Yall should have someone make a cool totem pole for the dock
Owl Bundy.
Lol in Michigan all we need to do is dig down about 6 feet and you have a pond.
Owl = Noctowl, Potter or Hunter :P
Name the owl the" hooten nanny"
Name the owl Hooter
Definitely foxes
Dr. Whoo for the big owl.
Are you sure they weren't UFO s that you might of recorded
The owl's name should be Mr. Owl like in the lollipop commercials.
Big al should be the owls name
Is Mr. Moby going in the pond?
Howl. Howl the owl
The pond is looking good!!
Been waiting for another video!! lol
This is now officially my favorite channel. Thank you for such great content. Can’t wait to see the pond full of fish and Moby having plenty of his spawn living there .
Those are just stars, maybe a satellite or two in there but most of those are just regular stars.
You should name the Owl “ Big Al”
Love these videos. So educational and fun.
That’s all the water it’s been about two weeks I expected more
I think you should name the Owl Mr. Hamer since that person was the American law enforcement officer and Texas Ranger who led the posse that tracked down bonnie and clyde. It only fits since the owl sets up at Bonnie Bayou
You can buy (or make) cheap metal birdhouse hole protectors to prevent predator birds from eating the eggs/chicks inside. They're a life-saver.
Definitely small grey Fox
D-owl-ly (Dolly) Parton
Owl Pacino
How cold is the water you are pumping up?
I've been noticing a bunch UFOs too
HOOT
"Owl Bundy "
Those "shooting stars" are airplanes.  Actual meteors would not cross the entire sky.
Owl could be named Hooters. Or Mr. Hoot or Miss Hooters.   lol
The owls name should be warden because of alkatraz island
"Hootie" the owl.
Hooter the owl!
You should refer to the Owl as The Warden. He's one of the primary reasons those ducks get locked up at night, not to mention he seems favorable to where Bonnie and Clyde will be staying.
I don't even like fishing but I love this channel!
I think it would be cool to grow an Oak tree out on Alcatraz Island, it might give some good shade out in the middle of the pond when it grows.
Hootie, of course.
How are the ducks going to survive when there loose?
Shooter for your owl name since it likes Bonnie's hideout.
Those  are STARLINK satellites
Call the owl, Hoots.
You have to put the duck boxes over the water for the ducks to use them so the ducklings can fall into the water
I say name the owl Ray, he was a gunman with Bonnie and Clyde in the beginning of their crime spree
You should name the owl bonnie
OWL NAME: Doctor Who (hoo)
Name the owl "Hoot"
They are sitting ducks.
These videos are EPIC! So exciting!! What if you started adding some minnows/shad/bait? What would happen 🤔🤔😅✌🏽
Owls name … Hootie and the blowfish
How about Hooter for the owl
Call the owl titan since he tryed to get the ducks
I saw the Orion constellation, so those are stars.
The owl  name should be Hunter
The name of the owl should be Muhammad Owli
Owl’s name? BOO. Big Ol’ Owl. 🦉
Name for the big Owl? Bear Bryant?
Owl name should be Otis
If you were up north I'd suggest they were Fishers or Marten. Camera is probably just distorting the legs, more than likely gray fox. Put some fox  scent down and see what they do
Why don’t they don’t go inside the duck house
I would think feeding the deer would make them a nuisance and eat your peanut crop.   I live in Pennsylvania,  The deer can be the farmer's worst enemy. My friend lost his entire pumpkin field due to the deer.
i would really like more updates on the backyard pond. Like, did the bass spawn? The bluegill? Whats going on. lol
Is Moby is going to be sent out to live in the pond?
The owl should be named hooloo
Is Mobi/Moby gonna go in the new pond? The og backyard pond or stay in the tank?
At what point will you start releasing fish in the pond?
Bobby the owl
Will the water clear up?
Name the owl "Big Owl" (Big Al)
odis the owl
Owl's name - looky lu
Or Buddy  or maybe Okoboji
Shoot the hawks with a bb gun    until they stop trying to attack the ducks
I think if that duck coup isn't moved closer to the pond, those ducks aren't going to last long.
You need to put predator guards on those duck boxes. Otherwise they’re sitting ducks…pun intended.
Dang, It feels like it's been forever, lol. I've been sucked into this channel.
Alfred
Archimedes
Archimedes is a good name for the Owl. It's the owl from Disney sword in the stone
Owl's name........Archimedes
allie the owl
An opossum, ain't it?
Owls name-Hooter
Name it MAMA OWL
Cool
Cool how the owl’s eyes flashed brightly everytime it gazed in the camera’s direction.  Like super novas.
The Owl name should be Dixie for Alabama
Mr. Owl from the Tootsie Pop commercial! Or Big Mama from “The Fox and the Hound”
Owlaluck. Since the owl is out of luck getting the ducks.
Owl Capone
Put peacock bass in there‼️‼️‼️😎
You should name him Archimedes after the owl in the sword in the stone
The shooting stars in the night timelapse are probably mostly satellites (especially when they go across the whole sky and not just a bit of it).  There are quite a few up there with the Starlink constellation and others, now.
How about Owliver?
My wife demands I comment a vote for "Big Al" for the name of the owl.
Love these videos keep up the good work 👏 🙌 👍
owl should be named either Stollas or Octavia
Ollie the Owl.
Name the owl, Fat Owlbert!
Al the owl
Crimson would be a great name for rhe owl but I was also thinking owl b short for bayou .. I'm starting my own back yard pond build.. any ideas
Call the owl big al
How are the turtles doing?
Waiting for 2 weeks!!! Finally!!!
What was that on the top right of the frame @ 5:40 when the deer are coming through? Coyote?
Bro I’ve been on this series for a min I always check if this great content has been continued
Name for the owl, mr owl. It was the name for the owl in the lollipop commercial. Instead of how many licks to get to the center of the lollipop. How many cast to catch a big bass
Since you have Alcatraz island you should totally name the owl “Owl Capone”
double check the time and date, and then cross reference that with the ISS fly bys. You can also check it against other satlelites.
Awesome
Ok. Let’s hope he actually fills it with water this time. Think this is the 3/4 filling it with water video. 🤣🤣  Last video you got some water.
Big Al like Bama’s mascot
The owl should be named, "Knight" owl.  As far as the fox's go. Gray fox looks like a coyote, with stubby legs. Therefore, I believe the unknown animal is, a red fox which is smaller then the Grays.
Those ducks aren't going to last long  once let out
Howell the owl.
I hope your ducks make it.  They are so cute.
hooters lol
From Louisiana, I’d name the owl “HooDoo”
Yup some kind of fozes.
Link’n log house
Got to name the owl HOOT ....... or does that name have another connotation over there in the USA?. Loving this pond being built just can't wait to see it full, A follow-up from the UK 👍
i was just telling someone yesterday..i wish he would update!! 😄👍👍
If you want good protection for the ducks add in some geese or dwans.
Dang this is a nice project.  I saw a Red tailed hawk kill a full grown duck and eat it.  After the hawk left I inspected the duck..... It was bad,  the hawk hollowed out its body.  There wasnt much left of the duck, it was hollowed out.     I'm telling you,  its soo nice on that dock your going to want to camp out on it.  A small roof on the back area wont get in your way when casting......and the women need a place to pee.
Can't wait for the next update.get excited every time a new ones up.
red-tailed or cooper's hawk perhaps.
Let's name him Owl Bundy ☺☺🤘
Name that owl Mr. Hamer
Man I wait all week for this lol
Your Wood Duck houses are going to need sheet metal around those posts to keep the Raccoons out. They will eat the duck eggs.
That was a War Eagle going after the (Oregon) ducks.
Watch out for land based bird houses. I am constantly shooting squirrelscwho take over and move into my bird houses. They enlarge the hole so they can fit in. Throw out the resident birds and eat the eggs. It's bad enough that they move in, but it really makes me mad when the kill the eggs and babies.
Name the owl James
Who who the owl!
When is the barn building series starting?..lol
Hooter is a great name for the owl
Owl’s name~  HOOTIE H👀.  (HOO)
Very cool bro!👍
Name for owl: Owl Capone
Great video. Everything is looking good. Are you going to be adding any vegetation to the pond or are you going to wait and see what comes in naturally? It looks like you need a few more ‘bluebird’ houses. Thanks for sharing!
How long you think it will take to fill the pond
My 5 year old daughter thinks you should name the owl Hawla.
Green water also can mean free floating algae. Now is the time to add daphnia, cyclops, seed shrimps, and other micro crustaceans to build your food chain.
Deff Grey fox.
Name the owl Big Al kinda a play on phonics 😜
Owl’s name=Hooty and the bait fish
If you can get your hands on gypsum you may be able to use it to clarify the pond, test with a tsp in a glass of pond water. It flocculates suspended clay particles - it does not change ph levels. I would put the gypsum in a barrel allow some of the pumped water to run and dissolve it gradually. It is a ionic chemical reaction and once the suspended clay has bound to the gypsum it the effect reduces over time , I would do a little at a time so as no to affect the clay liner(not that I think it will) I’d do something about the ducks, they need some better shelter so wild animals don’t stress them so much
Name the Owl; Mr. Who Tide
Big Al.  Cause you say "the big awl".
Could build a mini Lincoln log structure
The new name for your OWL should be Professor!!! Need to train it to eat what you want it to eat not the ducks!!! If you feed the other animals, grain, peas, peanuts you grow, then find a substitute source for it!!!! As the food cycle is not just one sided it is a full cycle!!!
I have a feeling the Choctaw County is gonna come out in you and Liz and we won’t be seeing the hawk anymore. 🤣
The owls name is a clear choice, hootie, like Hootie and the blowfish
The meteor shower Orionids peaked on October 21st. Some were probably planes, but many were probably the meteor shower.
Looking awesome!!!! Maybe name the owl Temple I’m a SEC guy but 🤷
Literally everything on the sky you c
Call him Owl Frankin,you know from SNL
Make a crib out of the pilings
Its been a month why isn't the pond full yet???  You seem to be dragging this out as long as possible...
Those are Elon musk satellites
“Hooter”
Barney The Owl!
FYI. I’m pretty sure the wood duck boxes need to be over water for the wood duck to use them.  Love the series.  Try to add a fish crib. I think that’s what they call them up north. It’s great cover for fish. I try and find a link to the video I saw on it.
Hey man if you value those ducks I would reinforce that wire with 2x6 welded or woven if you can.
Name the owl (probably a great horned owl) the Night Watch Man.
You could log house the next set or something similar and I thought Artemis for the owl when you brought it up haha really enjoying watching  this project
"This is some damn fort, eh boys!!" - Bam Bam
The name of the owl should be…  OWL Capone 😅🤣
Jesse James for the big owl and Frank for the small owl. because there both partners in crime trying to get the ducks.
Maybe name the main owl "Hootie" and if another keeps showing up name that one "Blowfish".
Honestly I don't think those ducks will last long.. too many predators there.
Wesley the Owl
So sad its almost done.  I just don't know how you could top that. I was like a kid waiting for new episodes.  Thank you so very much for the experience. From central Alberta Canada.  Where we already have ice.
Why did you leave us for so long
How deep when finally full? Is it deep enough?
I think the owl should be named Biden cus he needs to go!
WAIT! Something came in the frame in the background of the deer. I don't know what it was.  Time (5:39)
put up a birf house hotel for swiftts, swallows, and purple martins. They will help keep the moswuito population in check.
You could jsut sink two dead men into the ground where the tee pee is to keep it for floating, as long as the t post have paint all over it it will not rust
How about Dr. Who for the Owls name.
THIS IS THE BEST SERIES 0N THE TUBE !!
Love your video literally can’t wait till I see your videos and HOLLY CRAP that’s crazy it’s filled up so much congrats can’t wait till you make fishing vids 👍👍
Name that owl the "Warden." Or the "Game Warden." Or "Sherriff" since he has a liking to Alcatraz.
Tootsie for the owls name… like the tootsie pop owl for the older generation…
Clyde…. For Bonnie and clyde
AL the owl
Name the Owl, Hootie
Dude I love these videos but holy shit FILL THE DAMN POND UP ALREADY
Call the owl  Barrow after Bonnie and Clyde’s gang.
MR. Howling owl
The owl’s name has to be Dr. Who.
Those ducks are goners once they are let out don't get to attached.
Are you going to put in any aquatic plants?
Pennington seed is from my hometown of Madison GA. 3 of the family members are actually volunteer firefighters with the city fire department that I'm on.
Who dat owl
I love this , can’t wait until it’s filled!
Name the owl Tootsie after the owl off the tootsie pop commercials
Mr who
Ok so not a teepee but like this in steps: 1. Two pillings like this | | then two more on top across the first 2 lile building a tower
Dr who is that 🦉 name
Name his fletcher plz
Names for both Owls:  1.  WHO DAT.   2.  WHO DAR.
12:46 is 100% a ufo
Whooty would be a good mame
The owl is the sheriff of the land.  Who's the only one to stop Bonnie and Clyde?  None other than the Texas Ranger, Frank Hamer. Call the owl Frank or Hamer/Hammer.
With me having chickens the hawk did not surprise me. I’ve had foxes, hawks, and eagles at noon trying to attack them
Hootie
Name the Owl Big Hoot. Thank you for this nature show. Truly entertaining.
Name it AL the owl for Alabama(AL) and with your accent it sounds like you’re saying al lol
Are alligators  prevalent in your area?
Name the Owl, Lesgo Brandon.
WMS makes some good seed. I just planted my fields with the alabama blend! You should try it out next year it’s awesome
The night shots were lovely. .Living in the city as I do , I don’t really see the stars . The pond is coming along beautifully and soon will be as active as your night time fields .
Oscar the owl
Bayou Owl
You should name the owl “Tootsie”  ya know… “how many licks does it take to get to the center?” Hahaha
I'll be back in 2030 hope it's fishing Time by then 👍🤣
The owls name should be Al. It just makes sense
Name the owl Mr.Hooty
The obvious name for your owl is Dillenger.
Do you plan on building a cabin out there
I vote for Oscar...the owl.
Is it just me or does the water level look crooked to the level of the pond surrounding? The back left corner looks like it needs to be taller.
Woohooo its looking water colored, aaaaaaalmost therrrrree
Honestly the name of the owl should be Bonnie
2 vids a week pls
What ever happened to Bowzer, the map turtle?
Wouldn’t you want to put a cone shield on the bottom of duck box on island to prevent chicken snakes from getting in nest to eat eggs?
Is moby over 3lbs?
🔥Great Video 🔥
Owl name should be levi
Name the Owl Bob
How bout naming the Owl Otis. Otis the Owl.👌
When the pond is full, well you relocate your captured fish and turtles to the "5 acre pond" ?
Because I'm a total nerd, the Latin for a horned owl is bubo, and for oak tree is quercus. So, Bubba Quercus perhaps?
Fisher
You should name the al-ally
You name the owl...Smokey
Hooch owl name
What if u put the big duck house on alcatraz island
I think, and this is just a guess, you let those ducks out, day or night, they are food.
Owl Pacino 🤣🤣🤣
so glad for the update. been wondering what has been going on.
Cal the owl "HOOT"
Will you need to add bacteria to the pond for the fish, or will you let the pond cycle itself before you add the fish?
The mystery is prob a grey fox or badger
Hedwig the owl
My grandmother used to collect owls. Pictures, figures and statues. My wife picked out a bunch of them when my grandmother passed. If it were my owl to name, I’d name it Chapman. That was my grandmothers middle name.
The owl...BAR. Clyde's favorite weapon and one I think is pretty cool is the Browning Automatic Rifle (BAR)
You could have used those logs to make your daughter a raft !!!
His name shall be Screech.
Owl Capone
I can't wait till it's finally done!
Stack some of the pilings like Jenga obviously leaving some gap's. So they'll have a little jungle gym obstacle to swim through.
Have you seen any turkeys?
You should name the owl “Owlbert”
That wildlife is so much fun to watch. You have created a new microclimate that will support a great population of animals. The coyotes are important too!! They keep the sick deer weaned out of the herd and may take a few fawns in the spring, but you will only ever see the deer populations grow with what you are doing here. The coyotes are all part of nature and it’s balance too. YEP!! You are right, those are foxes. I was wrong in my guess. As a subsistence hunter from the past, you have a very nice food supply here for you and a select few friends if you chose. I don’t hunt big game so much any more, but if I have a freezer full of halibut, ling cod and salmon,,,,, I’m pretty darn happy!! Just added about 100 lbs from a trip out last week. Going back to the coast in about 3 weeks. May only bring a halibut home from that trip and let everything else go for the next person that needs it! Can’t keep em all!! Hahaha.      Definitely quite the thing building the pond for a couple of Bass,,,,,, so to speak!!! Hahaha. Thanks for sharing!
Al the owl 🦉
Name the owl Hooter
“The wise Mr. Owl” from tootsie pop to name the owl
Them hawks dont care i remember my rooster ran into my porch with a hawk right on its tail and both of them made it inside had to grab the hawk and throw it outside. Maybe a goose would buff up security
How about the owl is hoots from Sesame Street. (Assuming Sara likes sesame street)
Let’s goooo
You need hardware cloth or window screen on the inside of those wood duck houses under the hole for the babies to climb out!!!   Also you need a raccoon guard for the duck house on the island too!  Raccoons swim!!!!
I am warning you that the ducks wont last long at all they will die
Bertie the owl?  Play on the word birdy.
Those ducks are goners…
You might want to try stringing some fishing line over and around the duck house to possibly keep the hawk away. Birds aren’t too keen on flying around fishing line
I think it should be- Drake
If its not to late, you should run some 3/4" pvc Grey to the island for future electrical. Or you can always set up solar
Is it Red Fox...? Duck house maybe installation the water spray sensor from the top of the Duck house to scare the predators..
Owls name should be Ollie.
Hooter the owl
Do you hunt deer on your property, it seems like you do really good if you hunted
Crappie??
Call him owl roker cause he knows what time it is year round being a meat eatereoligist and all
Owl Catraz is checking on his island.
Owl Capone
Really enjoying your channel!
It would be cool if you build a cross somewhere in the background of the pond
Put a tree on the island
Call the owl Hootz!!!
Since you have Alcatraz we should call the owl Night Watch or Night Watchman.
that sheild may work good for keeping racoons out of your wood duck boxes, but will it keep rat snakes out? rat snakes will wipe a nest out faster than anything. metal sheeting around the poles work good too. man you have your work cut out for you with the predators there. electronic call, a predator decoy and a 22/250 or .223 works wonders on em, great fun and save all your pets
Owl Capone
Really wanted you guys to put the duck house on the island 🤣
IM CURIOUS ON HOW THE LIGHTS WILL GET REPLACED UNDER THE DOCK IF THEY NEED REPLACED..I KNOW YOU CAN DRAIN THE POND BUT WHAT ABOUT ALL THE FISH
Owls name should be Hooty Hoo. Series is one of a kind!
Why would you just stand there watching your ducks get the crap scared out of them by the hawk? Not cool. They need a shielded side
Those ducks have got to be pretty stressed
Owl name should be Lesco Brandon
Alfred the owl
you might want to plant some under water plants for o2 and for more shelter for fish
Big Al
Since the owl likes to hang out at Bonnie’s, name him Clyde.
arent you worried an eagle wont just come and scoop up for fav fish?
Hoover 🦉
Hawks hunt during the day, they're not nocturnal hunters like the owls.
Youtuber Shawn Woods is your mouse trap expert.
Grey foxes for sure. I see 2 just like it several times we a week. Name the Owl Hooty
And the hawk be named Ted Hinton
I love watching these videos can't wait to see it fill up
A MUSTER OF PEACOCKS WILL PROTECT YOUR DUCKS... A MUSTER OF PEACOCKS WILL PROTECT YOUR DUCKS... A MUSTER OF PEACOCKS WILL PROTECT YOUR DUCKS... A MUSTER OF PEACOCKS WILL PROTECT YOUR DUCKS... A MUSTER OF PEACOCKS WILL PROTECT YOUR DUCKS...  Get a bunch of them they will gang up on any bird of prey that threatens the flock... Chicken farmers use them...
Yup it’s small grey foxes on the game cam footage!
Keep em coming! Can't wait to see it full. I've never been so excited about a pond!
It's only necessary to name the owl hooter
Name the owl after Frank Hamer the sheriff that wanted Bonnie and Clyde killed and the mystery animal is more that likely a small grey fox due to the puffiness of the tail and that high pointed tipped ears
That bright “UFO” could’ve been the International Space Station. There are ISS tracking websites if you wanna track it.
possum
You should set the remaining pilings completely vertical in the shallows so they slightly stick out like tree stumps. Top water heaven!
You should find a stripped old car body and put it in the lake. Fill it with wood
Name the owl Hootie
Stock your pond with bait fish, bluegill and sun perch and leave it alone until spring. Give them time to adapt and reproduce. That way, when you do stock the pond with bass, there will be plenty of food for them. Also, you want to let the water conditions stabilize before adding in your pets. One more thing, add something to eat the mosquitoes because now you have a 5 acre breeding ground lol.
Maverick the owl, has a nice ring to it
Ive been dying for this video lol
Lost a rooster today in a open top pin to a hawk today myself
Great video as usual. I don't have any other idea for those poles other than more tepees in other areas of the pond. But I think you should add another bird house to the island, but make it a large condo birdhouse. Also have you thought of adding Milkweed, or your regional equivalent, plantings to attract the butterflies, your daughter would enjoy it.
Look good
The crimson who for the owl
The owl shall be named.  Dr. Hoot
Sunday’s are for football and BamaBass uploads!!!
looked like a fishercat
Tutsi for the owl. Like on the old tutsi pop commercial.
Hm...how about "Ghost" for a name for the owl?  Definitely it's ghostly watching how she (or he) wafts across the camera's field.
its not the same animal.
Bass Cabin needs to be built from the remaining post.
Use the rest of the pylons to make the ultimate bass bed and plant a camera on it for the spawn!
Hoowty or mr. hoowty
moby looking as big as bonnie and clyde
Name the owl Parker for Bonnie’s last name.  Or Clyde.
The owls name should be "Inspector Whoo"
Name the giant owl, Owl Catraz or Weird Owl Yankovich
Huge red tail hawk
Owlexander! Puns are peak humor right?
I think probably in about 3 months... will be half full...🧐😬
I know it’s simple but I sure like “Hoot”.        I stayed at a Ranch in Oklahoma called Hoot Owl Ranch.. loved the name..
Look I understand why you want ducks at this pond. But I gotta say your basically offering the predators a free meal.
I am so in awe of you work.  It’s just beautiful.   I love to fish and this is a dream.
HOO-TEE. FOR THE OWLS NAME.
We didn't draw deer tags in Arizona. My kids would love to help thin out a few bucks. 😄
You should build some bat houses to help keep mosquitoes in check!
Those are planes in the time lapse shot. You wouldn't notice a shooting star because your video probably captures one frame every few minutes. Great video, just stumbled on your channel.
Ponzo the owl
✝️  would be cool
Your back!!!!!!! Call the owl bayou since he chills there all the time
Need to set up motion sensor light or sound unit at the duck enclosure
Surprised you havent started getting aquatic vegetation and invertebrates in the pond tonget a jump on stocking.
Great stuff man, tons of wildlife around your pond!
Great video 👍👍
Dewy the owl
100 gal a minute?
Since most everything with this pond is going with a Bonnie and Clyde theme the big and small owls could be named Frank Hamer and Maney Gault the two cops that killed Bonnie and Clyde
"The Duke" from Rockadodle! Perfect owl name
This is called living life ..throw some Oscar's in there
what a great project! a pleasure to watch it develop
To be honest I feel bad for the ducks.. they just get tormented in that little house.. once they are out they will be eaten .. you should re home them
you should call the teepee, trout teepee
Love the rattle gators in the background.  You can barley see them considering they are completely invisible to the naked eye.
Miniature log cabin out of pylons
Neat to see the night activity. Lots goes on in the dark
For the owl name, what about Oakley the Owl (After the century Oak tree).
Name the owl Jessie James
Name the owl hoot
OWL Name - Dr. Blinky from H.R. Pufnstuf
Mate. It looks like you need a lot more structure in the dam.
The owl should be called Barney, Dash, or Ace.
Name the Owl Frank Hamer, the cop who tracked down Bonnie and Clyde.
you should name the owl bodi because bodi seems like a very big, and strong name
A nickname for the owl is Hootie
The owl should be named “Seymour” get it... SEE-more. He’s an owl
It's starlink
Owl name: Night watchman. Someone has to watch over all the convicts.
Name the owl hooter!!!!!
Those hawks can definitely take care of a pigeon problem.
Phineas and Ferb
I said grey fox last video. I have them on my game cams in N. Al.
A name for the owl, Hootie. As in Hootie and the bass fish. lol
They look like badgers. I'm not sure if you have them around but the way they walk with it's head up. looks like a badger . By the way I love wut u do it's amazing keep up the hard work
Soon as you let those ducks out the pin...ATE no question
Chester the owl
Can't wait for the next episode get anxious to see it full and what vegetation you plant around the pond for cover and shade for the fish
TUA the OWL 🦉 After  Tua Tagovailoa Back to back National Champion for BAMA!!! LOVE THE SERIES ON THE POND BUILD!!!!!
The things in the sky were star and they appeared to be moving because of the earth rotating
I’d name the owl Griffin
OWL NAME -  "OWLiver Twist.
I bet I'd be the first person to hook one of those under water lights! Looks awesome bud! ..oh and name the owl Tommy, as in Tommy Gun
omg you wont believe how much i waitedddddddddd
Oliver the Owl
pain in the butt if a water lamp bulb burns out with them being buried in rock ??
Was that Owl Bundy?
Name the owl  “Al”
I get exited whenever I see you upload
Name the owl: 🦉 owl bundy
Wow... I missed a lot
You should name the owl Warden 🦉
owl name.. HOOTIE            {and the blowfish}
Make a cross out of the piling, I think it’d be cool.
The owl should be called Hooter 🤔
Name the owl Hootie
Please come up with a solution to keep animals from harassing the ducks
A couple of good owl names Monty (for Montgomery) or Great Gazoo ( Another Flintstones reference like Bambam)
I'm gonna be honest here. I thought it would fill up full by now. Just goes to show how big the scale is.
As for a name for the owl, just something basic like "Hooter", make sure he has a lollipop lol. I haven't checked in lately on some of your videos. About the ducks, have you feed the ducks some minnows. Have a little kiddie pool and watch them ducks chase the minnows, your daughter will like that, my 3 granddaughters ages 2 to 7, they love watching that, even better than watching the bass eat minnows lol.
Are you putting Moby in the new pond?
Name the Owl "Bran" from game of thrones cause hes a seer and the Three-Eyed Raven
Name the owl Darrius Rucker. Sarah can call him Hootie.
Name the owl duckie. Since he likes the pond as much as the ducks.
Might be a good time to treat your dock at least the underside with Thompson's in a garden sprayer. If it hasn't been done yet .
I think either Hoot or Tootsie after the owl from the tootsie pop commercial
With the extra logs build a little house for the fish maybe for them to either bed or just hang out
if you want to protect your ducks get a couple of geese and raise them from birth with some ducklings, the geese will take on a protective role attacking stuff in a way only a goose could.
You need a predator guard got the duck box or nothing will make it.
How is a duck supposed to get into that hole?!?
Name the owl... "Who"
Owlbert
Yeah last weeks animals were gray foxes and that was a possum. I'm up north of you in Tuscaloosa and predator control is a side hustle of mine. You have a lot of predators for those two ducks and I'm afraid that the first week you turn them loose, they'll be gone. I know a guy in Baldwin that does what I do that could help with the predators if you need some help.
What you made a really nice shape Pond and you made it really big being 5 acres and all but I think you didn't make it anywhere near close to deep enough you know a brand new 8 foot deep Pond will only be 5 feet deep in 5 years because of the soot that will build up in it quickly,, if I was you I would drain what water is in it back out of it and I would take it from being 8-foot deep down to being at least 15 ft and personally I would prefer to be at least 20 minimum oh, it's a good-looking Pond but I don't think it is near deep enough
Tootsie the Owl
If you had to guess how much does Moby weigh?
Name the owl “bully”
Name him "Big Al".  Simple.
Put a couple of the post on island to tie off to
Ya them are definitely  grey foxes
Wend you gonna move the duck 🦆 house in the center of the lake island were the predator DONT mase with them
Name owl :  Owl
Sweet I've been waiting for a new video..I would totally help for free just to learn.
Owlie the owl
Name the owl hoot
Owl Name: Owlfred
I don't think those things are foxes they didn't have the fluffy tail like the later ones
Put more bird houses out there
Is that algae?
The owl is hedwig
Since the big owl keeps making appearances, you could go Shwartzennegger and name him, “Owl Be Back.”
Pineapple
Since he likes Bonnies Bayou he is the Bonnies Bayou Owl. BBO so cal him Bo the owl
Meteor shower maybe?? The Perseids Active from July 17 to Aug. 24. Peaks around Aug. 11-12.
The fish are going to be spoiled here 😂
You seem to have some really good video cameras. Especially the IR cameras; they seem to have a really huge range. Could you tell us what cameras you are using? I have learned a lot from watching these videos; I didn't realise how little I know about ponds until I started to watch these videos. Thanks, and keep them coming. PS: I am in The People's Socialist Paradise of Australia.
Name the owl after Franck Hamer, the guy that hunted down Bunny and Clyde or Texas Ranger
Id hate to say it but I don't think the ducks are gonna do well once there able to roam free.  Alot of predators.  Hope I'm wrong
So with the Pond Property, are you going to build a Dream home on it as well, or its just for the pond?
Frank Morris was one of the 3 who escaped Alcatraz in 1962 I believe.  You could name the owl frank
Hi
Let’s goo a new upload I love this series lol
A stud like Moby needs a few ladies to court! Think of a pond with Mobies offspring.
Sadly,  I don't think the ducks will be able to enjoy the pond as much as you would like.  That hawk will be their demise.
I believe Alcatraz is Spanish for gannet which is a large sea bird
Big iron billy, because all of the names are western style
That big owl should be named "Big Al"
In the beginning of the series a working killed a cotton mouth, they are venomous obviously so please play close attention especially when the kids or dog is around the water especially the dock as that’s where they will hunt fish IF they are hunting fish. They aren’t aggressive but still, watch out please.
A name suggestion for the owl = Bubo. Thats the golden owl from Clash of the titans.
I'm thinking about "Mr Owl"  from the old Tootsie pop Commercial.
So do you plan on making it a pay lake?
I’ve been waiting so long
Also my first instinct would be to run after the hawk and scare it off.  It is bad for fowl to get stressed like that.  They can’t get away and think they will die.
The mystery animal is actually is a little swift fox
I think a cool name for the owl would be Johnny Cash sence he was the man in black and the owl is only out at night and looks black on the camera.
Everyone else has really great names for the owl. They all seem to go with the Bonnie and Clyde theme, but for the life of my I can't think of a good name that revolves around the Bonnie and Clyde story line. For that reason the owl should be named Henry for no good reason other than it is an owl that hoots. Please pick one of these other names that are actually thought out haha.
Name the Owl Hootie... (and the bassfish)
Once we seeing the game cam footage I get sad because I know the videos almost over 👏😮‍💨😪
Any idea how many approximate gallons the pond will be?
Big AL
How big would you say mobie is?
They’re definitely gray foxes. I’ll never understand what the people saying that they’re weasels are seeing. I don’t think they’ve actually seen how small a weasel is before. I hate to say it, but the ducks don’t stand a chance if they are let loose.
Can you put catfish in it
Well you be putting catfish in the pond as well
Nice update, this is going to be awesome when it's done and settled in. As for the night sky, its Elon Musk's Starlink satellites no doubt.  1 man ruining the night sky for the whole planet.. There are 1740 up there now, he has permission to fly 12,000, he wants to put up 42,000.
You should name the owl Hootie
Owl Bundy!
The owl should be called Warden in sticking with the outlaw/alcatraz theme.
Would've been cool to put a giant meter sticking out there to show how deep the water is.  Give a nice idea of water depth during droughts and raining seasons.
So I’m watching all these Blogs and your ducks ain’t going to last
Owl name: Hoot
I'm just curious if he's going have oxygen level issues with the pond.
You need a guard goose.
I am sure some of those a starlink mini   internet satellites . Those are in low earth orbit. Compared to high earth orbit satellites. They are going to put a very large amount in orbit.
Owls name should be Hootie
Name the owl, Nightwing. After all, they are nocturnal birds.
Why did you plant sorghum if you are not going to harvest it?  Why not some sort of mixture of native plants that can grow up quickly and provide actual protection for the deer?
Island needs a oak and or willow tree on it. I wonder why the ducks are not roosting inside the house? Name the owl "Tater", why, every good southern story needs a tater in it somewhere!
time to plant the pond
Owlliott Ness or Owl Capone
you should name the owl "Big Al"
That smaller mystery animal was an opossum
Alan the owl
Good call on the foxes. Moby's such a badass!
Name the owl hooty
Name the owl Hooters
Name the owl hooty
That owl's name is nightlife researcher
Googan
Lets call him Al The Owl.
Name the owl hoot
Owl Bundy
The owl might be mice-in-actor? Or something related to Bonnie and Clyde
I love these videos good job 👍
Brings to mind the expression "sitting ducks".
Maybe Daven for the owl or just call him night hawk 🤔 either a cool person name or superhero 🤔
Name the Owl "The Night Stalker "
hooty hoo..owl name
i think some big boulders and rock formations would be good structures as well as maybe some hollowed out tree stumps or logs that the fish can hide in and go through and maybe if possible a small trench would be nice as well. Along with some aquatic plants once it fills up more.
Big AL 4 owl.Faling in love with ur channel.Keep up the great entertaining.Thx.
The owl's name is easy, AL.
Name the owl Harry Hootini 🤣
Name the Owl "The Professor" since they're often depicted as smart and scholarly.
I really suggest   Something like Rebar To  Hold those wires tight in case someone snags  Them
Should name the Owl Dr.Hoo
Owl name:  Tootsie Pop
Hootie & the BassFish
Love the progress. Looking forward to the final result.
"I sure do wish that show 'Mutual of Omaha' was still on TV!"  "Yeah, that ended years ago, and you're never gonna find anoth---- hey, wait a minute!"
Another great video... Thanks!!!
Name the Owl the WISE ONE! Because Owl's are supposedly wise!
I don't think those boxes you mounted are big enough for wood ducks. But maybe they are.
This has got to be the coolest video series on YouTube.
I would definitely run lights down the Poles of my dock and underneath my dock it's my doc so the kids can see the fish ride below you at night
How does vegetation work in the pond? I think it would be really cool for you to make the pond self sufficient and before you put any bass put a bunch of bait fish so they can thrive and find their hiding spots before the bass come and hopefully it'll be a balanced ecosystem but won't you need vegetation for balance?
Hootie
Nailed it grey foxes and red fox
Mystery animal os a Fischer I'm pretty sure.
Drake ducks are badass they will fight to the death to protect their ladies and babies
Tootsie would be a neat owl name. Owls remind me of Mr.owl from the tootsie pop commercials
U should definitely put a picnic table on the island
Archimedes is a great name for an owl.
red hawlk  can be very aggressive,
Man, Everytime I see the next video to this whole build I'm like, YES!!!!! Lol
Mr.Hoot
I want to name something on the pond build.  The walk that the ducks will make from their house to the pond to swim should be call "the Green Mile" or "Death Row".
You should name the owl Berry
I would try to entice your ducks to the indoor portion of their duck house. Maybe put another water tub in there. It would be safer for them and less stressful than seeing their predators every night
Big AL FOR the owl 🦉 duh! Lol 😂
Name the owl Hoot!  Looking forward to next week!
Really enjoy these updates. Yall got a great set up.
The close up was a fox, but the long distance shot was some kind of polecat, weasel or stoat which move differently.
I used to work at a bird of prey rescue and learned that hawks generally feed around 2pm. I was surprised and always assumed they would hunt early or late in the day, but mid day encounters are prime time for them.  Thanks for the great videos, always enjoy watching.
Best video yet!  Been subscribed for a good while and watch shortly after posted.  Great use of time lapse and showing the special features of your slice of heaven.  That night time video was awesome! I'd lose my job bc I'd be spending all my time out there!
Always happy to see a new video from yall in the notifications. The place looks great!!
I see weasles and a fox
I think the owl should be named Darius, after Darius Rucker from Hootie and the Blowfish
I think you should name the owl Grand Duke. He was the head owl from Rock a Doodle.
Name him OWLBEBACK.
Saben the owl.
How much do you think Moby weighs?
I feel like the ducks are gonna get eaten the moment you let them out honestly, they must be so stressed out too I have to imagine
im thinking the owl should be called Archimedes
HOOTERS
Definitely grey foxes 110%
The owl should be named BB  Which stands Bama Boomer because it’s in Alabama and he acts like a boomer
i think the mystery animals may be minks native to the US fluffy tails with long bodies low to the ground those look to tall to be foxes.
Man there’s a lot of predators out there. Idk if it will be a good idea to keep the ducks around.
You should make a hut or another teepee and mount one of the wood duck boxes on it💁👌
Name the Owl Heimdal cause his eyes glow bright and he looks like he can see EVERYTHING that ever was and will be
Will you plant a weeping willow on the island in the pond. Please. Thanks.
Call him (owl) luminous (the owl is a illuminate stumble )
How about Dr. Who for the owl?
The owl shall be named.... Tootsie!! If you’re old Enough you get it!!
Love the series
Very nice.  No worries of snagging those lights while fishing?....seems like it would be a constant headache.
Big Al the owl
What about “Hootie” for the owl?
Name the owl Barney
Owlabama  or Owlfred
i love mobyyyyyy!
A lot of the streaks in the sky looked like airplanes and satellites to me.
I think the owl should be called Frank after Frank Hamer, the man who tracked down Bonnie and Clyde!
ufo footage!
how Long until it's full?
Ozzie the owl
You could build a bench or some type of seating for your daughter on the island
Mr. Owl
That's no fun, we didn't get to see anything getting done, everything was filmed after it was done.
That fox was way different than the pair of "mystery" animals ...long-tailed weasels, black tip on the tail, light underside
My son thinks the owl should be named Willow.
Why don't you get one of those solar-powered game cameras and/or security cameras with timelapse built in? Should be weatherproof and able to go weeks without filling up a memory card if you only did 1 pic a minute or something like that.
Lol that hawk looking beautiful! Gotta let him get one duck Ayy
HOOT THE OWL
Barney the Barn Owl. Could also be a play on Barney Fife, keeping an eye on Bonnie and Clyde.
I would put one on the island to because of snakes they love eggs
How often do you feed your bass ? I also have pet bass here in florida
"Hooty" the Owl.
What is the total cost to build the pond?
Al the Owl.
Put a cross somewhere you can see from the dock✝️
What will happen to the bamabass backyard pond?
When u stock the pond u should tag moby, Bonny and Clyde for sure!!
Nice ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Olly Owl Orville Owl
on your night shots on the lights slowly going across the sky, could be ISS, you can track the ISS orbits, compare to the date, time and verify.
Unfortunately wood ducks will not use those boxes mounted on land.  They have to be surrounded by water for the woodies to use them.  They are extremely picky.  They know predators come from land.
🦉 “X the Owl”.
No
When will you start to stock bait fish in the pond?  Looks like you have enough water to start.
Name the owl, Owl Capone.
Point it in one direction, launch drone from same spot going straight up... daily comparison!
Love the videos keep them coming
Shooting stars are only visible for a second or two.  Those were probably planes.  Your night camera won’t be fast enough to see a shooting star.
You should name the owl Hal, Hal Smith was the original voice actor for Owl from Winnie The Pooh. Hal the Owl. 🦉
How long does the water need to it before you can put fish in?  Are you checking PH?
Trying to figure out how/ why, I'm so interested in this?
You should name the owl old hooter! 🦉
Ted the owl
That is one scary place for ducks to live. I don't think they will last too long on the pond
Name the owl “outlaw” after all owl is basically in the name
Those poor ducks haha
Mostly planes that are shooting across the sky, maybe some satellites, but 3:09 is the Orion constellation, you can see the three stars that make the belt. 12:49 i think is the ISS
The owl should be called “Brite eyes”
I love this show. Keep up the good work....
You have to name it "Owl Capone"!!!!
wise old owl
Owl should be named Whodini. It fits so well
The owl should be named Hooter
Grey fox 100%
Call the owl, "Tootsie". Get it?
I vote Woodsy Owl for the owl. He usually seems to hang out around some sort of timber
So happy for the pond update
Why not use Solar to power the pump?
Pond seems so much bigger now it's filling with water. Didn't realize how massive it is.
Are you going to plant any trees on Alcatraz Island?
Clyde as in bonnie and Clyde
the owls name should definitely be Harry
Owl= Cooter the Hooter
Its an owl so obvious Al
I worry those ducks won't survive one day outside of that coop.
Ducks cant use that type of walkway to go into that coop. Guessing that is a repurposed chicken coop?
2:53 - Cool to see the moon and stars as the earth rotates in relation to them and drags them across the sky -  makes for some awesome time lapse in the night sky - great shot there ...
Oliver the owl
Nice keep it up
I love seeing content like this in MY hometown 💕. It's so cool to see what we're capable of
I want to visit this place... Gonna be breathtaking 😍
Owl Lee
call the owl HOOT
Owlbert
Best put another Duck house on the island for there safty aginst hawks and Owls
Owl’s name is Big Red
for the owl, a good name is Red. can have your own Red Owl, then.
It's crazy how much wildlife thrives in that area. And you can even tell there's no stress. Their posture seems relaxed always. That's really cool
What game cameras are you using?
how many gallons will the pond hold when full?
The Grand Duke Owl from Rock-A Doodle.
Owl Capone /// owl name/// or just Capone or al
The owls name should be hornet since he’s always buzzing in to cause trouble
Ayyyyye lets goo, didn’t think he would actually use the teepee idea I had🤘🏾🤌🏾
How many gallons do you estimate the pond will hold 8 million is my guess
Every time I look the far corner doesn’t look high enough to fill the pond up to the dock.
How big is moby now
Its lit 🔥🤣
Been a minute
I like Hootie for the owl.
Those two dislikes.  Have to be accidents...
If you have any problems with the foxes all you have to do is say "Swiper, no swiping" and you'll be just fine.
Will call the Owl…..Hootie, like hootie & the blowfish
Another good thing for nesting ducks is hen houses from Delta Waterfowl.
Hootz for the owl. Thanks again for sharing. This old city boy really enjoys the critter cams.
I think I would run power and fresh water out to the island in case you want it there later
Even when it gets full and the ducks sleep on the island I dont think they will make it too long. The owl/hawk will swoop in
100 gallons a minute sounds like something amazing...then I stop and think about my 44 gallon fish tank and how many buckets of water it takes to refill it after I do some gravel vacuuming..then I look at how large this pond is gonna be when full.  Suddenly 100 gallons a minute seems really super tiny
AL the owl
You should name the owl "OWL CAPONE"
HOOTIE THE OWL!!!
try to attract crows or buy black chickens and theyll trick the hawks into thinking crows are around and scare them away
I’ve been waiting all week 😭😭
I was thinking 'Diablo' from Sleeping Beauty (for the Owl 🦉 of course) 😉
Those ducks are doomed if they get freedom
Owls name should be NIMH The secret of NIMH The great owl.
Large owl "Spooky" All small owls "Spooketts" The hawk, if it is a red-tail can name it "The "Red Baron". The raccoons call then "Long Ranger No.1", "Long Ranger No. 2".  Hopefully your daughter can learn to count by raccoons.
The new mystery animal seems to be an opossum. Love the series.
The owl should be called Tootsie. From the Mr. owl in the Tootsie pop commercial.
I liked the video before it fully loaded. I was too happy to see the update.
They are more than likely Star Link Satellites
So is the water going to clear up and can you swim in the pond
Name him either Big Al or Hooty
Call him Owlof /Owlov
Name the Owl “Tootsie” like Mr. Owl from the tootsie pop commercials
You should name the owl Al
Name him either Big Al or Hooty
Owls name could be Tootsie. Would be icing on the cake.
I can't wait to see this at night with the lights on underwater!! Super stoked!! Cheers 🥂
OWL-CATRAZ Should be his name
the last time i was this excited about a new episode was the return of Breaking Bad
Big AL..
This place is going to be Heavenly, especially if you like nature. Your family is going to love this so much and we all love seeing the videos. God Bless.
Don’t realize how much I miss the pond build until you skipped a week!!! Glad you’re back. Texas sub and loving it!
Call the Owl - Albert.
gray foxes for sure
You won't have rabbits for long if let those yotes keep waking ! They will devastate the rabbit population quicker than you might think .
Hooty the owl
Sean, how big is Moby by now. He looks to be about 5 lbs.
Name the owl big Al
Definitely a Fox 🙏
Name the owl Hamer after the officer that caught Bonnie and Clyde
Let's call the Owl "Big AL" for Alcatraz Island and how you say owl lol
Who?
Love this series. Do you plan on planting any aquatic plants?
I love the night video. keep it up please.
Keep waiting every week for updates Thanks.
Seems you would give your ducks a 2x12 board on the bottom of one side to make them feel more protected
Owls name...AL of course
the owl's name should be Marshal, as in the US Marshals. because he can go anywhere and hunt anything. Also you have Sheriff, and Ranger
With your leftover post Amazon has orange screws ground anchors probably come out better then using cinder blocks imagine your post is quite buoyant
Hooter the night owl
i dont think the ducks know they can get up in the duck house
Those were satellites as you can see they only really shoot across the sky right after sunset and right before sunrise
Why not call the owl " fOWL hunter"
weesle and gray foxes for sure
Name the owl HOOT
Name the owl nighty
Name the Owl “AL”
Those things shooting across the sky are called the earth's rotation and regular stars lol
Coyotes are hunting for mice that far out in the field.
my son is watcing with me and i asked him to name the owl , he said "owlette"
you need a couple geese or swans to protect the ducks.
You should Call the owl : Owl Capone Fits with Bonnie and Clyde
Been loving this series, often catch myself looking to see if you posted an early vid!🤣
If the log fish teepees are gonna be completely under water you're gonna want to mark them with something that floats.  Don't know how often anyone will be swimming in there or might jump out of a boat onto them (unlikely but not impossible) but you'll want to keep that from happening.  Just thinking ahead.
Enjoying the pond build episodes...How about Owlbert for the name of the owl!
Why do I feel like the ducks 🦆 are going to get killed when they come out ?
Name The Owl Kruger
I think most of the "shooting stars" are insects flying in front of the camera IR lights. Name the Owl Big Al.
Name the owl, “Hooty”…..😂😂
Me and my girfreind love watching your videos and she thinks you should name the owl Hooter. Cant wait for the pond to be full Thanks for the videos!
“Watcher” because the owl watches over the pond
Name him Owl Bundy.
I’m afraid those duck may not be safe on the loose.
Being a photographer, those are small planes and jetliners in the time-lapse. Pond is looks so amazing!
Keep in mind in the future kids could be diving in the lake from water craft and head plant in any submerged habitat. I know longer use hard habitat in deeper water for that reason. You never know who could be swimming there 25 years from now.
this series is amazing been watching since episode 1 . the amount of wild life is amazing i love seeing it all. that amount of respect you have for the wild life in the area is amazing ! keep up the amazing work !!!
Call the TP the bass shack
Finally, some progress...
Owl's name Rodney, for Rodney Dangerfiels's big eyes
Owl name, “Big Grey Owl.”
Love this video series ❤️ look forward to hopefully getting a chance to one day fish that pond
Call the Owl 'The FBI' for Freaking Big Intruder, since your pond has a penitentiary theme.
The poor ducks don't stand a chance.
The Owls name has to be HOOTER
The owl should definitely be named Hootie!
What a kool ass project
Looked like Tree Swallows, not Bluebirds to me?
You should name the owl “owlet from the PJ masks I thought Sarah might like it
How about naming the owl, "Al" ? Al Capone!
Do the Ducks ever go up the walkway into the enclosed area?
Frank Hamer the Texas Ranger is the officer that gun down and hunted Bonnie and Clyde that would be a good name for the owl
Tootsie for the owl
Are you worried about causing issues with the underground water table for your neighbors?
I mean no disrespect, but with that much predators around I feel like those ducks are not gonna get to live for that long. Love this series btw.
I like the name HOOTER for the owl. glad to see the pond taken water very well
may i come throw a cast or two??  @BamaBass
Alowishus means Famous Warrior so Owlowishus
Owlabama.  For the Owl
This has been such an awesome series. Always look forward for this to come back on. Can't wait to see the finished episode
Please name the Owl Hootie for obvious reasons.
since its a fish pond you should name him "Hooty". like hooty and the blowfish
You could put the logs in a U shape somewhere shallow and see if bass use it as a bed to spawn
The owl should be named “Big Al” cuz that’s how this yankee hears you saying “Big Owl” 🤣.
Name that owl Saban
name the owl hoooodenie
Gotta name the Owl Hooty!
About time you start filling the pond start to thinking it gonna happen.
Awesome
That was awesome but it looks like 11 idiots gave it a thumbs down and now 68 idiots gave it a thumbs down
You said it, "big owl." So it's got to be Big Al
"Hooter" for that big owl
Duke- was magical owl on the 1977 cartoon Cock a Doodle doo. His eyes looked just like what is on your video.
I have been as excited for you as I would be for myself getting that pond up and finished it looks amazing and having a hand in every little detail like you have is just epic I love your channel thanks for the videos. I've always wanted to do something like what you're doing but with an island that has clear acrylic walls under the water level to make my whole pond just one big aquarium for me that you can access from the top side.
Obviously, you need to name that owl Hootie  McHootface!
Yes when can we people come fishing
Weight all the bass please
Hootie and the sunfish
Name him Big Al!! Perfect name for his size!
I'm so ready to see this pond filled, flourishing and an ecosystem unto itself!
Name the owl Big Al
Put the duck House on alcatraz Island
My vote is Fowl Owl for that majestic beast, If you're not sure it is a UFO, by definition it's a UFO lol. I'm very jealous of all the wildlife you have in your backyard and you're ability to view it.
That pond really needs a sunken pirate ship in the deepest spot with a broken mast sticking out of the water! Or some stone structures to look like ancient ruins!
Unfortunately I don’t think there’s any hope for your ducks unless you’re right there with them
hate to also say this but due to the lots of flying predators around I don't think they'll stay alive once released, or they'll fly away
Love this series I’m a long time sub! I was watching wayyyy back in the day
call the owl hootie 😊
Mobey 5lbs?
Hoodie the Owl!
I think that’s kind of cruel to the ducks. Something will eventually get inside and eat them.
First off If you pick this I want nothing for it just happy if it's picked. For the owl's name Mr. Hootie Blowfish , reference to the owl the fish and the band.
Your poor ducks! Everything that comes up to the pen wants to eat them!
NAME THE OWL, OWLBAMA, BECAUSE ALABAMA IS AWSOME :)
Love watching!👊🏻🤘🏻🤘🏻
Why not plant Fusion from whitetail institute?  The stuff practically grows itself and will keep growing for at least five years and animals love it.  best thing is you don't need to mow it like most clover.  owl's name should be Hootie and the pondfish
No wild pigs yet? I figured might catch some here and there on camera.
🕶🇺🇸
You should have deer hunting videos
👋😃
The pond looks great! I think that the tipi has started to look more like a camping tent so I think you should go with that and try to add to it and make it a little bit longer!👍🏻
Unlimited imagination projects!  I love it.
Time lapse was amazing, jealous of that place!
I think that you should make two bass tee pee because then there could be more babies cuz you would have two spots where they would feel comfortable to lay eggs . And it also just gives them nice shelter and a nice place to stay on very hot days!
Those are starlink satellites flying over at night
I think you have to many predators to keep ducks outside a house they could easily be killed by that hawk and now that he knows they are there he will come back and wait for his time to strike
HOOTY of course
Beautiful time lapse.
that hawk was a red tailed hawk
This has been one of the best series !!!  #pondbuild
Name the owl big Al (owl) sounds just like big owl with your southern accent
Name the owl Oakley because he was on the oak log
Too bad there will be no blow fish then you could call the owl Hootie or Hootie with no blow fish lol
Owl name - Big Hoot?
Astrophotographer here... those shooting things are planes.  Most time lapses won't catch shooting stars.
For the name of the owl I think it should be Old Oak Owl, In honor of the 100 year old tree that you lost.
Orion @3:05
Band the extra logs together for a floating log island.
Peanut
Noice
The owl's name has to be Al Pacino
Put the camping a tree for the time lapse
Name the owl Griffin. As a shout out to Harry Potter’s owl and his house at Hogwarts - Gryffindor
Use the last pilings to make a log cabin style structure.
Name the owl woodsy
Would you consider putting the duck pin on the island for them.
Hedwig and Harry for the owl names
Congrats to your wife on the awesome buck!
when do you estimate will you realize Moby , and Bonnie and Clyde into the lake ?
Not sure if the pilings would be the best choice but you should have a turtle float too
Name the big owl Al and the smaller one Capone...feel like it would go nicely with Bonnie and Clyde
Maybe Frank Hamer after the Texas Ranger who brought down Bonnie & Clyde.
Skipper the owl
I love these videos. I was hurting cause we didn’t get a video last weekend. Saw the video up and clicked on it right away.
AL
My name suggestion for the owl 🦉 is Tootsie, after the owl from the Tootsie PoP commercial I saw a million times as a kid
Loving this series so much! Love from Brazil
I think Night Light for the owl would be a good name because when it looks to the camera, its eyes and most of its head are pure light
Get rid of the duck house, that’s too stressful for them and why would you encourage ducks there?  They are foxes you asked about.   And I hope you’ve done a PH test on your ground water!
Small foxes
maybe consider some switch grass strips to add winter structure to your food plot fields. great winter wildlife cover when a lot of other stuff dies back or lays down in winter. plus you can make it fun to walk through like a maze for your little peanut daughter.
Owlysius (a play off of the name Aloysius)
Can’t get enough of this build
Owl name idea/ boney’s buddy
The owl looks like a hooter to me
I think that you should call the owl stumpy because I think stumpy just fits him really well and because he's on the Bonnie and Clyde stump! What does everybody else think?
maybe put the ducks in the house part at night, then maybe they will go in without things seeing them.
2week wait worth it- oh and why not just Al? :D
Big AL for the owl yes I know very creative 😃😃😉😉
Name the owl Who lol
Name the owl Hooter
LMAO   Shooting Stars!
How ‘bout Owlbert?
Name the owl. “Owl Capone”.
Maybe some bat houses on the Island?
Im not even subbed the videos just pop up on recommended
What kinds of water plants are you thinking about planting other then lily pads
Hawks are not nocturnal like owls. They hunt durning the day.
Name the owl owlford
I’m thinking the owl should be names Ray after Ray Hamilton, he was a accomplice of Bonnie and Clyde and they even set a jail brake for Ray, and I think it’s just a great name!
Hooters
Take the remaining posts and put them about 3 ft in the ground. It would simulate stumps
For the name of the owl - Mr. Licks - "how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie roll pop"
they are shooting stars which are really just meteors crashing into out atmosphere and burning up when they hit the thermosphere
Name the owl Oaky
Y’all are gonna snag so much lol
How about Hooty ?
Hooters the owl
Woodsy owl
ALLY THE OWL!!! (ALABAMA OWL!!!))
The owls name should be hooty
Do you plan on feeding Moby anything bigger than the shiners? Maybe crawdads or something? He’s getting pretty massive
Name him Al
Name the owl Hooty
It’s been 3 months
Don’t know what your planning with the ducks but ah would get them out of there.
Looked like meteors (shooting stars) to me.  Skipping off the atmosphere.
Name the owl "Hootie" like hootie and the blowfish 🐡. Lol Love your videos man
love this series
Name the owl 360 in honor of that neck!!
snakes will eat the duck eggs on the island if you don't install the critter guard on it.
I think an awesome name for the owl is Oak. 😁
If you have beavers in Alabama then hunt them they are amazing to eat
Randomly chilling and figured I would check and see if there are any updates and… excellent timing lol
Named the Owl Francis after the officer who led the hunt for Bonnie and Clyde. Because of how he hangs around the Bonny’s Byou and looks like he’s looking for Bonnie and Clyde.
Sticking with the Bama theme, the big owl should be "Bear" or  "Bryant"
You should name then I will BB  which stands for bayou Bob
yey!
I swear this bloody pond better be full by the end of this video 🤔
You should name the owl Ozark since the thrones kinda ozarky
I think you should name the owl big al I actually got that from the captions when you said big owl it corrected it as big al
You should add a bunch of brush farther back under the dock so bluegills have a close place to go before and after they spawn around the dock
Will you seed the pong with fresh water mussels to clear up the water?
Mr. Owl , how many licks does it take.............................
Whoo
Hoots the owl from sesame street?
Make a floating raft
We should name the owl hooter
hedwig
This pond is gonna be legendary!!
When you add Bonnie and Clyde you should tag them
Well, my daughter loves the kids cartoon PJ Masks. I'm gonna have to give the nickname "Owlette"
You always call the owl a "Big Owl" so why not call the owl Big Al
A name for the owl could be tweaker or moonshine
I think y’all should name the owl, Hoot.
Call the owl Stewart because that’s the last name of the founder of Hooters. And hoot yah know. I think u get it!
Owl Capone
You should name the owl Hunter
IT'S BACK!!!
Name the owl sock my brother just got a puppy named sock it would be pretty sweet
Owl should be named Owln
Call the owl ....Hooter.....
October is called the second season in Texas because it can be full of severe storms and tornadoes like in the spring.
I missed you guys last week! I'm glad to see this video today. I think you guys are one of the best reality shows on YouTube.
LFGGGGG
People will be kicking themselves in few weeks if they miss the opportunity to buy and invest in bitcoin
Figa è da un anno che non vedo l'ora che lo riempi d'acqua sta pozza hahaha.Dai diocan Bambass <3
Chester, idk why but I like that name
They need more bedding than that i have mandarins and wood ducks they laugh at me when i cut them short 😂i use the $8 bag of pine bedding from TSC
Those were the Orionid meteors
I think the owls name should be hooter. Because my dad is Growing up he saved a baby owl and Took care of it until it Grew up. So ya
I love seeing this progress!!!
You should fill it with some smallies for variety
Me lying on the couch feeling like crap....     bass pond filling.... perks up and I don't even fish lol  that hawk would of killed those ducks easy...ive  seen them kill chickens just for fun...yep small grey fox..coyotee around my way hunt deer and even small baby moose...
Feels like I’ve been waiting for a year for another episode
How about Logger for the owl, because he was on the log, and seems to check in and log the progress of the pond!
Name the owl Mr.Owl fromm the tootsie pop commercials
October 21st the perseids meteor shower Peaks and your time laps was amazing
Love the series.Can't wait for full pond.
56th*
Been waiting for it man Congrats
FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We have some water here in San Francisco want some?
Looking Good
Love the vids bro can’t wait to see how this project finally plays out after all this time keep it up sending love
Great video as always
😍
Can’t wait for you to finish this bad boy
Finally its felt like so long since the last video i hope well be able to see this happen soon
Literally been checking all day for the update love the videos!
Is the water going to stay dirty??
Can’t wait to see the pound fully finished
Can't wait for this
Im coming to go swimming before the snakes crawl in 😂
Love the pond!.Much love coming from the Bahamas🇧🇸
any deer hunting vids coming soon?
LETS GOOOO!!!!!!! It makes my whole day when bamabass post!😍 Love this channel
THE MOST EPIC SERIES ON YOUTUBE IS FINALLY BACK!!!!
Ayy let’s goo!!😎👊🏻
I haven’t anticipated an episode like this since Game of Thrones
Never clicked so quick I’m so excited
The pond has come so far congrats!!
love this build 😇
Been waiting for this
Loving this series so much! Love from the UK!👍🏾
Ayyyyy
Sweet dude!
Lets go
Heck yaaaa pumped for this one
Fist comment also I love your vids keep it up
I love this series
First
Love the vids keep it up
Good evening
Finally
Yes iv been waiting
Hi  Edit: First
I’ve been waiting forever. Finally
first like
First
First
First
Yesss
Love from Kush.
