E a bit too similar to Karma but otherwise interesting
Feels like this champ will greatly influence the play style and gameplay of the game. This is big utility champ without dmg pretty much, of course i know there are champions like Soraka/Karma/Taric/Yuumi etc. But his kit is even cooler, with 2 heals and CC remove, he can change so many fights.   I still wonder why there's no champ that can cleanse enemies Zhonya, though, fuck that item.
seems like the type of kid pedos like Udyr would target
this annie rework is crazy
He just looks overpowered but this is nothing new. Has cool abilities but i guess they will be way to strong
How work milio R vs bard R ?
Wow, finally a good and balanced new champ. Did I miss something?
broken as hell
As a support main, he's broken people think he's not but believe me INSTA BAN HIM
league is dead
this seems somekind of lulu but because its so boring, they added that ultimate so now it's a very important champ in competitve play cause it removes aoe stuns like amumu, nunu, etc. they probably thought "nope...ppl will buy this, play few games, than forget about it" so they went "lets give this op Ulti that counters other ulti" .. If they won't see ppl use it enough they will buff heavily aoe stun/slow ultimates to force teams to play this as a counter. mark my words. 2-3 weeks after Milio is in, aoe CC champs get buffed.
I play support as a secondary role and I already fucking hate this dogshit kid
asi que nunu ya no es el unico peruano.
Cant wait for the top lane bowling ball experience!
mhm. and did i mention? its caitlyn/tristana season
Thanks for this its wayy easier to navigate and see then the fkin actuall offical riot ability vids
100% gonna be the most busted support on release. Extra range, burn dmg, shields, extra movespeed and a AOE heal/CC. Paired with a decent ADC that can actually carry this shits gonna be unbeatable.
Everyone saying this is a nice change of pace wont be saying that when he clenses your cc combo and makes your champion worthless. Or when players find abuse cases for the attack range buff.
yeaaaa, it is confirmed, rito is trying to kill the game permanently.  da fuq are these abilities!!! guess am quitting for good after this
Breath of fresh air
Milio needs a fking nerf cuh!
I hope he sings un poco loco to his fuemingos 💖
What color is the sky
so many disney characters nowdays
Pathetic and disgusting
не, ну перс дрисня полная
Who are you?
Okay PLEASE do not tell me that this champion can cleanse a Morde R because if it can, it's fucking stupid. Like WAAAAAAY to fucking stupid.
Finally another champ with a light personality and skills that simply aims to help the team. More champs like him please, let's pause for awhile from those dark unhappy and angry champs.
Omg i love this champ so much, simple yet fun looking kit
Braincancer
Seems like could be overpowered with that passive, attack range buff and ult of course. Hope they dont go wrong with him.
This support is every adc's wet dream not gonna lie. Only if future Milio players wouldn't go up front and die most of the time.
This a good champ to play against yuume and seraphine
This is absolutely unreal
MALP MAIN GONNA HATE THIS CHAMP
Wow, a simple straightforward kit, I didn’t know they still had it in them.
Seems boring.
I wonder if his burn buff will be AP scaling like Twitch poison. That will be some annoying shit hahaha
Too bad he is pushed into one role only with this kit.
bad hero design
ah yes, more bullshit enchanters.
so hapoy tgat riot creates such awesome vibes. Lets go much love
0:37 maybe some flat value for melees?
common sup W
Soraka 4.0
Imagine him with Kogmaw! GGEZ
As a fiora OPT this looks broke as fuck wtf permaban Milio
I'm actually pretty suprised this seems pretty reasonable. I think the attack range is going to be a little toxic but overall not too bad... Cait / Trist / Twitch is gonna be a NIGHTMARE now...    Or Vayne.
This guy looks like he sucks unless his healing numbers are busted
Ah yes, just what Caitlyn needed. More attack range.
So I haven't looked at league in forever.. and this champ is finally one that's easy to understand. I like it!
his q is a shorter trist ult
Andá Pa sha Bobo
i like that he is fully support no damage no game breaking damage ults (renata cough cough)
so hes nami + janna.
as a top lane bully, who uses a lot of cc heavy champs I gotta say, milio seems like an amazing champ, event to go against. On top of how adorable he is, Milio seems like the first truly non toxic champ we’ve had in like 3 years. He has a simple and unique trope, his aoe isn’t literally half the map, he has 0 dashes (finally) and his kit seems super easy to grasp. top tier champ and one that gives me, a little hope. Not much, but a gentle flame if you will
Can't wait😊
so you are telling me that this champ has both lulu W E in 1 ability? sound broken already
Wow that support is gonna work with so many adc‘s. The e (movementspeed) will be perfect for Lucian and his ult is like cleanse in better. Then there is his passive which will be absolute strong in combination with red or soul.
the skills is very bruno+diggie 🤣
Its the reworked LuLu
Absolutely terrible ult long cool down as well??
I like the kit, but the champion concept is kind of lame. the game play is simple and thats good, but at least make a champ that is visually appealing. This champion is an eye sore
He could be the new Pyke main counter
looks boring af to play
His original artwork was a black child with fire power and people were saying he looked like Annie in blackface, they changed him 🤣💀
I like the theme song too, i like your video. And thankz to riot for the new Champions. God blessed you💕💕💕🌹🌹🌹
he seems different from other support. i like his abilities. i'm looking forward to using him in wr. hope it happens
We need more champions that are simple and not edgy.
His ult was much needed in the game when there are so many champions with ults that can CC an entire team, and I like that he can't cleanse himself if he's CC'd. The extra range he gives to ADCs sounds a little terrifying though, but I feel like some ADCs need it too
Finally 🧪 a brand support
Imagine finally getting a champ that can actually save you from wombo combo stuns, taunts, roots ect. FINALLY!
Vou virar main esse boneco ne possivel, parece legal dms
I am a bit concerned about W and how it can become extremely broken on Vayne , Cait , Senna and even melee champs but we will see
Good  :)
All is cool but the ultimate will be so fucking problematic for high elo and proplay i can already sense future malding.
AOE QSS XDD
might be a good amumu counter
wtf un peruano en el lol
Finally, a normal champ to understand and pickup. He doesn't have no BS ability shoe-horned in his kit for no reason, it is just an enchanter (he will be annoying since it's an enchanter but will never compete with the likes of Yuumi or Lulu in terms of rage induction)
I won't be surprised if Mobile Legends copies this good character. After bringing Arlott I immediately uninstalled MLBB. They bring easy characters with simple but op skills and abilities but difficult to counter. I rather play AOV than play such an unbalanced game like MLBB
I hope him and nunu  will be great friends ❤❤
Cool design, it also has some resemblance to other fiery champs, he has annie's E ability, and the burn in his passive is similar to brand's blaze without the excluding the circle
Ehm... Empowered auto attacks, burn, knock back, stun, heal, shield, increased attack range, increased movement speed and if that wasn't enough + a damn Cleanse. Botlane nightmare, but who cares, ppl are too busy praising riots for not having to read too much XD
he cant use his own ult to himself is dumb!
yo the content is League of legends but the ads is mobile legends💀💀
WTF what a good ult, with more and more cc being added to the game and only having makeals, mercurial, and cleanse as the only ways to stop cc, this ult is crazy for teams with stacked cc.
Wait a second. Where is his permanent invulnerability? I actually have to click to move around the map with this enchanter? Wtf rito
I already hate him
🔥
ya Milo support, lulu mid meta
Yo it's the campfire dude thingy feature from Fortnite
At last, a new champion without two passives
bro where is new champions like pyke ?
Wait is the 200 year team on vacation? That actually looks fun AND balanced!
This doesn't feel like it belongs in the league
Wow
does is w work on himself that would be awesome
Why even play something like Renata or Karma when Milio isn't banned? He's a jack of all trades enchanter but still does others' jobs better than they do
He is the only one champ with zilean who have only one damage spell
Nope absolutely fucking not, remove about 50% of the utility from his kit before he hits live or he's just gonna invalidate pretty much every other enchanter
I would love to play milio, I absolutely love his kit..❤️‍🔥
Permaban until the overloaded kit gets nerfed. The W in particular is going to have to be gutted.
Un peruano en lol
An ACTUAL enchanter! Not whatever the fuck Renata is. Love this!
Milio and Tristana or Kindred late game range 😮
Just a simple guy, ready for adventure.
SIMPLE and FUN just like the old days!
He reminds me of one of the Maya guys from the settler IV 😅
"Ultra Mega Fire Kick"... wow. What a dogshit name for an ability
did nobody notice his w healing rapidly? seems to have been left off the description
Riot we perhaps need more adc's and not another sup.
I love the league community is actually finally really happy with the new champion and also happy w the abilities
Finally a champion that does not have a whole essay to read to understand. Also there’s a lot of haters out there but I like Milio and his abilities. Happy to see it
Wow the ult looks like a piece of garbaggiolo
Gotta buy him first i dont really know how to play other 2022 champs
Rfc +Milio giga busted
As strange as it may sound, I love his e. Give a shield and ms. A nice 1 or 1.5 line description.  His cc feels a bit week compared to other supports, but I have to see that in game. Other than that just a lovable lil fella!
Cant wait to see the primary school dodgeball fights between him and my zoe
Where's my 300 years?
nice
So... What's the point of having a soraka now? Milio just seems like the perfect healer now. Team wide cleanse and heal, heal and AA range on W, shield and E and CC on his Q for peel. Without seeing him in action i can tell that he's going to be broken af. He just has EVERYTHING
❤
Might actually come back and play league for this champ. He seems really fun.
As a Nami main, this looks absolutely perfect to me. I also LOVE the character design. So happy and cozy and just... kill your enemies with love or something like that.
Love this champ 😂 Aii zed is gonna cry
great another hero that does the same thing as other heroes with attack range added to make him reel unique.
he looks like the kid from coco
WTF. 10-20%??? More range??? WTF its so broken.. and it's not even ult
should have made him invisible, untargetable and with a 100m dash
Stupid bronze monkeys dont understand that this champ will boost even more those “overloaded“ champions they keep crying about.
his e is lame
Looks like my new favorite support
Wow. Not a single dash in his kit! That's a first in a LONG TIME.
This is not gonna stop me from playing him Mid lane 🙃
Lux still solos
hes so op
Yeeeeey more movementspeeed wuhuuuuu
Wait he only have one paragraph per ability ! W riot
el emilio
The thing I don't like about W is that it has the potential to make him a "pro play only" champ. This is obviously just a first impression but the ability to give any champion extra range looks like the kind of thing that is going to be absolutely busted in a coordinated play where Milio's allies can actually take advantage of that but is going to be barely usefull in soloQ where your adc has a potato brain half the time. Not to mention the fact that his ult looks like a reactive ability that you are suppoused to use in a specific situation (especially due to the suppoused long CD) and most soloQ players, in my experience, like to be the play makers
Y’all ready for the Rapidfire Campfire meta??? :)
Hope they give Him a soccer themed skin because the Q Would make a good ball to kick
Is his release skin part of an already existing skinline or is it new?
Him and nunu would make great friends
Main Milio since 2009
so yasuo just became an OP adc. got it
Is this guy gonna be in wildrift?
porcentual attack range is too broken it should be flat
SP OP 😂
nice aladin
and this is a support. yeaaaa, i can see myself abusing enemies with him 😈😈
Aww cute little egg yolks
Release when?
does he has like 1 vfx?
As a player who loves to support, this champion gives me orgasm
Encanto vibes 💞
neymar
Gives Bard vibes, both in design and straight forward kit. Awesome!
MANEIRINHO O MILIOOOOOOO
2023 champions☠️☠️☠️☠️🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🧑🏿‍🦱👨🏿‍🦱🧑🏿‍🦱🤮🤮🤮
I love him already. Finally I can say: Good job Riot.
he bag too beeg for he goddam back
BANGER
his ult still can't counter a five man amumu but it's ok aslong as he isn't stunned also. E is basically ivern bur better for adc
bro he look like gaara on naruto
Wow, i'm on LoL now
NEW MAIN
Feels like what karma should have been on launch
E- shield and movement speed   How original 🙄
Finally no infinite dashes...music is soothing
I really like how unique and different his chracter and face is, rare W for Riot this year. But i aint still forgetting the 2023 cinematic incident
This will be good jungler
So basically.....  Q: a discount Zoe bubble with mini Leona ult  W: Juggernaut's (DOTA2 hero) healing ward ability   E: Karma Shield  R: Reverse Amumu Ult  edit: Can't wait to play as him. As an enchanter support player and a filthy Yuumi enjoyer this makes me happy
New Milio skin: Dora
Contrary to the usual, riot surprised us with a zero damage full support hero. Well, I think everyone should know their role.
Why does he look like dora the explorer, and why do the new champs always have to be cute or handsome instead of strong scary and intimidating. Ik its just the way league is evolving, but i kinda miss the old warcraft 3 vibes in the champdesign.
excuse me ? wtf ?
Skinspotlights doing an amazing job! GLHF!
Nami, Karma, and a bit of Janna..., still love him =)))
Trash smh
His ult is Like ganplank citrus for everyone
I like the Disney art work riot 😉
Wait, it's he?
boring
He is very cool !
Milio rushing Rylai to give an extra red buff to his adc while he use his W
Seems like a pretty boring kit
W seems so broken in laning phase with his passive on lane bullies.
He's gonna be so freaking good with zeri if u bring summon arie
whimsical shota, okay
Another Disney champ...
Yawppp
What? An easy to use and without a ton of text in abilities descriptions character? Riot are you ok? If someone is holding a gun to your head please wear a yellow shirt next developer video.
vayne adc returning? she'll become too fast and will have the same range as the other adcs
Honestly one of the better releases in a while, IMO.
His ulti is like diggie’s ulti from ml
My type of support champ 🤗❤️
Great champion easy, simple nice concept
My new main.
His ult will be a nightmare for us Seraphine mains 😭
Huh. Actually looks pretty fun.
will this thing be another broken piece of shit that breaks the game for 6 months like the 15 last champions ?
Imune + build tank + adc true damage =🔥
fucking brokn
I love everything about him except that increase in range. It feels like it promotes a range meta where you poke your enemy freely while he just gets to watch or gets punished if he tries to do any kind of counter-play. Otherwise he looks brilliant, no pun intended
DORA
PLEASE REWORK SONA
Boken da boken
milio es messi
Again black BloodTrail
10% to 20%??? Yep its going to lane with senna for sure. Save times to snipe jungler.
Parece o Mogli  kkkk Mogli o suporte lobo
as a support main, i love his kit!!!
Ready for 200 years
ridiculo
Need more good happy sweet vibes like this from league champs 😊!
Spam shields with added movement speed, attack range increase + Ardent censer = Yikes!  I want to try this with Zeri so bad!
A support that is actually a support??? Sweet!
Mobile Legends devs: this is ours now
He has a knock up, a slow, a damage buff to allies, a heal, a shield, a range increase, a movementspeed boost, an aoe cleanse.  Woo wee. Seems balance to me.
Can't wait from Riot to rework him before release and make his abilities 2000 words essay.
This is literally just Bruno
Yikes
Nsfw is waving
Is this Diggie?
Increases attack range.  Ooooooh boy I see this being slept on.
caanntt waiitttt<3
This IS a prrtty good designed champion that doesn't have the 200+ years stench like the newer champs/reworks
This is the first time I get good vibes on a champion after Zed.
like a lulu-janna thing with heal. Not bad, but not super original either
is he playing Sipa? ;v;
Passive round house kick kicking the flame ball to allies hahaha
the music gave me ori n the blind forest's vibe
WHY DO THEY CALL HIS Q ULTRA MEGA FIRE KICK💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
his ultimate is very Diggie ..
Finally, Some Good F*cking Sup
Straight out of a disney movie and i love it
Ankara Messi Ankara Messi. Messi Messi Messi Messi.
Milio look like 'Kena' :D
finally an uncomplicated champion 🥰🥹
Op  จัดๆ
...Ok...quiet meh imo, nothing special about him...
I PUKE FROM MY EYES!!!
HES ADORABLE I LOVE THIS CHAMP
welp, i was hoping that the small spirit would be a new character, but instead i get some kid who likes football... i mean gameplay wise he's fine but design wise they've missed the spot by a killometer.
Ultra useless champion tbh
Overall balanced kit. But his ult might gonna get gutted soon. I think either "self cleanse" or "suppression cleanse", one should be removed, too OP for the ult.
Amazing another champ which fundamentally breaks the game :) Riot if you want us to stop playing simply shut the servers down or hire people who would rather focus on balance than diddling employees.
Man. This honestly feels like a breath of fresh air. Simple, yet direct (and with that AoE...really powerful... No matter what the true numbers are). And feels like an actually dedicated support... that isn't Yuumi.
i love him uwu
Just saw the splashart - Annie rerelease?
sooo part of the kit is from Oriana, except for the ult
im a big fan of Dark and evil creature type of champs but Milio just warms my heart for a reason idkw
seraphine counter
I can tell he's from Brazil, if he really is, riot is really predictable
Sigh... another generic LGBTQ+UltraQuadHD champion powered  by DINSEY+ I hate Riot Games
Can’t wait to play as sett and rip him into two pieces with bare hands
Finally, an enchanter that does not rely on enemies except one spell. Seems great champion for newbies.
As a support main, those abilities look mighty delicious
MOOOOOOOOOONSTONE RENEWER
My boy seems chill af, love him
That cheeseball sooo cute!!!!!!!!!!!
Playing him full support in ARAM with Mikael’s Moonstone Redemption Ardent is gonna be soooooo good omg
what is the thing on his back?
Sorry I think I missed it, how much %max hp damage does he get on his 3rd auto?
good league needs this character
Everyone is being really positive about the champ in the comments but what’s the bet that Riot will somehow make him OP
Amumu will still crying if he see this champ
Is that a fae skin line?  0.0
Riot design team: "He's meant to be sort Mexican inspired. What do Mexicans like? Soccer? Sounds good, let's do that".
I'm all for simple, clean designs but... whats his niche, exactly?  Q is a varied take on something tons of champs have (skillshot stun nuke). W is interesting, but more of a gimmick than something you pick a champion for (depending on the numbers it could be used to make range-limited champions more viable in bully range lanes, but it's a bandaid at best). E is just EnchanterAbility.exe (literally Karma's E, as a matter of fact, but also pretty much Lulu, Annie and Janna E). And the ult is a localised but stronger version of Soraka. Why would I pick Milo over any other champion?
So Milio is to Morgana, what Taric is to Kayle. Got it.
Milio best counter to Ranata Mommy will be mad
Finally...a champ we can actually understand right off the bat...
Bit disappointed with the shield, very basic
oh man I really love the fact Riot gave us cc cleanse for teammates..No more ammu malphite chain cc combo :)
That's Ryouma Takebayashi
He is playing Soccer! If he has even one line interacting with Wukong (Goku) we may see the most Latin American hero to date.
Sona 3.0?
Wait can he auto his teammates?
Champ looks and abilities are lifeless.
Milio + Sivir new classic duo?
uhm the synergy between either him and lucien or senna is gonna bonkers
Bullshit champ
4 of 5 of his ability are for teammates, i now expect the video of someone make the pentakill with this champ
Bro is this male klee? 🗿
AOE cleanse... Every engage Sup is like: WTF MAN!!!
D I S N E Y
xeraca
Imagine Milio + Senna Bot 😂 the range must be absurd
Milio is the next Vex. By that I mean the text from all 4 Abilities + Passive, combined, has less text than Akshan's E.
riot finnaly made a fun cool creative champion
Is he gonna be a support?
were lacking the creativity in terms of the name of the skills.
soraka but on kokain :P
My only concern is, I want Zilean to have Prestige or Legendary Skin this year 2023
best champ ever fINALY  ok but now is time to change mid lane like 100% of it fk ori syndra lp azir do it
Finaly a champion adventure suport with redemmption + atack range + redemption anc cleans i love it tttt finaly like another way of enchanter
The sooner this guy drops the sooner we can get to the next new champ that actually matters from Noxis >:) come on milio! lol XD
Am i stupid or riot made a balanced character for the first time in years? I mean compared to the latest characters... its not op but interesting
This reminds me of how I used to feel about MapleStory, his kit, thematic, the music. Looking forward to this champion release.
Looks like a discount lulu tbh
sasabihin ng iba dyan "si riot kinopya ult ni diggie (mlbb) para kay milio". i mean whats the point of the madness, move on guys!, move on!! literal na pa-ulit ulit haysss.
Very old school champ I like it
Can’t wait to see a toxic Milio support main 😂
I will be pleased if chaugnar aov remake to look like this hero
This champ is going to be busted
Seems simple, too simple, something is wrong
hear me out
Football is our friend, but that’s not the reason to kick your friends like football…
Nice, a simple kit wit uniqueness to it
Nice and simple
What people dont realize is he is going to be the biggest lane bully you ever play against imagine playing kaisa into this plus a cait ur done no chance
Oh, I like it, that´s weird
He just like me fr
Leona mains are going to cry when someone picks milio
Malphite's counter
Why not self cleanse? Seems like an unnecessary weakness. Is it to force support players to use it for supporting?
Can already tell his vibes just from the kits and movements, 100% nunu will totally hang out with this guy
Um...  Cinderace?
Surely he won't be busted. Clueless.
kinda boring, no?
Only one (1) damaging ability! Can’t wait for someone in my game to still pick him mid and build full AP
*Milio from peru ☄️🔥🇵🇪*
I feel like giving unstoppable would be more useful than a cleanse although I guess it would depend on whether knock ups can be cleansed
Apsixssna
Ok Riot i'm coming back to your game.
wow simple champ i am proud :)
wow this kind of champion boy support is my dream specially the w skill where he can heal his ally I just want like this on mlbb but there's still nothing like that heal on mlbb hero sorry. Ow the ultimate of this champ. kinda similar to digie a mlbb hero 😭 i dont have pc and it's not yet release on wildrift. By the way amazing concept of champion!!
It's kind of giving Janna
fun champion i love it 🤩
He passive seems to be anti-tank
Lulu and Yumi are shaking 🤭
R skill looks like Zeri ult
He is literally an encanto character lol
WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN WHENS DARKEN
If I’m not first pick I’m banning this shit sounds so annoying in lane
"As a support main.." F y'all fr
his ult is lame in the graphics department, but is very very useful!
OMFG ITS ANTI AMUMU
finally a balance champ
we don't talk about milio no no no`
His ult looks like Zeri but supportive
Ôi trời ơi.Con này mà đi vs Nilad thì sao nhỉ😆😆😆.Chắc sẽ Hot Meta lắm đây🥰
Coco, Dora the explorer, and Bard inspired.
Why buy Radiant Virtue when you can have an ability that basically does it FOC
Riot needs to nerf senna before he drops or we all gonna be in a world of hurt
Love the design already. Especially the anti-cc and buffing-focus part
Yuumi 2.0
Is he ranged or melee? How much range does he have?
Is he coming to Wild Rift too?? That would be fun.
Ah shit here we go again
cute but how does he compete with meta support champions? XD
I see another AD mid lane champ
Poyopoyo fever
I know it won't be the case but I hope he has an ad scaling somewhere.
block cc for team. R olaf 2.0. ok 500 yeah champion  from riot
Imagine he buff a teemo main marksman
he's op (specially the cleanse ult)
I'm a former support main, who became a mid laner out of necessity... I'll make him work mid I swear!
can he cleanse enemy morde's ult for his ally?
As a support main, I love everything about Milio. BUT, the only problem is having both heal AND shield on a single kit. Milio feels like Yuumi
i can already foresee the R nerfs but other than that he is a fun and straightforward champion
He should be able to use his ult while cc'd, like gp
Really like this champ! Just a cute lil fella!
What's this? Riot's 200 collective years of experience managed to produce a character without a dash? And he looks fun and enjoyable to play to boot? That can't possibly be correct.
I think his ulti should be buff, if no cleanse, shielding teammates or stun@slow enemies
Can't wait to use him, we need more gentle souls in this game 🥺💛   also, I love the side notes
I would've liked to have seen this Champ come out with an Astronaut skin instead but this is cute
Campfire should be killable with 4-5 hits
finally a balanced champ, not too strong, not too weak, nice and simple kit
Cant wait for the insane bugs with his q and w
I feel like he’s not very flame like. I wish the effects were more fire based and not energy based. Otherwise just make him a healer and not call him a fire guy. You know?
he's gonna be an annoying support, but honestly, since we had some poke-y ass supports recently, this guy is a breathe of fresh air. more of this.
So if you use this ult right, can you stop a blitz/thresh hook before the pull does anything?
As a Jax main,
I want it so ultra bad. Is my kind of nature magic champs.
Can't remember the last time the League community had such a positive response towards a champion release. Maybe Jhin's but it was mainly due to all the hype and theatrics that Riot did for him
This...actually looks pretty healthy for the game, good job Riot.
I love support champions.
goodbye to chain cc supports
That W either gonna be reworked so damn hard or cause absolute fucking chaos
A balance kit.
Wow no dash, invisibility, 3 hit passive, stun, execute, or game altering mechanic?! Riot finally releasing a decent champion?!
HES SO CUTE
Jesus Christ i couldnt tell if its a boy or a girl, this game is certainly not goin in the right direction...
He ult is an excellent game changer. After the release of renata and seraphine, team wiping cc ults have been an increasingly big problem. He will be a good counter balance in this respect I think.
Where’s the dark in champ?
is he melee or ranged
So, his ult is like aoe Mikael rather than quick silver. Maybe it's fine.
Riot needs to do more of this.  No gamebreaking ults, no 300 page passives, no new HUD for the champion.  This reminds me of better times for the game and he fits in like he's always been there.
Taric ver 2 😂
He’s precious and i love him
can't wait to play this boy
I don't play the game but is this the first champ with cc cleanse?
Morgana but in reverse
What color is the sky ¡Ay, mi amor! ¡Ay, mi amor! You tell me that it's red ¡Ay, mi amor! ¡Ay, mi amor! Where should I put my shoes ¡Ay, mi amor! ¡Ay, mi amor! You say put them on your head ¡Ay, mi amor! ¡Ay, mi amor! You make me Un poco loco Un poquititito loco The way you keep me guessing I'm nodding and I'm yessing I'll count it as a blessing That I'm only Un poco loco The loco that you make me It is just un poco crazy The sense that you're not making The liberties you're taking Leaves my cabeza shaking You are just Un poco loco Un poquititi-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-ti-to loco!
Would have been cooler if he had fireflies instead of fire
R giải hết khống chế cho team thì bá đạo quá
What champ will be good for combo in both lane!??
skills match the character. periodt
my gearrtttttt i kpoooved herrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Need to adjust w and r
So his e is just karma e?
shit champion. dont care. just let this game die already.
Welcome to the league diggie haaha
New main incoming
Nobody : Leaked milio gameplay the other day Rito : Fine i'll do it myself
Ima do the pro gamer move and take him top lane. Q to push them back if they engage W for help last hiting, chasing, and extra kiting. E shield and speed up to get away. And a heal on the ult to make me that much harder to kill. Frick flash I’m taking barrier, cleanse. Runes will of course be phase rush, nimbus cloak, focous, scorch. Presence, and alacrity  Time to make they’re lives hell.
Sounds broken af
Milio will be the only reason why league is playable
super basic champ, no skill shoot gg riot
wow 😯
Love you already Milo!
eeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Wait. The BGM feels like I'm in some RPG's main village lol
Riot rules: the cuter a champion looks, the more broken they are
I’m cautiously optimistic about this one. The abilities seem tame compared to what we’ve been getting and the animations are lively and enjoyable. Just pleeeeeease riot don’t make another Zoe/yuumi where the voice lines are unbearable trying to be “cute”
I expected a champion that can give counterplay for dashing, resetable, untargetable, invulnerable abilities (which are too much in the game). But i'll take ten of Milio anyday, thank you Riot, you did the right thing
WAIT.. SIMPLE KIT??.. WACKY FUN SP SPELL??? .. AM I WATCHING THE WRONG GAME???
Yay, one more disney character..
i think we needed a champ like since quite a time already! love that feels like older champs!
As support main i can say: this champ is boring as fuck man. Even Lulu making more adrenaline to play.
"No dashes? "  * insert Megamind meme here
I love him, the skin looks to be maybe Elderwood?
THEY MADE A SIMPLE CHARACTER YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOE I like him tho, even if I'm more on tank supps.
If Milio dies, then you, the player, have failed to protect him. And woe be to those who kill Milio
El duende del diablo 3 v:
Aight, I'm gonna play him as a jungler.
Lol They Brought Messi to the Rift
Mean while Amumu crying in the background.....
Riot never fails to release an unbalanced champion ever.
At last, a new champion that has a skill that only has one paragraph on it.
Cant wait for R34 to absolutely ruin him XD
ultimate amumu is very useless against it 😀
Definitely not karma E there
Okay basically Q: Mundo W: Rakan E: karma R: Soraka + anti Amumu
I really like his kit. I'm a little disappointed in his character and design though. Maybe it's just a personal thing, but in a game where the characters aim to kill each other (even though they get revived), I just don't want to play as children.
One thing for sure, Milio would be the greatest pick and ban in Professional Scene.
the ultimate is what WE NEED IN THE GAME, soo much cc
He's cute. And he doesn't seem that much of a 200 years champion right off the bat, so I'm down for this, even though I don't play support. He sounds fun and interesting as a character. Well done Rito.
Release this too in Wildrift as soon as possible i dont have pc 😢
The counterplay is to CC him and 100 to zero as quickly as possible before teamfight. Highest priority on clashes
Parece panchito, No lo maineare
change the ult 🥺 can self cleanse
So you mean the W gives ally passive constantly? does that mean brand's burns x2 now?
This champion looks really fun and cool! Although I think it might be cooler if his ulti not only cleansed, but also let him go "all out" and knocked an enemy through the wall and gave him extra dashes, no mana costs, more damage, and omnivamp
As soraka main, im jealous, lol
This is joke
As a twisted fate main I believe this might be a bit of a porblem and a good thing to have
where is my darking champ ?
I love him
io... am............. so.............. excited.............................................oidfhiaojhdfiouadhfpaioudsfpoauhdsfiopuahdsfopuiahdsfouahdofiuadf
Baianinho das casas bahia versão disney
??????????????????????????????????
Riot making a simple, decent champion: The community: This mf is so broken Riot making a useless shitty champion: This me doesn't deserve to be in league  Lol at this point, league community is just a crybaby
I'm just a bit disappointed it is another cutsey character. I could honestly have seen this as a chance for a cool beast kind of character that subverts being a monster. But, still looks like a coll concept for supports.
I just know that Milio will have a soccer cup skin
Refreshingly simple champion.
seems fair, finally riot released a fair champ at the first release
this champ will be perma banned in ranked . maybe not low elo but def high :D
ORI Vibes
Ankata millio
Lame. We need more aggressive high damage supports, not this heal and shield garbage.
Brother looks like that guy from Coco. Was it Miguel or something
So basically a better Lulu?
op bed njir heal, remove buff, naikin range, knock back musuh
In before we get Milio/Senna lanes with Senna AAing you from a screen away come end game
Champs with burn dmg : exist  Player : Liandry's
As an enchanter he has everything. Double heal, damage amp and range, the only non-item cleanse in the game, great peel with the knockback and on demand shield/speed boost. OP if you ask me, hes like Nami+Lulu on steroids.
increases attack range with a caitlyn? gg lads
Nice, simple and not broken. Ty
I cant wait to get 10% range as Jhin on my 4th shot
This support is actually super cool. Nothing seems overly out of place or broken, and that Q and ultimate are both quite interesting.
today I leave this message here as proof of my new journey, to become a Main Milio and reach Mastery Million! I'll be back when it's done!  I start my Journey the day 6 / 03 / 2023. Wish me luck!
Диги из моблы
Make it to wildrift pls!
Ahaha aoe cleanse cus why nor
Idk as long as riot doesn't make a sup that gives lp my teammates will still flaming me
MI PEQUEÑO MIAU MIAU. Insta buy.
I like the look of this champ. Looks really good against melee supports- Q and E can be used to create space, R to nullify CC, and W to get range advantage. Feels like you can do some cool playmaking and amp your ADC’s damage.   Also - if you’re ADC and you have a Milio support, why would you ever run cleanse?
Good job riot you created a champion with simple and good ultimate. Rest of the new champions have description of R longer than all nasus skills.
finally a anti group cc
They dont even try now with the abilities anymore, it is poorly design although the concept of the champ is amazing
the dora the explorer male version
Tôi thích vị tướng này
Ok, im gonna main you kid, you gimme the same sensation i felt with Rakan ♡
Not a fan of it
SP very good ! wwowowo!!
I can already tell... His W is gonna be a problem... Range advantages exist in the bot lane this can negate or amplify that... As long as its not RFC levels of range increase then it should be good, but this is rito we are talking about... Hes for sure gonna get a hotpatch
so broken you dont need R
Looks boring as shit, glad I’m not a support main
lmfao that ult is a diggie ult
Finally a champ that has basic abilities,no hard mechanics and most importantly no dashes...Leagues heroes nowadays has full of dashes that flash has almost no use to them,atleast we have a cute guy that boosts his team no other hocus pocus bullsh*t
I hope riot doesn't get a lawsuit from MLBB since milio's ult is pretty much the same as diggie but weaker. diggie can use his ult to self cleanse but milio can't
Amumu huhu
I'm just thrilled that he's so simple that if someone clueless gets stuck playing support that they'll be able to excel on him even if they've never played him before.  This is year 1 League design, and it's refreshing.
Holy shit, reverse Amumu! Have friends and have an Aoe ult that Cleanses allies!
Pb 5.0 cua sona
You make me un poco loco Un putititito loco
He seems so fun.
Just me or this could have been leonas re-work?
So where dashes and true damage?
lulu 2.0
Wtf is that skin man
Youtubers be like:  THIS CHAMP IS SO BROKEN
What is the different between his E and Karma's E?
i want  a messi skin now !!!!
Wait  before saying it's finaly a good design champ until the champ becomes meta and a nigtmare to balance.
I'm glad they are bringing more simplistic champs back!
I think she is more supporty Oriana. Her cit is not unique.
I'm waiting for his first game play, I'm sure he will have the same changes as Yummi
This will be broken beyond belief in professional play
Lulu but with heals
*2 hour late game Senna near the millio's campfire sniping everyone from her base*
Amumu and Maokai mains are shaking.
sometimes simple is best <3
Meh, another enchanter, not very original it seems. Only the Q and the Z are somewhat new takes of an already existing concept.  Sad, we need so much new supports, all the good ones playmaker ones are from the firsts seasons, nowadays, we only get enchanters. All the attention is an ADC and meanwhile it is Nautilus/Leona/Blitzcrank/Alistar/Rakan/Thresh. The only somewhat recent one was Pyke from 4-5 years ago. Pretty sad honestly.
As a janna main this is will transfer well
better janna
I wanna use him for Support :D
Lucian can actually be a marksman now
Millio + Ashe in lane is gonna be a total fucking nightmare
Amumu left the Chat.
Damn
He just counters seraphine entire ult with his own ult
patetic
I am liking this champ alot, he feels like old classic champion design now with a well balanced not too overloaded kit We could always use more healers in this stupid game where the general idea of sustain is fucking lifesteal and broken items Also finally a champ with innate cleanse for teammates, pair this up with mikael and your adc is never gettin caught again
The E is so boring.
What cringelords are in charge of naming abilities at Riot anyway? The casters must feel like absolute degenerates having to say that nonsense. Probably the reason the entire community started to refer to abilities simply as Q, W, E, and R/Ult because memorizing, much less actually saying the stupid, real names would add too much to the shame that is playing league already.
Now pair him with Lucian
imagine you can't add word Fire on his ult because it will infringing game with same name
Seem like a basic support with simple kit not bad.
Aoe mikael is... Lol btw the "football" part is meh.
max w rush censer
seems pretty underwhelming for a new champ
SUPA KICKA
E - mirror force btw
A third blitzkrank ult....
Not a single dash, are u ok rito?  Oh that's right, it's support, so they appointed some interns to design it. Boring design, but first in a while(since 2020) that isn't broken.
Idk I just hope his ult isnt busted thats my only issue with this champ.
I think it's time to nerf liandry's and demonic no?
Looks fun! But low damage
Honestly, his W is the coolest ability and has so much potential, especially because you can manually move it. It's like a Viktor ult, but for allies
Damn, so much for the 'non-human champion' this year.
Ahh an exciting new face to see in the banned champion list XD
Another disney style champ... This shit is getting old.
they turned Dark Souls campfiresi nto a champion
Wait I thought the next champion was going to be the new Darkin??????
ult is a overpowered quicksilver.
do u guys noticed that alot of league champs are valorant agents ? examples : Zeri        - neon Akchan - harber jhin        - chamber akali       - jett sage       - (Karma , soraka and zilen) and the new champion and agent are identical, they are the same ""there is more than looks like femiluar too"" . there is from overwatch aswell like omen -repear ...etc but ya
Full support? Looks like someone is gonna be forgotten really quick.
I see big meeps 🧐
My man feels original, gives bardo meeps vibes and has simple abilities. I love him
Looks creative, well done Riot
Milo mid + any carry JG sounds fun.
1-3 Marci in disguise 4 Diggie from ML?!
this will be gonna pick worlds counter  champion to yuumi and renata
Whatever is the opposite of a furry made this in response to Cinderace as a human. Sick freak.
A support that isn’t waifu bait, with balanced and simple abilities that are both easy to understand and aren’t overloaded with mechanics?  I never thought I’d see the day..
millo = pokemon unite cinderace
The guys he spawns remind me of the slimes from slime rancher :D
The big chubby spirit in the lower part in the back  is too cute he just chilling 😂
О у него ульта как у Дигги из млбб
Cinderace 🐰
i like the kit and all. i hope he isnt too overpowered though in the first days because i want to play and not perma ban
well shit, time to download league again
O BAIANINHO AINDA JOGA BOLA, MONSTRO
My 1st order of business is going Tank Milio
Shota bussy
E feels like Yuumi ngl. Imma play Master Yi adc with Milio supp
everyone gonna hate him.
MANS A SUPPORT CHIMPION
Super simple, yet somehow extremely unique? The increased range doesn't even seem that toxic since it forces them to stay in a certain area! Only problem I can see that he offers little to no benefit to casters.
As a Nunu enjoyer, I'm glad to be seeing all the information displayed here.
Yes. More of this.
Seems a bit cancerous.
Ahhh yes finally a champion without dash
Idk, doesn't seem especially overloaded to me.
He'd be nuts with zeri
i whant to play with the blobs the litle blobys
ori + brand
Why's There No More Champion Like Jhin?
Cant wait to permaban him until they nerf it to the ground.
As a support main/user, I will definitely purchase Milio. I love his kit.
return of ugly lolipoppy
I love his design but where is the fire ?
rito actually did a sollid job on this champ.
Why he so big
"long" cooldown according to riot is 45sec
Amazing support skillset not sure its fit to current meta
We have shotas in league now?
Extra damage boost / Knock back / Heal / Shield / Slow / Stun / Burn / Range / Clease /  First of all they inspire themselves way too much from encanto, and now most of all they make him completly cheated?! What the fuck is wrong at riot, a champion is supposed to be good in one particular domain, not being able to do every fucking thing.  Riot seriously? Isn't that a little too much for only one fucking champ???
I already love him! He really sounds and looks fun, and I'm particularly curious on his Voice, Personality and interactions, he seems soo.. Smol and Hapy.
I've never seen such a wholesome champ so cute
He is fukin broken af Imagine ur Lissandra not a fking usage against this boy
Seems like riot wants to release a Messi skin :v
He look like a Encanto character, LOVE him
As a bard main i only like he has like meeps looking things too XD
this is pure canser. Again.
MiDio
I am fine with the auto range increase, but the fact that it moves around with the player is a gonna be so broken.
im super hyped to play jinx with fully stacked lethal tempo, rocket launcher, rapidfire cannon and this weird thing on my side. especially cause i dont have to buy qss aswell.
Finally a Peruvian champion
That attack range would be problematic...
I wish he was closer to Soraka so we can have more true healers. I get they wanna add utility but ... meh
Damn a kit that doesn't require a PhD in astrophysics to play and isn't as long as a research report? Is riot finally sober?   This kit is amazing!
Nice, now add him to wild rift
Imma main this lil guy as soon as he came out. Very easy to understand, simple yet great play making potential from his kit. The bonus attack range might be troublesome but we'll see how that work out.
His Ult might be broken in pro play tho
his in game model makes him look way older than his splash art
Heal & attack range , draven smile
Finally an enchanter that can cleanse and aoe healing w/ tics
What a cute champion! And what a neat little kit. Very pleased with this one.
Looks very weak jeez
Actually well designed and innovative! Simple, fun, not overpowered. It’s a yes!
To me the kit seems balanced and not really overloaded how some people are saying. Like W only grants attack range and healing when people were thinking it also gave attack speed and move speed.
Look like Garaha ❤
so it wont be able to change forms as leaked?
Imagine Kayle lvl 16 with lethal tempo and milio range buff :D
A kid champion, how exciting. Just give me any ad monster jungler already, Im perma fucking stuck with khazix for so so long now! (OK there was Belveth, but she has something off compared to like proper monster champs, idk why)
Him and Senna together will be a nightmare and I’m all for it
20% wr when he releases. People can't read and they will ask why he can't do s*it by himself.  On the other side, this is a great support and I would even go to say midlaner in the shades of Karma. I would maybe say Jungle because Passive, W and E look great to influence a lane but having no CC except on Q is lackluster to his ganking potential.
cuteee
This is such a rpg move for riot I love it
Fun fact: The designers at riot received inspiration for Milio from the Disney Movie Encanto, a story based on Colombian Culture. As a Colombian born in Canada, this is so awesome! so excited to play him in the Botlane!
Really simple, but the ult needs a shorter duration so is more relevant
So a better karma….
Still think he's a little bit op and his e remember me to Karma but i like him so much
When is it coming out ???
Tristana passive + Milio W  !!!
He's gonna be a Challenger meta 100%, making the kiting power of champs like Cait, Senna, and Tristana, completely fucked.
Finally a champion that is balanced on release
Congratulations Riot, you just made every other support irrelevant for the 5 patches after this goofballs release. He has everything except a stun, but he has a displacement
The only thing I hate about this, is that I can't make him a dps cuz 3 of his kits are all supporting
i read milo at first 🗿
Yeah yeah, the ultimate has long cooldown then nobody plays it and then Rito will just reduce its cooldown to a ridiculous enough threshold that makes it another shit champ and they will leave it there, create another shit champ. So on and so on
SIUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
The increased attack range is insane and they buffed it?
Very cute, and the song nailed it
That cleanse are op.
No one: Youtubers after his release in PBE: **shocked face** New champion Millio 500 AP One shot nuclear build *INSANE*
looks so fun!
come to wildrift millio.the gameplay and skills are suit to wildrift like riot did to akshan before.
TL;DR, champ looks great so stop crying lol  I swear nowadays people call literally anything Riot releases broken or overloaded lmfao The champ looks simple, somewhat unique and fun. Practically a pure support champ. If current Shen came out today people would call him busted because my theory is the league community (least some of them) have "overloaded" and "Riot bad" ingrained in their skull. Shen has constant shields when using abilities, empowered auto's + that shield, a slow, a dash, a taunt and a built in TP that also shields him. But people don't complain about the likes of Shen. It's a release date diff.
simple like it
Viable mid lane?
so the champ has heal, empowered autos', increase auto range for 5, knockback, slow, stun, 5man cleanse, sheild and speedup? wtf is this shit 🤣
Looks fun to play, might return to support role after playing lots of top lane recently just to try him out!
Now we need him to start throwing poros around and we are set.
Yes I see nothing bad with is kit...
I have a feeling that this is going to be a strong pro pick, and get nerfed to hell and probably reworked within a year. That aoe cleanse is perfect for coordinated teams and could be a hard counter to Amumu, Sejuani, Maokai etc.
This is my dream support im hyped out for this
Nice champ😎
💤💤💤😴
Kid’s doing keepy ups with the fire sprite 😂
Hopefully this enchanter won’t double as a poke mage in solo lanes
*an aura of dissapointment*  Ergh I thought It would be a little slime But the champion is cool
Been looking for an enchanter to pick up. Think I found him!
Omg…he’s so cute! 😩
Finally a champ, Who doesn't have an essay worth of ability description
he looks fun
Finally a real support new champ
I'm glad the ult isnt also a self cleanse or it would be insanely op.
Can't wait to see his **faint** animation
it s giving me genshin inpact vibes
W healing seemed solid but the range increase on champs like Caitlyn or Senna could be insane.
i love peruvian champion
I'm glad his ult isn't a big rectangle of CC like a lot of the enchanters that came before him (Renata, Seraphine, Yuumi, Nami, Sona). It's too bad he can't use it while he's CC'd, then it would be a great counter to said ults. As is, it seems pretty good for when one ally is CC'd like by Ashe arrow or Varus R. I wonder if it works on suppresses like Malz, WW, and Sett ult.
new main FINALLY A TRADITIONAL SUPPORT FUCK ME
Well, I guess now we know where Ardent Censer comes from
Just one damaging ability and just one crowd control ability tied to the same button with short range auto-attacks. He'll be heavily dependent on his ADC and allies to do the heavy lifting as he looks more like he's about disengage and kiting, the numbers on him have to be right otherwise it may feel like an awful early laning phase where you're just trying to shield/heal where you can. The Gentle Flame indeed.
Painfully uninteresting
Riot is getting better at this! Kit isn't overcomplicated, and other than increase in attack range (which might be ok depending on cooldown) I see nothing that could be overly broken or too weak
Better Janna
Hey, at least he's simple compared to the craziness of Yuumi.
Nice we’re finally back to good champion design. Hopefully no more thirst traps, no more Waifus, No more yasuo clones and best of all no more cats .
jungle boy homo sexual version
Nice we’re finally back to good champion design. Hopefully no more thirst traps, no more Waifus, No more yasuo clones and best of all no more cats .
I shouldn't but I'm happy that this supp doesn't have neither dashes, neither revives or any usual 200 years kit
Need to test if his ult can cleanse knockups/suppressions
Meu novo main... Lança logo que eu quero rushar maestria 7 nele
I think this is the most creative and not 200 years champion that riot has made in years. Everything in him seems new (a part from e, but hey, a shield  is a shield). This champ proves that riot can STILL come up with new ideas instead of just copy paste abilities from other champios kits. I really hope this is the direction riots design philosophy will go from now on and not just a one time thing.
W amazing
wait... the increased attack range on senna with hella stacks WITH RFC will outrange a tower...
finally a champ with straght foward abilities that dont have 200 other passives to them xd
Petition to get Noxus Kled and Skaarl into Arcane
getting nunu vibes from this champ tbh
Milio further reinforces my head anon that champions name their abilities. Because the kids (except for Annie) always have silly ability names.
is he already on the pbe? that's pretty cool, so that means he should arrive around next week right?
Holy shit no invis, no mobility, no true dmg, no %hp dmg, what happened :0
This guy is gonna go crazy with jhin and will be a solid counter to Caitlyn poke.
finally a more simple champion that doesnt have abilitie texts longer than annies abilite texts combined.
kinda looks like an Encanto character
new yuumi new unbalanced shit meta is coming  :I
i thought millio for kled for a second. their color scheme is very similar
Something tells me that Milio will be broken with Nilah
Honestly seems like a pretty simple but balanced kit I love him 💖
As enchantre main, im glad and devenietly main him
Jungler Milio when?
Seems to be very defensive focused, almost everything is disengage / counter attack style. Some stuff has engage but he seems focused on out sustaining. Also for big team fights, he is a great counter to game changing ults like fiddle, hec, gnar, neeko, asol, and more. Doesn't seem too powerful which maybe is a good thing.
Bout to do a dmg build with him
OMG A NEW FAV SUPPORT COMING UP ❤️❤️❤️
He looks wholesome, hope his voicelines aren't salty asf
nice making more kid champ to go in war
Cait ultimate + Milio passive 💀
soy
I'm so happy he can't cast it like gangplank oranges
Twitch gonna love him
Another sleeper champ
Finally, a very cute male boy. ^ _ ^ #34
BRAND adc  LIKE DIS SHIT
yippie, another fucking human
I love his kit, but don't like his design. I'm sick of cutesy enchanters. There is literally 1 enchanter that isn't cute or a woman, and he's still more of an engage/almost tank (Rakan, arguably Taric). How long has it been since his release? 5 years??  Give me a backline enchanter like Sona or Soraka that has a cool, masculine vibe.
Looks like one of the few supports I'd like playing! I'm super stoked to try him out :D
no anger, no edginess, no bubblegum cutesiness, no dashes, no aggression, just a happy kid that brings good vibes.
1 DMG ability Another Bardo
I love the concept. The only thing i would change is the name on his w, i dont want a shitty fortnite reference plaguing league
Powerful enchanter with carries
:)
So refreshing to have a new champ that doesn't have a passive on every ability or 4 different dashes
Simple champ with one specific ability that pushes the boundaries, very cool.
OH PLEASE LET THAT PASSIVE SCALE WITH YOUR AP! cooming from the idea of playing with teemo, both scorch with the liandrys and demonic... AAAAAH
His abilities corresponding with Caitlyn in the video makes it clear that he may just be a rival for Morgana. Also, is there anything else with his E? It kind of imitates a Karma E if there is nothing else.
Amumu: uses ult Milio: walks up and uses ult Amumu: Ayo wtf?
YÆ
I think the only thing I think is not great is that his abilities don't look like fire at all. You could say it's light magic or some other type and I wouldn't be able to tell the difference.
Its good that he can't cast his ult when HE is cced, so the best way to counter his ult is to kill him first
R is actually needed with all the cc in the game, but the attack range buff is totally unnecessary
A Riot Champ without more text than the Bible???
Why is the E literally Ivern E but with like nothing else 😂 so bad, maybe I should jus uninstall
e: give shield + ms.  i dont think ive read a skill description in LoL this short in the past 4 years
Looks boring af. This is the genius at work at riot games. With the millions they make, this is the recycled trash they can come up with.
maybe finally i can reach 1000 range senna (without rapidfire bonus)
Finally, a character with 0 dashes.
Ronaldinho
His e is just a shield? Just a shield??? I never thought I’d see the day when we get simple abilities again
How would cleanse work w/ morde ult?
This champion born to destroy wombo combo :D
No way, they actually made a champ with a kit that doesn't take a short novel to describe.
will never get a bad ass looking support just children kinda sus riot
So now Karma is a joke. This guy has the same Karma's shield but with better abilities. And they still nerfing Karma...wtf
Where's the 50 passives
Sure is Disney up in here
100% Will be nerfed to the ground because challengers and pro players will abuse the range increase and ally cleanse. 10% increase in range for an adc means it is at least 50 range which is enough to negate the weakness of shorter range adcs and bring cait and jinx to artillery mage territory (keeping in mind adcs already have RFC and lethal tempo to increase range)
Senna and him is going to be fun.
1 sentence ability descriptions are great
I like it a lot this kit, simple and strong, everything a sup need to play a safe lane e go to mid/late game to be useful.
fun looking champs like these make me want to come back to league 🙂
As a support main, I cannot wait to play him.   I love the simplicity of the kit and how thematically consistent it is - fire as something comforting and protective!   Anti-cc and empowerment is exactly what I enjoy as a support, too. God, we need more cleanses in the game. Or just counterplay to CC in general.    The kickball ability especially looks intuitive and fun, which is definitely a breath of fresh air for many champ abilities imo.   His design reminds me of the Jak and Daxter universe and that era of gaming for some reason, very nostalgic and distinct.
He looks like the kid from encanto lol
Zeri lulu milo yuumi lucian nami
Wow a kogmaw buff
Attack range could end up looking pretty funny in combination with senna
i've only had Milio for like a day, but if anything were to happen to him i would kill everyone in this world and then myself
finally good champion design
wow, the ability descriptions arent a whole novel long
E a bit underwhelming its literally annie's E and R not being a self cast is weird too ... pretty underwhelming as well. just play nami get crucible to cleanse the cc its the same shit
ok another 200 year champion RIOT !!!!
For the moment, he seems to be fair/weak. The issue will be his capacity to get close to his ally to R without speed buff or dash (the shield will be used for the allies)
all i see is a new top champ
Ah yes the Janna femboy rework
Seems boring to play for me
Nice kit, lame champ. Same as with Seraphine.  I don't like the excess of human characters we are having lately. It feels dull, and makes the game look more generic and less original.
Love everything but why did they make his skin like that is he related to Taric or something LOL?
I feels like the opposite of renata's kit
TLDW Passive - Abilities Buff Allies Attacks Q - Lillia E with a bounce and larger AoE W - Healing ward from Dota2 Juggernaut E - Point n Click Shield R - Large Redemption and Mikhail
Looks good, simple yet satisfying to play.
thank you Riot very lame! Now where's that darkin dagger champion? ? ?
so in the case that his ult doesn’t work on himself like if you get hit with a team mumu ult are you just screwed?
That W looks really annoying
Ay Y would you need this? Adc still sucks - OS ed for years, Games over when able to play
Milio con una fogata en la mochila:
Okay, adios ulti de Leona <3
Wow. A good human design. Good unique abilities, a great ultimate with an actual cooldown.   Alright riot. There we go. This is what I'm talkin about. Keep it up and I might actually go back too your game.
It looks... Balanced? Dafk?
Don't get me wrong I love this little guy but this shit is going to be op as fuck lmfao
A nice simple kit   Q some poke  W a support ability to help adc’s kite  E a simple shield  R a cleanse for your allies.  Finally something that isn’t 2 morbillion years
Oh this is gonna be a shurelya's battlesong character for sure
I like his kit, and he's also cute. Thank you Riot.
Soraka Annie 2.0😂. And I can also see ziggs
Riot finally doing some good works
Cringe
Basically, his E is annie's shield
It could have been worst.
Riot really likes their shields huh🛡️
a love u a love uuuuuu omaigofoidididiaiqaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
As an enchanter support main, I’m excited. Very straightforward kit, love that.
People: Come for abilities Me: The skin!
I think his ult should work on him as well when hes cc’d just maybe not when hes silenced
Seems broken for a support.
Another new overskilled champion, the oldest champions will turning unusable with time.
I hope he has cute lines with nunu, I just want a wholesome friendship on the rift ;-;
i mean i have nothing against his kit, but i feel like his E and ultimate could've been more than just a shield with movement speed and a burst heal and cleanse, just my opinion idk
already hating him
Im scared  He almost seems good
soo an amumu, seraphine, and basically every aoe engage cc counter then  i LOVE IT LOL ngl
Q buff dmg, W buff range, E shield+move spd, R cleanse??? 100% ban 😂😂😂
The Anti Amumu
Counter all support cc
Kog'maw and Cait have just found their new best friend
MILIO LOOKS SO AWESOMEEEE IM SO EXCITED
Wow a simple straightforward champion
Where's his 84 dashes?
I found my new main...
YAAAAS I LOVE IT
This is great design. His W might be the only problematic ability but seems fine honestly. It's a lot less degenerate than Yuumi lol.
bruh riot needs to start making more monster and sigma champions what is this
milio > messi, ronaldo and neymar
Looks like another perfectly good support people will ignore to spam Brand and Swain because "They do more damage".
sounds like it will have a good skill ceiling. Cool, even tho it's a "disney champion"
children on the battlefield, jeez
ok but when are we getting a goblin champ
He seems great!
ban 90%...dat ulti is unfair for the CC team tumbs down
quando esce?
+8😅
You W note has no space between on and ability. so I'm gonna need you to consider the rope please and thank you. Unwatchable video <3
Another child for Kayn to enter.
so one more must ban champ, gg Riot
release date to public ?
league champions looking less and less coherent
It looks amazing and it doesn't feel overtuned unliked newer champs/reworks.  The only thing I dislike is his passive because it reminds me of Brand and the idea of having a champ equiped with low CD ignite pisses me off.  Hopefully the attack range buff also has a long CD or it'd be hella broken on long range champs.
Hmmm. Actually sort of unique champ this time. Attack range increase sounds scary, mostly and solely on caitlyn though. And it seems to be about 5 seconds and does not have increased duration.  I am worried about the ultimate though. It seems very underwhelming and lackluster... Unless the heal is actually huge but even then it is a very very very very very boring ultimate....   What I am excited about is building Liandrys and Demonic on him... hehe
very cool I'm sure we won't have another situation where he's perma picked in pro like a certain magical cat... clueless
Out of all the champions, they have similar abilities, but this one seems outside the box and I like it. Good job for Riot.
Реворк Синджеда выглядит очень хорошо, или это Райз?
Oh my god. this champ dont have dash. first time since 2012.
u guys remember the time when new champswere actually exciting and not just some weird "cute" and bs animestuff? that were gud times
Can't wait for him to build Mikael's to cleanse himself, then ult to cleanse everyone else from like an Amumu ult
She looks a cute little support that girls would play.
Finaly new support champ...
I reckon his ult shouldn’t heal an aoe cleanse is already broken enough and would change the outcome of a fight
His ult is an amumu's ult counter lol
IMPORTANT INFORMATION NOT STATED BUT SHOWED IS THAT E HAS 2 CHARGES. YOU CAN USE BOTH SHIELDS ON SAME ALLY (EVEN YOURSELF) OR 1 DIFFERENT CHAMPS. ALSO W APPLY W MULTIPLE TIMES.
W is kinda op.. i could see it getting nerf… an aoe heal with aoe attack range boost
They kinda made him sound more flexible than he is, his only damaging ability is his q?
Yurnero
I need to play this colombian looking-ass kid asap
Soraka rework à
For every 200 years champion we get, somehow the support is (More often than not. Looking at you Ms.Glasc) almost always a pretty reasonable and fair design, with only a little bit of that "DO something no other champion can do" sauce
Love this  I'm suprissed we have made it this far with out a cc cleansing enchanter
His w seems mega broken on paper. Depends how long it lasts
Oh God, him with Caitlin is gonna be torcher he looks broken to
He's adorable. I can't wait to play him.
Permaban
Eh, not into femboys so I def wont be playing. And I think the champ rooster is too big as I wish I had 3 bans. Hate to be the hater in the comments, but would've preferred literally anything else.
its a counter  and amumu,jarvan,galio :v
rylai wil be op with this passive as well as demons embrace and liandrys if someone will go ultra ap
Easy nami counter with that ult
Finally some actual supports with proper utility, this is something I'd expect in like DotA or HoTS. Proper champion for a support role.
this is cool but that R is literally anti aurelion sol, amumu, galio, diana, kennen, quianan, etc. Like you just insta lock Milio against those guys for his R alone.
Can he cleanse knockups?
Finally easy to play champion
On the one hand I love having new champs to play with but now it’s next to impossible to balance. Bans are useless at this point.
imagine this champ due with twitch
Aoe Cleanse
His kit could've been easily a Bard rework
That AOE cleanse is just wow
Looks fun
Oh a support, boring
Malzahar : Am i joking to u?????
Damn. Since kaisa(including her) all new champions look like shit
cant wait to break this champ with prowlers claw - Koreans
I love that shit
Finally a good champ, the increased attack range might be a tad too much but this still feels like the most balanced thing theyve released in a very long time, not an overloaded dashing shielding high damage abomination
kog maw + 20% range? hmm sounds bad riot
nice now u can't even lane against caitlyn, thank you riot!
Finally a cc debuff!
Shit bye Karma, I guess I get to play better Karma now.
reverse amumu ult
Why does the ultnhave a long cooldown. The effect doesn't even linger
Senna is gonna love him when she can go passive adc navori and crit.  Hes like support Bruno(mlbb adc mm) with some nice interruptions and abilities that help suport
Super strong R.
Umm...is he non-gender representation? Cuz it gives me those vibes on his skin (not mad or anything, just curious).
Ohh new support, i love that cuteee
Is he dancing to Maradona's Life is life?
Oh his w is adorable. The fuemigo following you around like a lil puppy is so cute
I need him in wild rift pls and thank you. He is amazing
Is it just me or does his kit suits a possible kindred adc perfectly?   You get a bit of setup for kindred E burst with your Q and enhance Kindreds Burst with E  You give her extra attack range, which also follows her Q movement.  Both of you have aoe utility ultimates that make you undivable and unkillable in a straight 2v2.   This looks hype to me
soraka 2.0
Cleanse as a ult, simple yet powerful, basically AoE Mikael's Blessing
Dora😂😂😂
Disney is everywhere...
The range increase sounds busted potentially. Paired with the right champ that's hitting turrets out of turret range.
Its Baianinho, from Casas Bahia, from Brazil!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Im like 99% certain this is a kit that has existed since the start of League of Legends but never released lol. Extremely basic concepts like attack range increase and cleanse that were probably seen as too OP for the time
TWICH ..... BURN .... RANGE AUTOS ??? HEHEEHHEEHHHE MOUSE TIME
kog maw mains will be happy. increse attack speed, removing cc .
that attack range buff might make kog maw be a ranged warlord
Why kicking around these cure little fire balls? :( report rito baby fire ball cruelty
Man... supports have the best champions (Yes, I am ignoring seraphine and yuumi). Last year was Renata, a dark enchanter with girlboss vibes, now a male enchanter that is cute and also pretty helpful.
Ziggs if he was support with an updated kit
why does he reminds me of genshin impact ?
Why cant Riot make champions for the other lanes like this. Just normal abilities and nothing too broken.
i'm worried about the increased range, but the rest seems kinda fun  he's ult is ... just an item effect iguess, not that exciting but sounds strong
Love him hate the bag
His splash art and theme music kind of give me Chrono Cross vibes
Hmm... His things are too calming to my liking. One might say it's quite a Gentle Sus?~
Its like every time Riot releases a new enchanter they find a way to reference Karma's kit but make it better but they refuse to rework her
Even more teamplay oriented than existing enchanters. I like it. But i probably wont play it in solos/random normals
yes can counter renata's ult
They finally added juggernaut’s healing ward 😂
Does his W increase Rengar jump range?
This champ literally destroy Reneta :v
As a support main, I freaking love his ult.
When will he get released? do we know?
wow i kinda like this guy
It will be SUPER broken with Nilah omg, I can't wait to main him.
UwU AYAYA
Finally a champion that takes under 5mins to read and understand his kit 😅  Seriously though he looks fun and like a good buffer
he will work good with cait senna and jinx  runes summon  Aery will work with him so well
So... Millio support Senna ADC? + Kindred on JGL... sounds like a plan :D
An aoe cleanse gonna be interesting
This shota will be good for Kogmaw. It is... Interesting what Kog us good in union with babies (Lulu, this one)
Draven+Milio=GG
improved yuumi. you can move and control the game. you can help vs amumu stun. wtf
Goodbye Amumu.
Can't wait to see him in proplay and get nerfed to the ground. :)
its great to see ya buddy   save it!  LUFFY!!
WHAT THE FUCK A BALANCED CHAMP?
I hope Riot makes more champs like him, simple, fun and not broken overpowerd. Milio is a breath of fresh air and i cant wait to play him ^^
as support main, otp rakan, Gaara lover, i would definitely grind this
Am I the only one who thinks that Milo feels like actual, proper League champion? I haven't feel that way for a while
Why a transgender? s..t..f....u
Ill be damned, theres a counter to neeko and amumu ult
How original!A shield that gives allies movement speed…
heal shield cc movementspeed slow range buff cleanse dot dmg buff, nice kit riot, not overtuned don't worry about it
Seeing how his W requires you/your adc to move slower (probably during skirmishes) while his E is used to give chase if the skirmish is won or to run away  Using both at the same time would cause the adc to outspeed the poor lil flameboy  Despite how simple his abilities sounds there's already a bit of complexity to his playstyle. I like it
One ability is enough to see this champ is definitely not for me. They need to bring out some simple champs again
Nerfed in second week, that ult counter half of the adc´s ,plus that atack range is scary. It seems yummy will stop getting banned ............
The fact his ability descriptions are so short and easy to understand is a bit odd
Wait so he can’t self cast his ult when he’s cced? Does that mean if amumu ults your team or lilla ults your team he can’t use his ult?
Ahh yes, this is why they buff tower DMG. 😂 the sit under tower tech
meh
I actually love the concept of this champ I dont play supp since Im more of a mid/adc but I may pick up the role to play milio ngl
He is Brazilian ?
another unnecessary not relevant champion for attraction kid auditory.
to much disney in my opinion one spell literally called "Warm Hugs"💀 after that i need a champ that ripp off limbs and drinks blood xD
I never thought Cinderace would become a champion.
How is no one talking about his R? It's a goddamn QSS for everyone on the team (except himself), that completely destroys champions that rely on their ult to do massive crowd-control like Fiddle or Renata
boring ass design and concept. skills are pretty cool though
S+ Tier Draven incommiiiiing xD
the ult will def get her picked in pro
we need a Number 10 football skin for that boi
Milio Senna meta
I feel like its gonna be meta to run QSS on him so that if your whole team gets cc'd he cant double cleanse, into comps that have super ults like kennen or sera.
every thing i could want and more
All it has to do now is to ask where to put jos shoes. The resemblance to Miguel is obvious.
Riot: lets stop making new champions Riot also Yes
this champion is extremely brazilian
Bro, its fcked up, it's like having ignite on auto attacks, it'll dmg twice as hard, riot what is this? Except from passive it's okay but riot , u gave bot lane a extra ignite c'mon...
as if caitlin and jinx didnt already have enough poke
So Riot is still making non dashing champs ? wow !
Now let's see if Mordekaiser is affected by the ult or not😂😂
Amumu is somewhere crying in a corner
SUI
give him some scaling and we have a sustain supp which plays good into current poke meta
Looks like such a fun support to play.
Surprisingly simple, straightforward support kit
Such a cute champion , shame i hate kids   Sundowner probably would like him tho
seems easy with a very high ceiling . hes gonna be so meta with all the bot lane cleanse but his play making potential is a bit worrying for a support in high elo . we will see
He looks great!
dora, the explora v2
I absolutely hate what this game has become
Time to be a support main again
Still waiting on Tahm Kench star guardian skin with a cute little tutu dress.
yall thinkin what im thinkin... cait with rapidfire on unsealed spellbook with cogath ult (it increases her auto range) with milio?
this feels really nostalgic for some reason
I dont see anything wrong with him ( *cough* W *cough* *cough* )
Oh my god...Riot did it.  RIOT MADE A SIMPLE SUPPORT CHAMPION!
Simple  Straight forward. Light hearted and wholesome.  Its nice to see champions like this still being produced all these years later. Very nice 👌
His Q gonna be like SIIIIUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Wait, a simple champ without a billion dashes, true damage and 7 passives??   Count me in!
The rest of his kit is fine but his E is Karma’s E so I’m just like… ok?
Milio gonna end Renata's whole career
he does exactly the same things that all the other enchanters do....  what's the point of having champions that are identical to each other
Oh god, just Imagine, Milo, Samira, Zylean and Anshan on the team -> Samira W, Zylean ult, Millo (+range, healing, cleanse), and Akshan revivify, Imortal Samira.
ok so he got burn, heal, attack speed buff, movement speed, cc, cleanse, knock back, attack range, what else? where 15 dashes? riot games?
Simple and incredible. Also this gave me so much nostalgia of Gigantic, the colors, the mood, oooh so lovely
OMG NO NOT LULU 2.0
He's so punchable
Wait something is wrong here. Where are my 50 dashes?!?
Balanced champ for the first time ?! 😮😮
wtf Tilín 😱 Eso Tilín!
He feels like an old school champ, I like it
Wonder if copy-pasting Karma's E was the only viable option there.
Ult is too boring, but still a good champ tho.
The increased attack range, I thought it'd be flat. Percentage is better, though.
ZERO DASH , I REPEAT , ZERO DASH !  RIOT MADE IT
After the teaser you expecting an non-human character, bouncing around the rift with fire Riot: Nope
Going to be the new perma banned in all comp games and get guttered like yuumi lol
no way rito did not make this champ deal max health true damage, one shot enemy with empower auto, infinite stack abailty and able to one shot a tank by building tank item
Boring af
Its too boring
Just think about the Senna with Passive Range + Lethal Tempo + Rapid Firecannon + Milio's %20 range buff. Only thing is getting the souls with senna since this champ is not effective enough to farm minions with.
wow, an actual simple champion oh my god
so QT!❤‍🔥  Want a star guardian skin on them✨
passive kinda of an inverse leona thing?  q is kinda wierd i guess kinda lissandra q ish  w seems like it could apply a lot of passive procs and you could go for some giga kog maw twitch pew pew  e fine but kinda boring   ult dfeinitely makes me glad amumu ult is a stun now instead ojust a root
i dont think his ult is anywhere near being broken infact i think the clense is very needed in todays league.  the increased range however, as much as it might help adc's, might be problematic
Thank goodness a teamcleanse is added into the game. So tired of games having QSS or Cleanse as mandatory
I can imagine Amumu doing his R to stun people and Milio just removing it with his R and healing them.
Q is better Ziggs bomb and E is better Ivern shield. Old champs are a thing of the past
Lucian + Milio! W is like 15 micro heals + fixes his range, E is MS + 2 shields, Q and R too due to passive counting them as empowerment like Nami E.  Also +20% attack range is kind of nuts. That’s +130 for Caitlyn. Or +240 for Seraphine.
I think the increased attack range should scale down with current attack range. So for melee champs it could be 10->20%, but for Caitlyn it should be like 5->10%
Janna 2.0
Where are monsters champs and WTF is that QSS
Where are monster champions when you need them)
They gave him Karma E lol
The ult is actually super broken what the fuck were they thinking imagine the situations that could be altered by the simple press of a fucking button no skill brainless champ
Yo this champ with Samira will be broken
Brazilian people aprove this champ⚽
Sounds like everything you'd want from an enchanter in a single champion
I think R should cleanse him too or have short CD at least
so, basicly, they've put Mowgli in the League
Simple mecanics, but still interesting. Thank you.
Not a fan that theyre pushing ADC reliance in their Champs lately (milio, yuumi rework). There's no skill expression here & I worry that the harass in lane will be next to nothing. This is especially a slap in the face with the recent spell thief nerfs. He's very cute but that's about it. I hope they consider adding some other form of cc to him, increase his AA range, and stray from the passive support line the next time they make another champ.
i havent felt ready for a champ in soo long
Looks like Dora
Support mains are gonna love this little guy.
[Seraphine left the chat]
No dashes??
Can milio canceled with r jarvan r ?
Kogmaw mains be like : Extra range you say?
I remember when champions used to be so badass they use to strike fear into the hearts of the player I remember I was so hyped for champions back then for example jhins introduction was so badass back then riot never cared about looks they wanted there champions to mean something back then but now champion introductions now are so boring and pale they hardly mean anything to me anymore
Um mago masculino voltado para cura e proteção? Sério me pergunto porque existe tanta dificuldade dos jogos fazerem personagens assim.
The perfect support doesn’t exi…
Idk, it's kinda, u know, TOO simple? And nothing intersting about "just a support with a heal" True enchanter i guess Boring to me, and i'm a supp main, especially i love the enchanters
welll.... looks op for adcs.. zilian speed boost, cleanse, cc no keep adc safe, and bonus damage... now add shurelda move speed, and a lot of cdr to spam shield, attack range, and balls. Little to no counterplay for melee it seems, only if you can 1 shot adc before shields and R comes in. Will see a lot of nerfs I guess, just like ranata got (and still she is OP af tbh)
Love this champ already! Am excited to play him. I also really enjoy the music they have for him. Props to the music department!
Its stupid when champions can outright flip their middle finger on multiple other champions's ults because Riot wants to...its ok i guess to counter a certain champion but to be a legit anti-cc/aoe cleanse to against any kind of cc like Malzahar, Malphite, Nautilus , Leona , Thresh , Blitzcrank , Warwick , Seraphine , Zyra ults just to name a few is STUPID.  Milio is a must ban. That ult is stupid, not to mention the other abilities that are unique utilities. Sometimes i wonder, why do they not rework every single old champion to make them all equally "skill-impression" wise and load their abilities before making any newer ones. Because at some point it is really pointless to pick certain champions due to their "oversimplified" nature. Looking at Annie , Jax , Master Yi , Talon , Garen , Ashe , Tryndamere and others generally who rely heavily on auto attacks, enable/disable or point and click abilities.
yeah im gonna main him on support now. his kit seems really fun to play and his slimes are also adorable
So we got a water bender, earth bender and now a sort of fire bender, now we need an air bender since Janna doesn’t count
finally sometime simplier and not 459 lines for each spell
I can see now, like the entire enemy team crowd controlling the absolute shot out of Milio, just so they don’t lose the team fight wasting it only for them to get a huge ass cleanse 😂😂.
insta ban
Peaveful supporive champ. Finally something sporitual, not like other aggressive supports.
love this guy, but i'm still waiting for a healing skillshot RIOT
Seems nicely designed. That attack range will get nerfed or removed after launch, no way they let Caitlyn with Lethal tempo or Senna with Lethal tempo gain a percentage range boost that will very quickly become unfair.
Seems kind of underwhelming to be honest. They should just start reworking champs for like the  next 2 years.
Olaf would like his slogan back.
so basically his E is karma's E
meh
over fckin loaded
Finally a champ and not an abomination
on-hit healing x2 shielding movement speed buff attack range buff and cc removal  totally not overloaded
I'm telling ya, this will be permabanned in LCK or against LCK teams.
As a skarner main i already despise this guy, yey im now useless cause he exists people dont even need to pay the qss tax :)
Finally, a chmap that doesnt require harvard levell intellect to understand him
Ima do the pro gamer move and take him top lane. Q to push them back if they engage W for help last hiting, chasing, and extra kiting. E shield and speed up to get away. And a cleanse on the ult to make that much harder to kill. Frick flash I’m taking barrier, cleanse. Runes will of course be phase rush, nimbus cloak, focous, scorch. Presence, and alacrity  Time to make they’re lives hell.
They should change the w range buff into just damage and attack speed instead. Additional attack range on some adcs are too op.
Something to make cc comps bearable
I think this is first champion in awhile I’m super excited for.
I like his kit but I'm afraid no one will use his ultimate correctly, especially when it doesn't self cleanse. In big teamfights, where its ideal to be used he'd have to stay way behind not to be hit by aoe ccs and to cleanse his team. He's clearly made to stick with his adc, his increased range ability is realistically only good on marksmen and the ultimate is probably also meant to keep the adc safe but I rarely see supports hard peel their adc these days.
Rip Mikael's Blessing
Manuelito from Coco
This is the most classic kit I've seen in years and I'm glad
Refreshing champion with a simple yet effective design. Easy enough for riot to tweak numbers if he's too strong, like the attack range. Also his ult not being a self cleanse and its a long cooldown is good too. Im actually excited for once 😂
Mogli mage?
Broken
I can't wait for him to be a new addition to my frozen corpes collection. Im so excited.
Uhmmm his ult seems broken, the increase attack range is toxic on some champs and itll defintelty be an anti-engage support same as taric but better imo. Will be played in pro play for sure until nerfed
Ah yes more attack range for Caitlyn.
Looks simple and effective. Senna and him or cait could be epic
This new jungler is what I'll main on the road to wood division
Hết ý tưởng. Toàn mấy skill cũ rích chắp vá của mấy con tướng khác
Wtf is that
Looks totally shit
He WILL have a skin with poros, u can count on that
>First Latino character in the game >is associated with football Kek
His R can be so valuable in a coordinated team fight. Can't wait to see a Milio saving entire team from Amumu ulti and casters going crazy over that in pro play
Would Morde R just get cancelled when Milio ults near a champ in the realm?
Cait is gona long arm everybody with him as support
Imagine Caitlyn with lethal tempo 6 stacks, rapid fire cannon and then this
Hey a cool champ
Looks like another yuumi
????? Are you joking? What is that R animation???? There is literally nothing to it
Been a while since we had simple champions like this.
counter de renata
They'll definitely use it in pro play!! Can't wait to see it!
Simple champ, seems easier to balance than other thrash that came out. And honestly I love the vibe. I see people worry about the healing and worry about the attack range. But honestly this can easily be adjusted by Riot and new counters will come out and doesn't seem like to have that much dmg. So it's a really trade of. I can see the combo with Jinx, TF, Cait. And I think she will also be very viable in losing lanes like with Vayne or Ashe (Healing and range for cs'ing under turret.)
Go! Diago GO!~
Another good aram champ
the design is very "Encanto"
Lo que faltaba, mas rango de ataque  para Caitlyn....
I love it
WHAT THEY MADE A SIMPLE CHAMPION FOR ONCE THAT DOENST HAVE 20 PASSIVES AND GIMMICKS
Yeah Twitch in Milio W with over 1000 range in his R. Seems great for enemy team.
Champion reminds me of that kid in encanto who talks to animals
As an adc main i'll always ban cait now😂
Finally good support
cute lil fire boy! I like him!
aoe cleanse.....
Ha! I was right that he wouldn’t be able to cast his ult whil cc’d it makes for way more outplay potential. Also with frame perfect timing you could probably cleanse a mord ult, which will probably bug the game but who knows.
I love him already.
It's like Amumu and Annie, but In bullshit.
que es esta mierda riot?
The attack range on Caitlyn... Permaban incoming.
I really can't wait to test it, I don't know what it's going to give, it's different from other supports  ! A little novelty in support is good!
another broken champ, maybe it's time for the game to shut down i'll be honest
One of Riot's best design in a while
pick or ban guaranteed.
Puyo Puyo
i'm scared of the increased attack range paired with caitlyn aa, jinx aa and twitch r 😭
must pick and ban counter champ for high CC comp
Pretty Unic consept and not too overpowered. Looks like the signature ability (W) is pretty good
did they forget to add something to him ????? it has everything and more
we want naafiri not this fckin kid
This is completely cracked. At lower elo's probably not, but at higher ratings where people actually know how to abuse extra range this might be the most broken enchanter.  That being said his design could not be any more bland. This is what you get when the design team comes together and does not want to take any risks that might lower sales.
Ooof increase attack range... Just imagine aphelios and cait with him. Yikes
They truly need a new visual design team.
Everyone is gonna want to play him ahaha ( I’m counting myself)
Yep after 2 years someone finally fits my play style
I think the way the champion is gonna work is that you need to use an ability on the adc every time he uses a basic attack so that you hit the passive multiple times
kog'maw W + lethal tempo + Milio 💀💀
i just hope it is not qss cuz if yes. then why bother buying qss
he looks fun. im excited for future skins
That increased range gonna be so op
Riot games releasing an actually balanced champ
Anyone notice how his and yuumis e is pretty much the same thing? A shield plus movement speed. (Except so far yuumis is better as it gives attack speed and mana)
Ese es messi ?
His Q is literally the scorch shot from TF2
that group cleanse on his ultimate will surely get nerfed
Holy crap....this is powerful!!!! Looks really enjoyable too.
The Brazil character
Where are the dashes????
Been a while since the last disengage support, I love him.
I'm interested in how busted he is on release
So his passive is brand passive how lame
Except his ultimate, he looks kinda weak, let see
seems like a good counter to renata and a good combo to lucian!
Well judging by the passive, I can already tell brand mains are gonna have a field day by trying to force brand APC to be a thing. that said it's good to see riot going on a decent streak with making decently balanced supports...now if only they could do the same but with literally any other class.
He ight
Wait I kinda like this lil' goof ball
this character will be healthy for the game
honestly that is how a champion should be designed. Simple q, uniqe but easy to understand w, simple e, uniqe but good ult
Look broken enough to me
Im about to make him my mid laner
he’s gonna have some great skins. And I love his Q
Another twink..😐
Make a Flushes already! 😍
Messi
His ultimate cancel Renata Glasc ultimate?
Looks like he is very strong at taking trades botlane.
What a breath of fresh air in a sea of new complex champions. Milio is sweet simple to the point, while also having depth in his gameplay. Looks like a great champion for the health of the game.
What color is the sky ¡Ay, mi amor! ¡Ay, mi amor! You tell me that it's red ¡Ay, mi amor! ¡Ay, mi amor!
we just need now a true milf adc
Now i know... i know why i leaved this game to never return.
So it's a Caitlyn buff, but in a form of a champion
Another champ designed to sell plushies. Ugh.
All his skins are gonna be adorable with all the different flame designs, I’m excited
Oh my god Riot pleeeeease don't make him annoying and talk allot m goodness PLEEEEEEEEEASE
Cool Abilities - Champion Looks very boring tho sadly.
as a support main: I'M IN LOVE <3
wait, so hes E is just karma E? they truly are running out of ideas
Ok hear me out : Cait with increased range from the ability shown here + the cannon item or whatever it's called + you step on one of her traps. Or, fed senna + him
no dash? Im disappointed
That W has to be the most painful thing in this kit
That cozy campfire basically his ultimate
Se o Milho não for brasileiro eu sou MALUCO, pivetin é a cara do Brasil
Obvious fake kit. He only has one passive, and all of his abilities seem straightforward and normal. Can't be a 2023 champ.
honestly pretty dope
a breath of fresh air
Bruh, if both Demonic Embrance and Liandry's Anguish are appliable to the passive, you can make the adc apply these both item's burn passives on-hit plus Milio's burn aswell. This is a better version of brand, but with healing and cc.
Good disengage support, similar to Janna. Nice job.
炸彈人，露路，索拉卡
I want a skin thats called E-milio with a poncho and the fireballs having mustaches
EL MAGO PERUANO QUE GRANDE COCO EN EL LOL
Nerf from % range to flat incoming
Wait, no dash/flash/jump ability? Already like this champs design.
I dunno man... it feels a bit underwhelming
So his shield is like a Karma one.
Giving increased attack range is really awesome and unique and the ultimate is super simple but looks like it has a lot of play making potential
He looks like Diego from Dora the explorer lol
Kit seems fine
How does he interact with mordekaiser? can he cleanse Morde's R off of an ally or not since they're technically not in range?
Looks cool ! Not too much, good kit, good vibe with him
Oh look another perfectly balanced champion that is not overtuned at all and riot is satisfied with it and also nerf mundo because unbalanced oh and fuck aurelion sol because why not Kappa
I feel like his hair needs to be much bushier
Jax mains: a fine addition
karma's E,but damn i like that ult
whats the point adcs are the better support now
Not to be mean but cant wait for the next champion
damn Diego is finally coming to league
What's this. Simple straitforeward abilities. Am I dreaming
Hear me out here, yasuo + milio bot lane. Lethal temp yas + increased further by milio immune to ranged (wind wall) + Heal and AOE QSS extra shielding. milio q does airborne knockback for yas ult
Oh a new permaban, awesome! 👁️🫦👁️
His ult should be able to be used on himself that’s ridiculous
I love how warm he feels
yet another champion that feels like it's coming from another game, and I like it
Nice to see a new hero without a dash.
milio's E is just annie's E
trashhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Ow,the kind of support that I like
this champion is a bullseye for what lol is needing right now.
I call it: They'll remove or nerf the bonus-range from the W.
Heals and shields will either suck or be nerfed a lot later, because Riot HATES those.  But i can hear Amumu mains raging if i bring this fellah.
Kai'Sa with bonus auto range? Yes please.
Αs a support main, this is actually really nice. Similar to most enchanters in terms of what he gives, but unique enough without being overpowered. The attack range is kinda troublesome and I don't think it'll be that long before it gets immensely exploited, plus the ult feels like Taric's ult in terms of power budget and how strong it is/can be Reminds me of the release of Vex. Really nice, simple design and will be neither a menace/balance nightmare nor a troll pick
Milo es un niño latinoamericano
It has been a while since I said this (vex, before that.. idk) but... Riot, Well fucking done. I'm excited for this champ
Pretty simple but cool design
Imagine this champ w cait twitch senna
finally a new perma ban!
Oh, okay. He's good. The extra attack range is probably going to get removed eventually.
Can't wait for the fed enemy Caitlyn to kill my team in the fountain before mionios end the game
Every single animation has been taken from other champs smh. Zoe and Rakan specifically
so he's a tank/AP boy
Seems like he could pair well with draven which, they definitely don't seem similar personality wise tho
Rito's answer to force Kiera to stop playing adc support
his ult is reverse amumu ult lmao
the anti amumu ulti
Imagine kindred and senna with him
So late game Senna with Milio's W is basically sniping enemy from fountain to fountain
The only issue I have is the increase attackrange on his W, even if it has a long cd, still on his W and not ultimate, seems too good
that E ability looks exactly like karma's. loved the music
how can we still only have 5 bans per team when they keep releasing champs like theres no tomorrow, up the fucking ban amount riot it should be 2 bans per person
Lillia?? Byeee...
Un peruano XD
welcome to league of legends mooglie
I read all that in phreaks voice
Zoe and him would make great friends! Except zoe would accidentally kill him
This is honestly maybe one of the first new champions I have been genuinely looking forward to playing in a while
Riot you have to stop the Shield+MS like is the same skill in 10 champs i guess
I hate him already
We don't have many of the wholesome male characters, they're usually edgy or cheeky
Finally, a support that doesn't do stupid amounts of damage for giggles.
riot hates adding white characters eh?
Like the champ but you are going to need some goated ranged AD to pull him off.
Another support meh, R zeri 2.0 just healing meh 😌
Most people seem to like him. To me he looks a bit too basic for an enchanter. Q and E are just basic damage ability and shield. Even ultimate seems kinda lame, even though an aoe cleanse can be crazy strong in some situations. W is his most interesting part, but i'm very certain they will remove the attack range part and replace it with attack speed or other stats in the future
Yooo he looks fun as hell!  Also yay, football skin when? We need more of those, they're cool
He has Karma’s shield ability?
If he doesnt get a soccer cup skin at one point, i'll flip a table.
I see. Cleanse Spell is better than Cleanse Skill.
really cool, i love it
First I was worried from leaks seeing his W gives more range + attack AND movement-speed. But only giving range is kinda nice and not overloaded. Will be annoying to fight but we have to see how cooldowns are. Otherwise I like his kit
Finally a simple champion with simple mechanics
Nah this is gonna be a nightmare. On hit Liandrys with attack range that scales, and a knockup designed to counter an engage supp. Do-Riot-o is back at it with some overtuned champ that will get NERFED into unplayability in 2 patches.
Isnt his shield the same exact ability as karma?
My child looks incredibly powerful but also somewhat simple, which is a good thing, I think.
seems like a fun lil enchanter
A male pure enchanter? On my sexist game?
GG
I foresee "AraAra" fanart
Love his design. The outfit is actually very practical for someone who travels, with the only quirky thing about him being his giant bag that also looks a bit like a volcano! It's a great silhouette
I'm the only psychopath that wants to play Milio but not as a support?
Perfect amumu counter
I love it, can't wait to try him, just a silly little guy
Floryn Angela and diggie copy 💀
Samira good synergy .. no cc better range
Increasing range? It's time then to perma ban another champion after some changes.
a peruvian champion, amazing
A perfect counter to the tank meta
I think the increased range on W is probably too much and will make any ADC with Milio a nightmare but besides that looks good, love his design, wish some of his ability animations had him dribbling or kicking around the flame slimes more but still good everall
Holy shit hes not crazy its so cool to see
Cool champ. But Skarner mains out there must be livid
Somehow Akshan W has more text than Milio whole kit, and that is really good.
I was thinking about playing him in Top Lane, when I first heard about his abilities. But it seems like Rito did a good job on pushing him into the Support role .
Bee themed skin would work I think :)
Let me knock on wood first, but he may be fun and balanced at the same time. Its been about a year since I haven't dreaded the release of a new champ.
Simple, new and not overloaded kit. Wow Riot, you still can do champions without giving them unnecessary things. Great champion, I like it.
Seems abnormal   Where's dash skill ?
Great this will add to Puerto Rican theme comp.
Another child to kill on the rift
Lil bro lokin like Mogli from junglebook💀
attack range increase  it was so good on lethal tempo that they are bringing it back  ( cleanse, healing, burn weird it seems familiar)
Sivir will be fun to play if that's my supp hahahahahaha
Wow this sup will broke the game the Fucck for the QQS in level 6
new permaban nice
Imperial mandate and Shurelya are gonna be a must on this champ i guess
can’t wait to play him. Seems fun and straightforward
the first champion i'm excited in a while
Milo Caitlin lol
Why does this champion just feel so right? It's like they've been missing until now.
MESSI MESSII
Thank God his abilities aren't 38 pages worth of extra passives
Solid kit
Holy cow, a new champion that is seemingly balanced and not overloaded!?
at least they learnt their lesson about saving others with skills, tahm kench had to get his devour as an ultimate ability for a reason, now milio has an AoE cleanse but it is also his R and on a long colddown, and more importantly, not on a tank so you can actually focus milio
Simple enough, I like it! Although I wonder if QSS Milio will be a thing to save team fights
so..... better karma?
P:brand but better Q: ziggs but recoded W: rakan passive but better E: budget karma shield R: great now you can get mikael's at lvl 6
best healer in coming
Milio is a simp.
All We need is a baby sitter Caitlyn skin
Xayah and Rakan behind ?  1:30
Que porcaria
Do yall think this is purely a support champ?
That E is literally Lulu's W and E combined lol
I was under the impression his R was a clense, which removes all types of debuffs. This sounds cool, sounds strong without being broken
gecko from valorant and milio from lol Pet madness. Can this one plant the spike? LOL
he heals, shields, increases dmg, increases ms, increases range and removes cc! really riot!? champs nowadays gets everything available!
Riot creators: lets make another  fuck up champion can unbalanced the game
SO YOU ARE TELLING ME I CAN PLAY KOG MAW WITH LETHAL TEMPO AND THIS AND HAVE THE ABILITY TO HARASS FROM 1 TOWER AWAY???? RLY NOW
El ulti me recuerda a Hel de smite
i wish it was a little girl instead
Literally has built in Liandry's, Mikael's, RFC and Staff of flowing water in the kit
The idea ofJinx, Trsitana, Caitlyn, Senna, Kindred, and Twitch autoattacking you from Ezreal q range is making me both excited and fearful
Nice champion. An easy-to-use Supporter and it's been a while to have a Champion from Ixtal.
permaban
Wait, he seems fine
I’m just excited for the Kalista skin
so it shields, have extra damage, burns, increase attack range, slows, speed up allies, cleanse, heals. wow all in one
Ehh
Milio's going to be SO busted with Shurelya's. That being said, the kit feels really original and charming! High hopes for this one.
Another broken champ at release good job riot!  Heal, shield, AOE CLEANSE + HEAL, additional attack range, burning autos and CC. What the actual fk man.  The supports keep being more broken from champ to champ and let old supports like nami, Janna and sona leave in the dust. 🤦🏻‍♂️
more reasons for Amumu to cry
Nice, easy to play support? Sign me up! I really like reverse Renata R. And the skills aren't obvious copy of existing ones so that's a plus.
Don't take my word for it but I'm pretty sure that Bel'Veth's ult has more text than this kit (if you ignore the notes)
when i used to play lol i often went fighters bot,  now i think i know the perfect combo for it, the movement speed increases combined with increased range will be op on adc but even more op on firghters especially with cc removal of his ult
''Breathe of Life'' is that a Florance Welch reference?
the kit is truly supportive which is good, but i hope that Attack Range wont be problem. He is not overloaded and thats fine i guess after these overloaded champs we had in last years!
is this, a easy fun support champion?
A girl or boy
Imagine caitlyn with rapid fire canon and this bad boi :)
Похоже процент появление джакса на боте увеличится
Good thing i uninstalled it alrdy xD
Oh boy a new Support, can't wait to play them as an AP bruiser toplane
No more wall of text for ability,  yesssssss
Very cool champ, I just how the nail down the attack range buff other than that finally something unique to play.
this is a champ u can recomend to a new player. the only  hard play for a newbie could be the skillshot. but even  he hit a minion seem the bounce kinda seek the enemy champion , so is pretty forgiving
He looks lame, but it's nice to see a simple kit again.
simple and seemingly effective champ. thanks, rito.
Milio passível:gankplank passíve but you can give to others
I think he has a pretty healthy kit, except his w
janna nami soraka sona = milio i love that
Finally, a simple support. A Healer that heals, without ability descriptions that look like a Mitsubishi Triton user manual. I can finally gently set Nami down and pick Millio up for a bit.
I KNEW THAT W WOULD HEAL!! woohoo!
his w and r are crazy think he will 100% be pick/ban in proplay instantly after he gets released
BR is stronk on this one
Super simple kit I love it Edit: typo
So Milio can: -Cleanse -Heal -Shield -Increase movement speed -Stuns and Knock-backs -Increase attack range -Imbue to have Dots dmg  Yep, sounds pretty balanced.
Seems cool gj riot
Bard: ults  Milio: reverse card
bro is so wholesome he is probably a child rapist wtf? riot
The fact that his Q doesnt stun after hit as we predict make him truly a good support and CAN be targeted easily. Well designed this time
Imagine, with that, jhin can get the 4th aa easily to poke...
hope riot release this in wild rift
Tbh they could've found better for the E, its legit old Annie e without thorn
Nice, simple, but still fresh. Cool
So, kid got CC, heal, buff and cleanse. Aight.
We need more magics in this game like Lulu and now Milio
Soccer/football skin when?
milio zeri worlds 2023 meta?
So Milios Ult is a big F you to Amumus Ult. xD
simple yet overloaded
Seems like it could be pretty good against pick comps, let that one guy gtfo when he gets hit by the initial cc that would otherwise set him up to be bursted down before the fight starts.
FINALLY A GOOD TANK COUNTER I AM  H A P P Y
Riot is really lazy.
His W should be his R
maybe morgana better
WHERE ARE THE DASHES THAT RESET ON KILL? WHERE IS MY TRUE DAMAGE?? LEAGUE IS DYING
Nms una biblia en cada habilidad, por eso la gente sigue usando campeones viejos y simples, por la complejidad que le meten a los campeones nuevos.
another guy with pokemon syndrom,first gekko now this
Milio ulty like chaugnar  AOV
Good with jhin
E has 2 charges?
love a new enchanter supp!
His W is busted botlane.
I love yaaaaaaa ehe
Seems like could be insane on the pro scene looking forward to see that
Broken
ban him
I hope him to be more like nunu than zoe
i'm going to play him mid i don't care if he his a support
Man attack speed champs are gonna have a blast with this one.
HIS E IS SO 2010'S TYPE OF COMPLEXITY. I LOVE IT.
Oh another Lucian support for LvL 2 one shot, exactly what this game needs...
Oh burn builds just got another boost
disengage from lvl 1, healting, shielding, extra dmg pasive, movement speed, atacj range and a aoi mikeals blessing.. all that on what looks like a easy champ. well ill defentlya buse it
VI VON ZULUL
Good kit, nice and short. Leaves more time for drinking!
Kindred is back to be an adc again ,
zZZzzzZZzzzZ
Ult seems strong but we’ll see in game
This character will be a god send for low range aa carries that trade a bit of range for scaling like Kai’sa and Vayne regardless of their in-built synergy
this character is adorable, even the abilities names are cute, especially on his E. warm hugs XD
beautiful <3
FYI mikaels is going to be core on her, if you get caught out in a team fight you can immediately mikaels ult to completely counter amu if you are fast enough  playing her guardian  tank/ap bruiser build for survivability and to mid line with the w and e buff along iwth being in a good position for ult
my next main
thats a april fool joke right? if not i wanna work at riot to test the drugs they take
Seems like he is either going to be a really chill champion to play or absolute trash, depending on who he's played with
they needed some star guardian fuel I guess
pretty simple. i like it
Wow what a surprise, another human champ. Release something cool again, for the love of god...
Wow; love the accompanying music. riot really has some talented people in the sound department.
Ngl, I want a new monster champ. I'm kinda sick and tired of all the new champs being human.
Those whos saying that AoE cleanse is OP... i guess you dont know that amumu exists
Wow, simple abilities for once? It’s been years since riot has released a champ who’s ability discretion wasn’t a page and a half long
Finally a new champ that doesn't have 4 pasive
If it is really overpowered it's about time we get an overpowered support
aw i love him, he is so cute
Another 200 years champion from Riot. People saying his kit is balance until he bully them with Caitlyn,Draven,Jinx.... With Range buff
Instant buy on release!
play soccer? confirmed Milio is Braziliian
Milion years champ?
Teemo adc 2023
Futbol fans will have a new main. Riot should give us a futbol Milio skin fast
For once, this actually seems pretty tame and fair to go against, assuming that the range increase doesnt have a 2 second CD.
Karma 2
Seems cool Design
He counter Renata ult
So Ixtal either turn you into a being of pure love or fucking sociopath
What an incredible ARAM champ.
I love this champ, I hope they bring him to wild rift
Kogmaw meta inc
Besides the range buff, genuinely nice champ
thank god the champion does not have wall of text of his abilities
Another support champion! I'm so happy!
this guy would thrive off teamfights
Pretty stupid that he can't self cleanse.
that increased AA range is going to be annoying
where's maalcrom
Cant wait to play another champ thats not viable at all on top.
Heal, cc, cleanse, slow, range, MS, bonus damage
not being able to self cast R seem kinda lame, but over all i love the abilities
I have decided he is my son now
Wait they made an interesting character with new mechanics that doesn't seem completely overloaded and gimmicky/bullshit. Wow. I'm honestly super impressed he looks great.
It's been so long since I've been excited about a champion that Riot released. Can't wait!
great champoin! somting league needed
New kid in Jax's basement lmao
Does R remove ALL CC types?
I don't usually play Enchanter type supps but Milio looks rl fun
Y'all are too optimistic. With only 1 damaging ability her Heals and utility buffs are probably gonna be extremely busted to make her viable. She'll be a more annoying Soraka.
MIlo
At least it's not another: black/lgbt/trans or some shit like that champion :/
The W seems busted.
Sincerely, the AOE cleanse and the attack range buff might be a bit op, but I don't see 55 dashes and 60% true damage based on max HP, so it's just gonna be a champ with good skills instead of an extremely basic champ with a ton of bullshit. I dig it!
Boy or girl?
cant wait until cait oneshots me from the fog of war
so simple...
I can already see milio's soccer skin
maybe we'll see him running cleanse/qss to cleanse something like a 5 man amumu ult and then ult the others?
He might be a little too powerful with a couple of champions (like kog'maw) but he looks really fun to play and I really love supports that buff you like Renata
New hero dont have dash? Im surprised
Okay so now ADCs have another reason as to why not build QSS
is that you yuumi ?
what is this shit
Well so broken and I bet this champ will be nerf in the next patch
There is nothing original or fascinating like in every champion released in last 6 years... That's the effect of sell Riot to china's corporation...
Time to tower dive as a team without going under tower.
Well. It gives heal, shield, and remove cc. It's a broken champ. Again.
U have to do Football skin with this champion
Menino Ney virou champ? Já sou mono 🍷🗿
Where monster ?
I cannot wait for this lil fire bean
Amumu will not happy about this
Cool abilities, hate the design though. Who wants to play as some lil bitch kid
please nerfed asol his f*cking annoying
Ofc the ability can't just heal or increase ally's AA range, it has to do both at the same time...
instaban, hes so toxic
seems like riot doesnt make broken champs a\nymore bring back old kata
ja gostei do champ :3
E is so Karma skills, can you make it a little more unique
booooooooooooooooooooooooooring
hami lanjiao
is latin? why play football?
A new champ without 50 dashes or an essay of passives, we love to see it.
He seems cool as long as the ratios on his spells are balanced
an actual well made champion, havent got one of these in years
ugh, enough with the star guardian skins...
It's aight. Clearly scratching the bottom of the barrel and merging other champs' abilities as new ones
Simple, unique, valuable. This is the antithesis to 200 Years.
the attack range seems a little to much and the are of the ultimate is kind of big
Incredibly simple ult
So ProBuilds lied about the Form Change.
pretty run of the mill I'd say, the most interesting things he has are the increased ally range and the aoe cleanse, other than that, pretty underwhelming
I find the fact that is % range a bit too much.  Somethin like 50 + 5% or something along those lines looks better imo
that looks op
Nobody asked
I feel like someone watched The King’s Avatar and put 1-2 abilities in here 😅
He is so unique with abilities that do not require 100 lines of text to be explained! I generally do not enjoy playing as enchanter supp but Milio seems a fun pick.
mm... bueno soy rol soporte me cae bien ese nuevo campeon
I wonder if 'Cozy Campfire' will procc his passive once or does every auto attack gets a longer range and additional burn and you heal... I like his ult but if the cd is very long u will still have to consider taking cleanse into cc heavy comps.
People saying he gives Disney vibes? For me he's a lost child from avatar TLA and I love it
IT'S JUGGERNAUT HEALING WARD FROM DOTA!! BROOOOOOOOOOO
oh boy more children characters!!!!!! im sure nothing can go wrong!!!!
Great!  now I will ban every match
Pov Blitz 2k23 still getting debuff on his W xD
Everything gives increased damage to allies, CC knockback+slow, 2 AOE heals plus Karma E shield with movement speed and break CC in AOE. Reworks for older champions that have like 25% of this kit when? Skills used to have 1 effect, not 3 in one.
Liam James 7062 north oril avenue
Love him love it love everything!!!
I'm already in love ♥
finally! a balanced champion with simple abilities! :D
Cait with Lethal tempo and Milio with ardent's, what have you done rito
The only Disney like-character that I really appreciate
This is the GOAT!!!
i wish keria played this champion in lck😁
Bro is dora the explora
New support champions are always fun to watch,compared to others.
Ty riot for making lillia even more useless...
That’s actually a decent champ and better than most of the bs they released lately
This is awesome!
This is an ARAM nightmare
looking forward to playing with that champ when it launches!
As soon as the character released and I saw her name I changed my name to milo
Looks fun to play, has clear weaknesses and strenghts, interesting visual design, kit seems easy to learn hard to master... Wtf? Who designed him? Has Riot finally noticed that 400 dashes CC True damage Immunity AOE ult and invisibility is not fun to play against?!
dumb champ. Another Yummiii
nooooo is the death samba
New permaban until nerfed like yummi
i love this little guy
good direction for a new champion, though we still need more focus on reworks
This will 100% get nerfed, specially the Ultimate 😂
At least some decent champ to mess teemo up
stop releasing champs, fix your client/game.
So boring...
I do wonder why his reception seems so different compared to Zoe, design-wise.
His abilities doesn't look very fiery, looks more like light
If Riot keep releasing anti cc skills, then TF, the stun-bot is gonna become unplayable
ah yes, an enchanter.
Jesus Christ this is gonna be broken.
Finally an easy champ without 45 passives, love the music so relaxing
ok now that's a nice design
he seems like he will be a good support for kog with the aa range increase and cleanse. also dont see any 200 year design in these abilities all seem fun and simple gj rito
The R radius it's too big
Why i have the feeling of a deja vu? Oh wait, Yummi , aha. Also , i bet he's going to have very high ap rations because RIOT thinks supports should have high ap rations because supp items doesn't give that much ap . And i bet people are going to take him on every single lane other than supp like how Seraphine was played.   And burh , is not like in botlane more range and more poke wins... Like cmon RIOT , increase range? Senna is already attacking towers out of the tower range . Wtf u want now? Adcs to sit under tower and hit the enemy tower? Does this company know why mele supp champs does very bad in lane and they need to roam so much? Because everyone plays Ashe,MF, Xerath,Lux, Velkoz, Seraphine with a reason . LONG RANGE POKE . RIOT pls cut the BS and make champs like Garen , much more better than this overstat and broken champs with 9 to 20 passives to the passive of a passive ability that has no cooldown , is boring already and sad and annoying .
Is his Q supposed to make it so you don't hide behind minions? Weird ability
Milo is a fire Janna?
He needs to become a Star Guardian.
I am actually excited for a champion???
Damn, his E and R sure are overloaded! :D
hmmm looks like no transforming, oh well he still not out so will see
fuck cleanse. just press R
Imagine a poro skin that would be epic
New tft set, new champ abilities, let’s go!
Look sus that skin, from movie cartoon look same art
Un Peruano
long cooldown on ult so with actual riot standards his ult should have around 90-100 sec cd
Finally a colombian champ ❤️❤️❤️
Wtf? I wanted captain farron, not this edgy crap
Laning against Cait Milio is gonna be really annoying.
Little corn is a cutie
finnaly a nice champion that not looks broken at all
Very simple and easy to understand. But playing against him seems like a nightmare, I can only imagine how it feels to play against a healing Caitlyn with gp passive and extra range.
Is it a lesbian? Ir maybe a trans?
senna + milio = THE RANGE
Finally, some simpler champs, not those abilities with a thousand passives. I really enjoy his kit, the only thing that I am a bit vary on is the increased attack range. I am interested in the scaling of things.
why so HD?
Kog'maw is gonna need a rework
I want Nunu and Milio to be friends. They could have epic snowball fights, and after that they could warm up next to Milio's campfire. Riot. Make it happen.
Please Riot let this just be normal like what it show in the video. Just a champion that heals, sometimes remove cc, can attack but not that much, and can just increase an ally range for just a little bit.  Please don't make him have unlimited cc remove, Increasing the ally range infinitely, giving an ally a burning buff auto then that burning will be forever, and the burn debuff on enemies became permanent.  This will be updated after the release. Let's see what happens after a week to 3 weeks after his released.
meh...
Riot speed running champions release kekl
Man can't wait to ban
AAAHHHHHHHHHH
I like how his passive rewards good positioning since his Q and E can apply his passive to multiple targets. I cant imagine that his passive has high numbers though, his W applies it constantly.
ok I'm a support main, why the fuck is he able to move the zone that increases attack range
I like his Q it’s very unique
Can't wait for cait to shoot me from the nexus with that range
That R is gonna be a great counter to Leo, mumu, Veigar cage etc.
An aoe cleanse and an attack range increase yea a little over loaded.
He burns enemies with Q, I'm already seeing the full AP burning builds XD
Kog maw with milo gonna shoot you in your fountain
She could be an brown support role
milio is like a Milo chocolate drink support🙂
capitan peru
Genérico
not me (a Darius jg main) focusing Milio the moment he takes a step past his tower
i know a jgler when i see one
Finally, a new champion from Ixtal
does it remove suppressions?
now you got shoot from nowhere with catilyn and rapid fire canon
wait a second.... THIS CHAMPION HAS NO DASHES??? RIOT??? HOTFIX PLS
So basically soraka/lulu with built in mikael's blessing. Dumbass champ
Why his skills are not 3 book's of text, i miss something?
I feel like the attack range increase might be a bit problematic, other than that, perfectly fine champion, good job Riot
There's only a 0.1% that this interaction works but my god I would love it if his passive counted as his damage for the purposes of oblivion orb/rylais it'd be so giga cringe and funny.
Dont like recent characters at all. Sadge
Holy adc bais in these comments. This character has an answer to everything in a 2v2 and you always get to start the engagement. Absolutely unhealthy and time will tell.
cool he can literally everything. Yuumi 3.0 was born i guess
I'm glad riot clarified the concerns the community had about his kit I'm happy riot is doing better
Very nice champ
Dose his ult cancels Morde’s ult ? Or can he save someone from Morde ult while they are in the death realm?
monkaW
very interesting fact about his passive: at 1:20 you can see that Caitlynns shots burn Jinxx even though Cait only got hit with Milios burst after she fired her bullet. That means you dont have to hit allies before they attack, to still inflict the burn
Don't know why but he is just a like a cast of fresh air. I'm happy for support mains, will love to see him played:)
His ult would basically be Mikel's Blessing then right? Except it's AOE rather than a single-target cast? Not bad
I like this guy easily one of my favorite in terms of design and gameplay out of the champions they recently made. I wonder why Nidalee hates him so much.
Broken as hell: a SP that gives attack speed, attack range, shield, movement speed, healing.....and cc removed ????
Don't pick mumu and co. into this, got it.
he he .. cant wait to main him and increase attack range of my adc tristana + rapid fire cannon <3 love him already
Hes just a little traveler killing everything in his path, such innocence!
where is darkin goth mommy??? I WAS PROMISSED DARKIN GOTH MOMMY FOR NEXT CHAMPION RELEASE WHERE IS SHE???!!
Gekko=milio
Ah yes, Nunu prieto
I dont like the ult. Usually you want to clean cc or heal, not both at the same time.
How unique...
Riot really managed to 1. make his ingame model ugly as hell, even tho he looks cool on the splashart and 2. to make a support kit absolute overloaded
I like that he sounds fairly simple to both understand and use, a good change of pace compared to the latest champions
his W is gonna make some adcs so hard to lane against without ganks but doesn't look too bad tbh lol
Did anyone notice that it looks like hitting allies with your q extends the range
We need Sona vgu
These are just Bard's unused particle effects.
Bro is Annie and Ori
Milio with Tristana is unstoppable late game
E basically Annie e
I like that an item active now became a champions R
Kog Maw Milo broken?
i love milio 😊 my main !
full ap milo Q max incoming :p
a champion that will always be balling.
All his abilities are within 2 sentences of text, am i missing something our what , where's his 900+ words passive RITO !
bahianinho desistiu de ser garoto propaganda das casas bahia e foi ser do lol ? kkkkkkkkk
Thank you Riot, this champ is like a cute peruvian andean kid 🥰
Finally a simple kit
wait till you see a random adc milio troll in a lane
Another overpower mid champion is coming (?)
She has mikaels blessing on her back no?
Im Banning caitlyn as always, nothing changes
The best thing about new champs is the music
Welp I’ll ban Cait form now on this lil kid is too broken with that increase range shit.
20% extra range lol, fasting senna & farming milio?
Diggie?
Im going to FULL AP IN jungle right now 😂
A pretty basic/simple champ, it's refreshing, after all those steroids monsters that had 45 dashes, 3 immunity and 23 AOE. Looking forward to him.  Almost forgot to say he make me think of "Kena of the bridge spirit" game.
Anyone know what his launch skin is? Couldn’t tell. Elderwood?
I LOOOOOVE HIM
Waiting for the day when this lad kicks poro's to my face
Wish his R cleansed him as well but otherwise the rest of the abilities are great
Bard's son?
imagine hitting a 4 man neeko ult and milo just tells you to f off. Not a fan of the ult and especially the bonus attack range. 780 range cait sounds scary af. Other than that, he seems fun
Refreshing to see a simple yet effective champion though I suspect this one will be a pain in the ass to lane against
Completely broken
His abilities don't look fire-like enough. Without context it seems like a generic healer with the power of nature.
The VFX don't look like fire at all, but I liked
Riot really release similar LoL Champions and Valo Agents at the same time. I like it.
SO CUTE!
Actually a nice champion and a nice tune also to go with it :) wholesome
Calling it now. He'll get a soccer skin in the future.
The ultimate form of slave support, which I guess is better then having to play against Zyra for example.
Nami 2.0 is real
broken af
I have not played League of Legends in lile 6/7 years, but this champion looks incredible. If I still played this it would probably become one of mu favourite champions for sure.
CUTE! This champion will definitely be a popular one, easy, accessible and very charming!
The worst enemy of amumu
Seems so simple and fun, I love it
Instead of reworking the old prehistoric champions, they keep pumping out new cash cows. Like you can't be telling me that it takes them over a year to rework a champion. Like bro, people make a whole ass games in a year, and they can't update a champion in a year????
Forget the boy, I want the slimes to be a champ.
Bard rework??
His whole kit fits in one page?
meh
I like this champ simple and quite cool
no dash? rito wtf
Well this is a bit.. underwhelming?
Nice, new Brazilian Champ, now Mordekaiser got a friend
so sit back never be in danger and spam w for passive, a heal and to out range..only way that is balanced is if its 20+ seconds
AoE cleanse on a support champion has been done in other games, im surprised that we're only seeing this in lol now
Milio football when
0:31 This can be funny on Poppy if she has the rapid-fire Canon
1:08 YEA FRICK YOU AMUMU PLAYERS!!
he will be in every pro game with AOE cleanse
Good so ADCs can remove Ignite and Rapid Firecannon from their build😯
I can already imagine grinding him by the Urgot ultimate
With this kit ez top tier sp
Ah yes time to play the support as a DPS in mid lane like we all do
Só cute
I am going to enjoy perma banning this champ, thank you riot! Everyone is so fuckin dumb not to recognise how busted this champ is. Because yes, the bot lane TOTALLY needed a support that can make a lethal tempo Cait, Jinx, or Twitch have MORE ATTACK RANGE. When playing against them as an adc with lower atk range is hard enough as is. Oh AND this champ can heal AND engage? AND has an ult that counters engage champs?  You are all so stupid for continuing to praise Riot for champs like these when champs like these are the reason the state of the game is so poor. It was this same mentality that let Aurelion Sol onto the rift, and now he has a 60%+ ban weeks later and a 52% WR.
Thank you Riot, love this! 🌌
wholesome chungus champ
I can’t wait to play this full ap mid
1:30 WHY RIOT?? WHY YOU HAVE TO MAKE HIM PURPLE???
Just a better Janna?
so karma E?
Basically better soraka,very nice,of all the new champs so far,i really like this one
I like how his abilities are not another page from dictionary. Simple, to the point, quite easy to use and learn. Kinda op but we'll see. And he's pure enchanter sup with only 1 form of CC, and that's really nice. Looking forward to see him in action. But I think in pro level he'll be permabanned, idk tho. He basically turn any adc into another Caitlyn, and there's a reason why Cait got almost permabanned in every game
This is purely stolen looks and the little fireballs from the game Kenya The Bridge of Spirits, with Kenya, little spirits and the music is from the game so that's awful to see..
Finally, its been a while since we had a fairly easy to play support I love it when riot makes champs that look fancy with a simple to learn kit.
It was a good change to the q to go from mini leona ult to knockback into slow. Technically I would even call it better now because of the applications but the previous one would have been super annoying.
the game needs fewer healers... so riot gives us a champ with two heals and a shield... bruh
Riot only knows to make supports.
Milio is so cool champ <3
As a Caitlyn main, I already adore this guy💗💗💗
That w is going to make him a balance nightmare I'm calling it right now
This is a solid kit. Doesn't look overloaded at all.
sounds like bard to me but a little bit opposite
Seems interesting and we'll see how good he is and his abilities seem like they can just be balanced through numbers. W could be scary though with Caitlyn and depending on if it's base or over all damage with jinx and Twitch but we'll see
Calcifer from HMC became a champ
His flame emoji design is so low effort. Why couldn't they take inspiration from the flame from howls moving castle at least
We need a soccer skin.
i love his r
2 billion years
Indeed, noice champ. A bit simple, but it's good. Better simple and effective instead some non-working gimmick. Additional range will 100% be nerfed.
So cool! I rly love it thematic
Still reading *Insert Champion* abilities.
feel like he is going to work really well with shurelya's since he doesnt has much healing on his kit to go moonstone (got disappointed with that ngl). besides that i really liked his kit, its easy, simple and doesnt look extremely broken
does his e have 2 charges?
Why do they keep making move speed buffing shields ?????? There's already about 5 in the game !
a champ with no dashes or resets? no way
He sounds like he's going to be a monster if picked with Cait, Kog, or Twitch.
Riot really went all in on that E ability. Never before seen creativity.
They should make Jana ult a cleanse too, she needs it to stay relevant
Cool guy
anyone feel the same? this champ is boring... Q: Karma Q (The only skill shot?) E: Exactly Karma E  W: AOE Ardent Censer (similar), no-brainer  spam R: AOE Mikael's Blessing  Basically just blend some support item and Karma skill together Boring to play, no skill interaction / counter-play from opponent
amumu supp will have a hard time
Brand: "fight fire with fire🔥" Milio:"ok❤🔥" Brand: 😡
my main question is: would it be possible to play him as a jungler?
kinda sucks that his ult doens't cleanse him of cc either. so if a neeko ults the entire team, he cant cleanse everyone unless he didnt get hit...
Cant wait to build liandry + rylai and have an adc with perma slow and hp max dmg on every AA
Seems cute and easy to execute without over the top shit. Good work rito
Huh.  I didnt imagine him being a support type but okay
A full team cleanse seems nutty , lol
Much of same
It's been a while since we had a male enchanter.
THEY GAVE HIM A CLEANSE ULT
his E is quite literally Karma's E
This champion’s R is going to make Amumu extra sad
Teemo and millio Will burn you, and the extra range sounds nice for Teemo in bot lane
Am i the only one who reminds his music and how the abilities look of Ori?
Let’s not ignore that team wide cleanse on his ultimate, that is awesome
Oh man the potential for his skins is great
LAME ANNIE 2.0 RIOT stop copy & paste fuck this game
i miss good ol' monster champs....
Boring as hell
Goodbye Amumu 🥺 At least Milio will give you hugs lol
I'll enjoy losing to a kid. I'm very afraid of both passive and Q damage and the increase in the ally's attack range. I hope for the ability cooldown and mana cost.
increases attack range... are they out of their mind? kog'maw / cait is going to have half a lanes reach with lethal tempo ..
What happend to MylesS2 ?
actual good champ.The range increase is something to worry about but eh
what is this ? another yuumi ?
The extra range is going to be hell isn't it
Remove the increased attack range and the support might be perfect
I swear this gives me disney vibes
He looks a bit op, especially his W and R but i still think that this champ will be one of my next mains! :D
as a bard main its sad to say it but i might switch to this guy!
Im glad riot is holding out on making the slimes plushies. My wallet needs a break
The limitation about self-cleansing on his ult is so.. dumb. It's unnecessary
who cares budokai tenkaichi 4 is coming out
Sorry  but extremely boring kit and uncreative
Milio is a zeri buff
He's e quite reminds of Annie's but I will try him.
Outro boneco de viado
Such a simple champ, I miss these kinds.
Is it a dude? Reminds me of Dora
i say this is a good champion, he brings something new with the attack range increase and overall his kit is pretty straight forward
Ronaldinho as a champ
i like him and his ult obviously will be useful in situations but i also kinda wish his ult was idk something fancier cuz his ult also essentially is just that item you can purchase to heal and cleanse your mate (obviously not aoe but yeah)
well this is my type of char very versatile nice!
Loving the cleanse on his ultimate! We need that.
Anti-Morgana is finally real
Tbh omw to play him on  top lane ngl fr fr
Milio is so broken man, he has gangplank w on his r
I'm wonder if it's work with Rengar leap?
Only thing scares me is W healing scaling
Fuuuuuuuckkk increase range??  I don't like where this is going
this skin looks just like ksante skin.. so they giving again a prestige at launch.. dont like it champ looks cool tho
they just be creating the goofiest champs istfg
When does it come out?
Broken as fuck, calling it in advance. He's everything an Enchanter would want to have, a functional displace to protect your carry, AA empower, AA range amplifier, a working shield and worst of all an AoE cleanse.  Way too overloaded, this makes Janna look like trash.
I liked it.
I hope his passive doesn't stack in any way
seems disgusting and broken
charming kid. Ban caitlyn
Amumu is crying right now
seems actually inspired for once and not just shreds armore and bonus dmg according to max health and reduces cd and so on and so on
he seems like a really fun support, which I am always excited for
Casas bahia kkkk
0:17 **h a s a g i   i n t e n s i f i e s**
why is he like, the same size as caitlyn ingame (even when not counting his big hearth-backpack)
Caitlyn players are about to say its mandatory to play Milio with her because that W is insane on top of Caitlyns already insane attack range
Millio is brazilian look at his playing soccer at the end like Pelé
He is so...boring?
I think it's about now we need Tenacity to apply to Knockups and Knockback
The ability names sound like the HR woman named them, hilariously bad.
If milio w increases overall aa range, then cait with rfc AND lethal tempo can get up to 1020 range
thought it was a girl
Another enchanter for my Collection :D
People say that this isn't overloaded but I think the fact he gives shields, movespeed, healing, aspd increase, range increase, a cleanse AND a damage buff is a bit much. He's going to be Thresh levels of always relevant.
I LOVE HIM
walking yuumi
Something nice and that doesn't seem broken
So a healing Brand support champion. Looks like I have to ban him 24/7
To be fair, this is not as toxic as most recent champs are. I think it's even...fair for a support?
Finally a champion that is not overloaded with texts on its skills
Support diff
When Riot makes a solo laner, they make a monkey with 3 swords, 4 dashes with stealth   when they make support, they just do an standar champ
The kit looks Zzz... Too simple, but atleast he´s a support with supporting skills.
I hope he's able to self cleanse roots at least!
MILIO MESSI  MILIO MESSI
Bro his E is just a weaker annie E
E is just Karma E but with his passive twist lol
So high potential with a Brazil skin
Everyone talking about how he's gonna be broken with certain adc's, but y'all missing out on full on-hit Milio who can self heal and get extra attack range at the same time
Milio fits incredibly well in the pool party skin line
Im sorry. What a wasted character. His kit is so boring 😢
i dont play support but i would gladly just to play this guy. he looks so sick
Loved how they use Caitlin to showcase increased attack range.
yes this is good character
Literally almost the exact opposite of Annie and I'm here for it!! Annie - Mage    Milio - Support Q ball                 Q ball W aoe dmg       W aoe heal E shield              E shield R aoe dmg         R aoe heal
damn, senna and cait are gonna be able to push lane from base.
its nice to see new kits that aren't overloaded
Welcome Milio Diego, Dora The Explorer's cousin to LoL!! 🤣
both his W and R are two of the most broken fucking abilities of all time, this is never gonna hold up
That champion is going to be a problem in proplay
As a jax main I'm swapping roles
I must protect this little guy at all cost
IM LOVE WIT HIS KIT OMGGGGGGGG
Simple and straight forward kit, I like this guy already
This reminds me of old riot where they created Bard
W range buff works for melee too or just ranged?
Millio is originally an *enchanter support*  A few weeks later MILLIO IS BUSTED AP ONE SHOT OP
Bro is about to make late game Senna into a sniper assassin
Now give TFT River Spirit a fire slime ball skin
Bitch was that…FAERIE COURT?! 😮😆😆😆
Oh my god the E shield winks at you
Finally good champ from Riot
omg those sparkles above their heads in the W ability showcase are showing who are affected. Why is it so high? I thought it was something unrelated
Ahri, do not touch the boy.
With the joke and q you can easily tell how its been inspired by scorbunny line
So he doesn't change forms. Proguides lied lmao
Basically a better bardo without his portals
So he doesn't change forms?
how come they dont know how to make any other champs then supports that dont seem totally over tuned?
Very cool champion ^^ !!! but i see a lot of hate on him at the moment sadly, all because of his ultimate.
Antonio Madrigal grow up 🥺🥲🥲.
I wonder how this is gonna pan out in game
what a great support good job riot
Great job RIOT auto buy
I mean its seems to be a nice support, but can Rito stop making characters that look like a jungle book character. Bro we have monsters from the Void fighting and in the middle is mogli looking like a potato. Lets make the next characters look a little more fitting to a 5vs5 Death Battle.
oh neat, a new champion that won't require a PhD to understand
Lucians gonna love this support LMAO
Seems like we'll be getting a World Cup Milio skin in the future.
I counter pick to amumu support.
This is why supports are my favorite class. They dont need a novels worth of descriptions to stay relevant and strong, and they dont feel bad to play against.
Ult : Soraka R + Mikael
Millio and Nunu will make a good friends !!
Just imagine Brand/Milio or Bard/Milio.  Also we will have problems if the enemy team choose Caitlyn/Milio. Oh, no.
A Playmaker skin is definitely in this kids future.
Ok I don’t believe this champion has no dashes no true dmg no hard  cc no revives 200 years
casas bahia mascot
The synergy of his W and ADC's Lethal Tempo and RFC is going to be crazy🤔
Wait. His kit is not completely overloaded o.o ? Rito whats goin on :D  Like it.
Oh Milio is a he? I thought it was a female character
Nice support
New mono Milio here, I already changed my lol name for Milio haha
It's funny how people think this is a balanced champion, when a champion with a dash it's broken XD I think this the most "dangerous" champion since Yuumi
We have to see the ratios but so farm... It seems balanced and not overloaded at all  Can't wait to try it
Another E shield that grants movement speed?
Hiiiiiiiiiii!
much better when August has nothing to do with the champion, finally a good character and ability design, it feels refreshing.
So with that passive and AOEs, Aery seems to be an ideal rune.
Imagine Milio Senna bot lane, Senna having plenty of stacks for range more enhanced by Milio
Fun kit and chubby little flame friends, can’t wait to see what custom skins will be made with him
Meh- Much more excited for the drakin dog
boring champ
Aaaaah it's way less overloaded than what the leaks said, can't wait to play him!!
2000 years strikes again
Nobody: Not a Soul: Zoe's E and Milio's Q: 🦵🦵🦵🦵
This makes me wanna open the game again
Looks pretty similar to that guy in the movie "Strange World".
Seems like something new and refreshing without being overloaded, i like it
I'd prefer bouncing fireball as a champ :D
I don't know, that 20% bonus range seems a bit problematic but other than that the rest is fine I guess 👍
I like his kit, it is original (taken into account the amount of champions). Just his e is very standard.
His kit isn't too yabadabadoo ass broken, I think.
milio plus caitlyn jinx or tristana =  impossible to farm even under tower as a range champ . also ungankable . nice....
Another new champ being released with a butterfly prestige skin?
no way his kit isnt length of an entire bible
but can he ult out of morde ult
Cannot wait to throw Milio in to tower
His music is just so enjoyable
Interesting. Boy is a true support.
Is his E cooldown just that ridiculously short at max rank or does it have a recast?
I think his fire spirit would make a nice skin for tft's river spirit
Seems cute, easy champ, a good pure air that we needed
Her W will make kog maw turn into a machine gun real fast
Milio with nilah passive in bot lane..
Time to cry
Kinda like him, doesn't seem op or annoying, just kinda cool
So his E is like Annie' shield without the dmg  He looked better with the q stunning tho :S
I just noticed that jinx vfx looks different
Actually looks balanced for a change
Biiii ele parece bem roubado, pelo menos parece ser divertido
The only thing I'm worried about is the increased attack range, other than that I love him
love it ❤
Why is he balanced???!?!!??!??
Remove him from the game, already way too busted
Now this is an interesting champ, riot nailed it again with an interesting support.
How Baianinho became a champion:
Oh well, time to main the new support just for Rito do giga rerf him in 2 patches (probably big nerf to AA increase and no self cast on Ult)
I love how he is just a simple enchanter no op abilities
slay
It is a miracle that he doesn't a textbook of ability description. Lol.
How is it that this released 2 minutes ago and already has 2.5k views wtf
Another Disney ahhh character 🥱
I love that we have  new enchanter support but for some reason I feel like he's lacking something.
Brabo !
I said this before and i'll say it again; I wish the actual champ was just the fireball so I could be Calcifer uwu 🔥
Another support champ😔😔😔at first I thought would be an ok mid but legit cant use your ult on yourself so whats the point.
Lionel Messi
Thats r is broken asf
Kiriko cleanse as ult. Insane
yay another champ i can play support!
Q=Kick da baby! Love him already
I love enchanters, I will love this guy
Go Diego go
that backpack looks really heavy...
a soccer based skin would fit milio very well
RIOT 😂
Nice
I love him and I want to protect him and his fire friends
É o cara das Casas Bahia
This is actually balanced
Another boring supp champ
Overpowered, nerf immediately
I’m so ready!!!
League becomes one step closer to disney
Its flame boy time!
i cant wait for bard 2 to boost caitlyn auto attack range to AWP level with his fortnite campfire
Milio gives you a small magic ignite on hit, just like gangplank's passive
imagine flaming a Milio
Disney™ Encanto looks great!
He’s so adorable
So hear me out. Bard Milio bot lane. Imagine how fun it will be!!
The waffle house has found its new host
Rito needs to make his little fire slimes plushies, I would buy them in a heartbeat.
Nahhhhhh
yo
Early noti!
First
first maybe
first
Niceeeeeeeee!
Wow
my new main
Baianinho das Casas Bahia !!!
Meow
