Hello Iskall, I think around two years ago this might've been the very first Hermitcraft video I ever watched. I found you watching Hbomb play Vault Hunters (season 1) and I loved your content right away. no matter what kind of videos you put out or how often it's obvious that you put a lot of thought and care into them and your creative ideas never fail to make me smile. I'm commenting here because season 7 is really nostalgic for me but I hope you know I've been following your channel ever since and I hope you keep making more great content even if you're working on things other than Hermitcraft right now :) The Vault Hunters pack looks smashing and I hope once I have a PC I'm able to give it a try!
I genuinely cannot believe how straight up disrespectful all of these comments are. I'd fucking LOVE to see you people do even HALF the work Iskall has done this year for this season.
This is a shame he’s making so much gear but the season ends so soon
The title: hermit craft's biggest noob  Me: if they let me into hermitcraft I bet I can beat that 🤣
Hallo iskall85, I'd like to thank you for gifting me the tier 1 sub to Pete and to show you how much I appreciate it I'll be attempting to leave this comment on every single one of your videos :)
He was comparing the stone pickaxe to the enchanted netherite one
Didn't Iskall say if he didn't get the tree done he would leave hermitcraft? The season is about to end I'm getting scared.
Iskall85 is the best
9 weeks and no leaves in sight, loosing hope
He said he'd finish the OMEGA tree by ep 100 but he didn't even make it to ep 100. LOL
will you bring back funcraft :(
haloo skall
Iskall is going to post an hermit craft episode tomorrow, probably it would be his last one, as I came to know from his twitch mods.
Its been 1 month and ten days...
Iskall85 I don’t know anything about your personal life but I hope your doing okay. Hope you release a video soon. ☔️
"....and next episode we are going branching..." That was a lie.
Iskall is a true hermit now.
Are you sure you are not lying at the last few minutes of the episode Cause I don't remember one episode a month "the usual schedule"
Where is iskall :( i really dont hope he quit youtube. He hasnt uploaded for 1 month what if something wrong happened to him.
can i please play with you guys in hermitcraft season 8, it is my dream
19:45 We are waiting...
Did iskall die?
I-Iskall? W-Where are you?
IS ISKALL DEAD?
its been a month now... i'd say 1-2 more weeks until iskall has either finished the tree or quietly moved on to preparing hermitcraft season 8
i think iskall forget where is his pc
He's been forgetting his YouTube password for a while now
Iskall it's okay if you don't finish the tree Just remember to have fun in the next season
You should invite dream to hermit craft 8
Great job doing absoultely nothing...at least it works for loosing subscribers and the interest of pretty much everyone....this brings me memories of an old saying: "he who seeks the coins end up loosing the bucks"
Is it just me or do many of the hermits' bases just feel incomplete/ stopped too soon this season?
He is still having his lunch . Be patient guys
I’m hoping Iskall is taking a while to upload a final hermitcraft S7 episode because he is grinding on the omega tree... bu my at the same time if it doesn’t get done it’s not the end of the world. I’m kind of hoping for some more consistent episodes next season but hey, I’m just looking forward to more content! I’ve really enjoyed S7 and I’m ready for S8!
KEKW this guy
Where did you go :'(
Where have you been?!
"HELLO" is this the season finale?
"That's a really stonks moment" noe that made me laugh... I was having a bad day thank u Iskall!
who remembers when iskall posted once every two weeks in 2021, yeah me neither
iskall you've not uploaded for a while
Is he alive?
I like how this is his LAST season 7 episode.
ISKALL REN AND GRIAN WON THE LEAF GAMES!!! YOU NEED TO PUT THERE FACES ON THE TREE!!! THAT WAS ONE IF THE PRIZES!!!! DINT FORGET!!!
Are you gonna give us a hermitcraft season finale episode or what iskall? 😭
So is Iskall ok?
Hasn't dropped a video in a month, what's wrong iskall?
I think this is sort of becoming a theme for iskall. I love his videos but it happened before on HC S6, when he didn’t finish his base on the mushroom island, and now even though he “finishes” the outside of his base in S7 in order to wrap things up for S8, he would still be ways off for the interior and all of the plans he had for it in the beggining. Not to mention pacific, and his industrial district. So yeah, not the best season for iskall, but was still enjoyable to watch. I hope that this changes in S8 and he could tone down a little bit on the projects and expand on them once they’re accomplished!
yes he continously return 4th time 4 months 4 episode perfect
Iskal are you alright man ?..i mean it's been a long while you uploaded
i hope iskall will be back for season 8
That tree isnt getting finished
my man just threw away a perfectly good shovel and pickaxe
While it’s disappointing he wasn’t able to finish the tree, and even if he doesn’t (I’m sure no one will be more upset than him) it would be cool to see people download the world and finish it themselves. I’d love to see pictures of that too.  Go easy on the dude. He was sick. (And busy).
I hope all is well! Take care.
is he still alive ?
Come back
So iskals 100% dead
We are not salty because you take a break or you are done with HC all together,  we are salty because you just dissappear without saying anything,  no notice, tweet or anything explaining what's up.  This is not cool to your audience
Hey Iskall, havent seen any videos from you in a while. I hope all is well in your life.
at this point I'm always tempted to sort comments by new, but also afraid to do so
Most of the hermits finished hermitcraft s7 already and is all hasent posted in 3 weeks, but he appeared on mumbos video so I think(or atleast hope) that he hasn't uploaded bc he's been working on the omega tree for weeks nonstop so he could finish the series
Bruh when will the next episode come?
Bruh how many breaks do you want
This was literally a filler episode. He just sorted his enderchest for 20 mins. Despite having a tree to finish or visiting the various new builds around the server that happened when he was gone, he chooses to do that.
Hey Iskall, don't feel bad that you haven't finished everything you planned for this season. I think we'd all be happy to see a video to cap things off even if you can't get everything done.
I'm sad, a lot of the hermits finished their season and iskall didn't finish his tree or achieve his 10,000 diamond goal
i think this is the only hermitcraft episode I disliked
I like how Iskall is planning to go until episode 100 and finishing his tree, all the while, EVERYONE IS ENDING THEIR SERIES, soon enough iskall will basically be playing single player and building his tree. Pacific won't even be completed because Mumbo is ending his series while Iskall will be continuing. Also not to mention the fact iskall seems more active in streaming on twitch than making hermitcraft episodes
Hopefully Iskall’s upload schedule gets back to normal for next season! 😃
Uhm the season is almost done and ur not finished I think u might have to quit
Noooo they ended the season before he could finish maybe he went a little too ambitious.
I stopped watching iskall after a while and now im back with more of *tree*
iskall come back i want to see you finish the tree before the end of the season, the last hermit i watched posted their finale and im about to cry T-T
well hermit craft season 7 is offically ending and nothing new from iskall, its official if the season ends before ep 100 he doesn't have to do the tree obviously he doesn't care about this server and I wont care about his channel
He left to get some milk and never came back 😭
You should probably try to finish the tree soon since all the hermits are ending their seasons! :)
Is every one gonna say that iskall is dead becuase he has been gone for so long or finally people have common sense
Bruh
RIP megatree. Loving VH though
Unsubbed
Hey Iskall, I love you but I’ve got say as a viewer I’m disappointed to see the lack of tree being built and effort into its completion. Really feels like you burnt out cus you weren’t hungry enough. Not to mention all the time others spent collecting leaves for you. I’m sure lots of viewers were rooting all these episodes to see the omegatree finished on the skyline now its just an omegastump and I don’t expect it to be finished.   Edit- I also wanted to say as a twitch subscriber its a bummer b/c i feel like I was supporting you to keep pushing and make this amazing career you have realistic. And i was proud of you creating your new office. But it seems the new office rather than being a motivating space to grind became more of a symbol to your success so you could take the foot off the gas.
A hermitcraft vid https://youtu.be/nTxXPxRcBmM
If my mom saw me throw that bread away she would have said there’s kids in Africa ...
Transformers fans we must rise up we must stop this and bring back the servers. we will fight and we will win.  We cant let actvion and highmoon choose whether we’re happy or not I know you’re just game got us all through some tough times but they have taken it away they have chosen their side they stand by their morals but we standby ours we must fight we must WIN!
Still no leaves and 7 weeks
Wya?
Hey iskall, Dunno if your doing next HermitCraft season but if you do, please interact with some more hermits because this season you didn't apart from mumbo, it's a community man! You weren't even part of the main story line! Also justmake some shops so you don't have to grind for everything, that way you won't have to constantly tell us how much you've already off screen grinded for the project at hand! Especially when your chosen projects are literally just bringing for no reason (ten thousand diamonds)! I liked you in previous seasons but this time you really just bit off more than you could chew and I'm pretty sure you didn't complete a single big project this season, just have fun and enjoy yourself instead of existing yourself trying to go bigger than other hermits cos this season you didn't have it in you!!
He's going to show up next week with a finished omega tree
You all should invite Pewdiepie to hermitcraft 8, and you and him can a have a prank war to see who is the best Swedish man on hermitcraft.  Would be hilarious
Fwhip should definitely play in hermitcraft season 8!! If you guys agree like and comment your favorite hermit let’s get fwhip a invite!!! Let’s start commenting in all the hermits videos he would be a awesome HERMIT!!!!!
Are you going to bring back Sahara at all!!!!! Although they could have overshot the diamonds and sent them to season 8.
With everyone wrapping up their seasons, I’m getting concerned about Iskall’s tree... Hopefully he gets the tree finished before the server gets reset. 😂
nest season, mind the size of your boredom.
I love the phrase ‘redstoner’
can someome remind me in what episode he made the promise to finish the omega-tree?
He has left us again
Will there even be a next episode
I didn't like Vault and didn't have time for it to watch,You gotta BALANCE things, Don't abandon Hermitcraft
does this mean the omega tree won't be finished?
.
I keep my first wood tool and put it in a picture frame! Once we were all n00bs
most underrated youtuber i loved your omega tree and felt like making it but after seeing the omega part I  thought better to just keep it a dream' LOL
dead channel
If only you hadn’t played crappy vault hunters you might have actually finished the tree 😂
Well, can't reach level 100 without finishing the tree if the season ends before you reach ep 100!
So iskall man season 8 the trident master? Yes please
Dear Iskall, if you don’t wanna finish the omega tree, feel free not to and end the season, there’s no point to continue a project that you don’t enjoy, life is too short. As a mc builder who has build a giant tree before, I fully understand the absolute boredom of the process, and the difficulty to mimic a dynamic structure such as a tree. So once again, feel free not to and end the season. All the best
This has become a once a month series it seems like
You... know the season's ending right? You should probably finish your base and let CaptainSparklez and his green pig catch up on Vault Hunters-
My man uploads once a month
I saw the thumbnail and thought “I’m not in hermitcraft?”
Is iskall ever going to finish getting to 10,000 diamonds or finish the omega tree before hermetcraft even ends?
Iskall85, where are you? It’s been 2 weeks again! Iskall85, where are you? Hermitcraft might be dead again!
Who here doesnt think iskall going to finish his o mega tree but the end of the season??
Iskall i see youve been uploading one video each month. Is everything going okay?
Finding it funny how hermitcraft season 7 started 20th feb 2020 and people are finishing now and bloody iskall is still making the tree!
Iskall Pin this so we can give some love to the tinfoilchef and get him to 100k
Away, again
Iskall is either finishing his tree or has accepted the fact it was a ridiculous project he wasn't really going to finish
It seem like hes bored of this season he takes a lot of breaks
This hermit is actually kinda boring he was not there in the turf war and now he is not even in the 3rd life series.... Bruh why dude
Hey how can I join the Iskall sever
his fov is so high it's making me nauseous lmao </3
Iskall85 you play cod mobile
Just going to point out that you can technically never have to finish the tree if season 7 ends and there is no episode 100
We'll I guess there can't be 100 episodes if there's no season to play on huh iskallman. Pacific's really gonna be the next sahara huh, Overly complex and finished at the end of the season. His industrial district too. At this point, if he's gonna try to finish his base, he'd need to work extremely quickly since people are already packing up and leaving.  Here I thought he'd come back (again) and finally get some work done with the second canopy layer but no, an inventory management episode. Kinda seems like he's just avoiding the work at this point.  Edit: the 10,000 diamond counter too, he hasn't brought his diamonds back from the bunker yet and instead of using the stacks upon stacks of diamond ore he got from mining for to add to the counter, he's literally just giving it away and turning it into a house. No he'll never reach that goal.
Hey iskall I’m sorry to tell ya but u might not make it to 100 episodes. Already like 10 people have there final episodes out. Id says try to make a episode or 2 a day. don't focus in progress focus on speed and entertainment.
14:19 Iskall please address that creeper there
6:33 Iskall: *confidently strides up to the villagers, sword in hand* Me: O.O O.O O.O ISKALL??? Iskall: *calmly right-clicks villager* Me: *relieved exhale*
this man... THIS MAN... actually replied to my dms. thanks iskall!
Day 2 of asking iskall to check slime shop
CHECK THE SLIME SHOP ISKALL!
Check your slime shop stock
Seeing how everyone Is finish up their series my guess is Iskall will never finish the omega tree. really sucks
Episode 100 what a ridiculous goal, over estimating your abilities.
I knew this tree was never going to be finished
You should make a riptide trident as well as a throwing channeling trident
Iskall throwing the diamond axe and pickaxe into the cactus brings me physical pain Such a waste
Iskall with the tree is me procrastinating doing my homework
petition to have him just build a big globe on his tree so he can get it done and save his sanity!
yeah best games
The stone pick in iskalls inventory: _stelth_
Any chance you will finish the tree? Seems like the season is ending in a couple weeks for you after watching other hermits videos. Been looking forward to seeing the omega tree finished
in the next episode,.. there won't be a next episode
I feel like every hermit has come to an end for the season because they are done with everything. But iskall has so many things to do (pacific, omega tree, industrial districkt), he didn't finish 1 thing😂
Iskall should get insurance on the omega tree because all it needs To do is catch on fire and boom it's gone!
I love how they are silently negotiating the setup of pacific  ut the season has ended for several hermits already
Leave update 5 weeks and no Leaves
Hope you get the Omega Tree finished soon man, looks like the seasons going to end way before you reach ep. 100. You can always leave it unfinished, but you know the consequences of breaking your word like that. Nobody would ever fully trust a declaration like that from you again. I’m holding out hope you’ll get it done, as I’m sure a lot of your fans are. Hope to see it soon ✌️
the season will be ending very soon and iskall still has not finished the tree
Considering a lot of hermits are ending their runs, I'm kind of expecting iskall to have like a montage of all the finale videos and having a nervous breakdown in the background since he's not completely finished.
what will you do now? it seems like season 7 is over......
this season is so dead its not even funny
What the hell happend to hermit craft, no one is posting anymore
POV: The hermits killed season 7 on purpose because they are so exited for 1.17 and want to start a new season of HC
Beans⁴
Good to see you back m8, I was kinds missing my favorite Danish Youtuber ^^ I`m glad to know you are okay!  Cheers!
my pov: nice i build my house under 2 hours. iskall pov: nice i have buld my house for over a year and it is not done yet.
a quick question do they allow storage fixer mod in hermitcraft
Its like iskall and grian to bouild there base at the end of the season
branch time?? bout time*
Diorite I love it
Has more than a Stack of gold: I don’t have a lot of gold anymore
Xisuma and Grian have both declared their last episode of season 7. There ain’t no way in hell that iskall will be able to finish any of his projects in time nor reach his goal
No worries iskall just glad your feeling better😀😄
The progress of Pacific barely scratched the surface and the season is already ending, I knew it wasn't a good idea, just like sahara lol
"being a noob is bad" who wouldve thought so :o
Yall gona make me brvrr bbrbrbtbgbt
yso hurry up, Grian is ending the season already
Look at this noob
You should do a hermit chalange with all the members of it for reasons.               Grian
I got to tell you a secret                 For you segment he did not have them making noise.
2:18 When you're 3 minutes into your overdue school assignment, but then you remember some other "productive thing" that you could so instead  Edit: the more I watch this episode the more it is the *physical embodiment* of my work ethic throughout highschool
The Gospel: We sin against God and for our sins we deserve hell. We fall short of God’s perfect standard for heaven. But the good news is we have a way to be forgiven, that way is through Jesus. Because he loved the world, he came, lived a sinless life then died on the cross for our sins, paying the price which is death. He was buried and rose again on the third day. Through Jesus we can be forgiven of our sins. If we put our faith in him we will be saved.✝️❤️🙏
Iskall procrastinating: The tree will be done by episode 100! Iskall: Starts building a branch. Also Iskall: Let's get organized first!
Minecraft midlife crisis
So does iskall still not realize that pasific is a Redstone shop?
[Comment Deleted]
It's just a bummer that pacific probably won't be finished.. I dunno it just feels like each member for HermitCraft is moving on to other things and getting burnt out on HermitCraft..
In terms of book trades, we have no book trades
Love u man biggest fan
iskall...
Iskall your amazing keep up the amazing work also cant wait for your omega tree to get its finished Canopy...also what's the tree imprint reward? And when  is it going to happen?
OMG! I JUST FOUND OUT. Direite can be crafted into ANdisite!
You’re branching out Isjall
Wasnt ur last episode episode 99 ?
omg so boring.....
Techno blade Upload Schedule?    Good video 😂
On this episode of iskall puts off building the tree.
"Iskall has been neglecting Hermicraft for monster hunters with Stress" "I was bed ridden for a week" "As excuses go... That's not toooo bad I guess."  Glad you're feeling better Iskall, can't wait to see more Pacific shenanigans ❤️
Have you unearthed the boxes you buried?
I tapped on the video thinking it was mumbo's
Don't worry, Iskall, no matter what you do you'll _never_ be as disorganized as Scar.  I mean, did you _see_ his chest monster?  I mean, even after Mumbo built a _massive_ item sorter for him (which took literal _days_ to finish sorting what Mumbo loaded into it), I'm pretty sure he's _still_ got at least 20 shulker boxes full of random bits and pieces.
Plz upload
This man looked at the library so many times and didn’t even notice it😂
Don't worry about being delayed. You was ill. Health before games. People will still watch when you get back as this video proves :-)
Waiting patiently for more!
I honestly think introducing an assistant to iskall soon or maybe next hermitcraft season would help out with organizing his thing and reminders on what to do or where he could of left his things he constantly loses would be fun
I can’t wait till iskall realizes grian is selling back up boxes 😂
Gotta get your shulker box setup from Etho!
High temature. Hope it isn't the covid.;)
Um Iskall... Just a reminder but you only have 20 episodes left to complete the omega tree.
1 ep for month hummm just quit
really glad i unsubbed, one upload a month is just not it.
Ever thought about inviting a speedrunner type youtuber in the hermitcraft server? Maybe SB737?
me playing minecraft for about six years and not owning shulker boxes
Iskall: You know what time it is? Me: IT'S BUH-BUH-BUH-BUH-BOOAAAT TIME!!
1:34 is that a burn stick?
Youuuuu take all them time u need to heal. We don't want Sickskall
Everybody gangsta until iskals burns something in his tree.
You should invite other hermits to build branches for you
HAHAHAHA I love how you said "aj aj aj" I lost it
It's funny how I feel like I have a connection with you just because your swedish lmao <3
where is your spooke head (in the barrrel)
Hes back
I love organizing
Imagine someone trolled iskall and stripped his whole tree...
Me: Yay, Iskall is back on Hermitcraft!!! He's been gone so long!!! Iskall: *places one oak block and spends the rest of the episode just getting backup gear*  Erm. Iskall. Plz mate.      Jk jk, sorry to hear you got sick and I hope you're feeling better! Your true fans are here for you and would rather you take care of yourself first, I don't mind the break but I'm glad to have you back.
See you in three weeks!
I'm glad your feeling better and that you haven't given up on the omega treeeeee.
"My richities box has BREAD in it." That should be a Twitch sound effect right there omg
Iskall: I'll have the tree done by episode 100 Also Iskall *thinking* If I only release an episode every 3 weeks I have untill 2022 to finish the tree jokes aside love to see you back and glad you recovered
Boy, can this guy ever stall, on building his base! 😅😅😅
Hi Iskall, the important thing is that you are OK and feeling better, it doesn't matter that your episodes take longer to come out, I think I speak for a lot of your viewers when I say, we really like your episode's, but your health matters more, if you need to take that time to recover take it, we will still be here when you get back.
... change your FOV for videos. Can’t even watch
Maybe you should try logging in more than once or twice a month....
Don't forget to do something nice for beef!
episode once a month, nice idea to get rid of subscribers!
Being a noob is not bad,       But staying a noob is bad.                                    ~ Flagoleon
4:44 Looks like it is chest monster time
Hit 3 on the keyboard
Oh thats it *uncrafts hermitcraft
Why am i 4 DAYS LATE TO SEE THIS VIDEO
Get that bread sis
"mumbo is one of the best redstoners in the world"  my guy, you dont have a idea what that title means
What do you do if you die with the back up box on you
I loved this and I like vualt hunters also
last video: " a PINK return! episode 79" (After not uploading a video for a month)  this video: "episode 80" *IGNORES the fact he didn't upload for a month* I know he explained why and what happened it's just a joke
I am idiot I thought this was.  A season 6 video 3 days ago and now I am late. BIG SAD
Iskall i know the perfect solution for you,  visit ethos organized shulkers for your ender chest , his employee may not be friendly but is worth it
Best intro
This a link for a petition to youtube....it's about animal abuses that are taking place in YouTube....like content creators are now gone to extreme levels and gone to abusing and upto even nearly killing them.......I hope you open the link and read the petition and sign it to help our little concern grow bigger and help these poor lives. ...our hope is to grow awarness and when you see something like this happening,you would stop these actions.......   Thank you....  Here is the link below  http://chng.it/5f2FPd8S  And I'm in no way blaming this channel for such actions...  Nice video btw😉  This petition is from the awarness that I got from you. I can thank you enough man.....thank you very much.....I hope you would somehow help us spread this....maybe make a video about this? It would be wonderful if you did a video on us thank you....
love how he says "i cant wait to get better" as hes falling down a hole
Pacific is a 2 person project, but without any communication
To think Iskall could have avoided the whole ender chest debacle by just visiting (and surviving) Etho’s organised shulker shop in Aquatown
You realize you have to complete it before ep 100 right?
Iskall, tat lungs, viktigast är din hälsa. Hoppas du mår bättre.
Why isn't stressmonster101 making any new hermitcraft videos
Little bit hungover, watching this video... Opening scene looks straight down from about 150 blocks off the ground 🤮🤮
Iskall ever time I watch your vids it makes me happy and helps me get over my current illness
HermitCraft took a back seat again.
Its been a long month
Don’t forget your diamond building in the industrial zone
how would you feel if some hermit comes and strips all the logs xd
Oh iskalls back, nice
He calls himself a noob for using a stone pickaxe when he has an elytra, I consider myself a good player and I've never even beaten it on my own
I just noticed he put the seed in the description
Missed you! Glad you are back!
10:23 my brother trying to fortune ancient debris🤣🤣
Honestly it's been so long that I clicked this vid and I was like wtf is iskall and then it hit me oh yeah the tree guy lol srry
Anybody else only start cleaning their room when they are faced with a big assignment?🤣 P.S. Seriously, Iskall, I'm glad you're feeling better.
Yay, he's back!
love you iskall
This video is sponsered by stone pic
Hallo 😁👋
Who knew branch time meant "avoid building any branches for a whole episode"
Considering how he's adding even more branches without even finishing the leaves on the ones he's been ignoring all season, I am 100% confident that Iskall won't finish the Omega tree this season.
11:08 Hello Hello Hello Hello Hello
I like Iskall but the Tree was a mistake from day zero. For me its been the least interesting project of all hermits this season and i bet niether the Tree nor Pacific will be finished before the season ends in the summer
Hi iskall, good to know you are oak-ay :3 love your vids :3
“Get good lol” iskall to mumbo in hermit challenges now he has to get good
That branch/check was a git joke? 😂
When the flatearthers realize that mumbo doesn't live in Bigbrainville: You mean you are not the messiah?
HE IS BACK.
Iskall: I need to have 3 of each armor for backup.  Also Iskall: Not wearing a pants or a hat for most of the episode.
hope stuff gonna be happening soon. every episode have been mostly nothing. just flying around and gather some stuff and then end :/
He got good lol
I was, maybe being completely lenient with you to be frank iskall... Then I saw your "Richities" box had Bread in it... I thought I was a mastermind, but you have me contemplating life now...
*Mojang:* Redstone *Iskall:* Redston *Thoughts:* Redstonks?
Wish iskall was on 3rd life
„I‘m so unorganized“ Scar: *laughs in chestmonster*
Get good 2.0
Omg! No need to hold your sword like dat when Trading
oh, hi..  What a surprise to see you upload  after SOOO much time. whish you were part of 3rd life
he's back
Someone call 911 iskall have corona
'Boom. We've placed an oak block.'  -> PROGRESS
wish they’d livestream and help u finish this bad boy, at least in the collection of the leaves aspects, this would be prolly my 2nd favorite build if it was finished or at least had a semblance of it
you are the biggest noob but for different reasons
The year is 2026. Hermitcraft, more popular than ever, is starting its 10th season. Meanwhile, Iskall has finally released episode 99 of season 7. Overwhelmed by the prospect of carrying out the colossal amount of work still needed to complete the Omega Tree, he procrastinates by putting the finishing touches on Pacific, ready for its grand opening. It’s not all bad news though, Iskall has SMASHED the 10,000 diamond challenge by absorbing the wealth of the other hermits, who vacated the season 7 world several years earlier.
Am I the only one who is triggered that his trident isnt riptide
When you spend a year building the same build, I totally get why you needed a break
I really didnt want to watch this video. All because it said noob in the tital. Your all but a noob my friend so you saying it maid a turn off effect.
It bothers me why his "Backup stuff" box doesnt look something like Helmet Chestplate Legings Boots etc. Helmet Chestplate Legings Boots etc. Helemt Chestplate Legings Boots etc.
When you get busy and are sad you're missing the iskall videos but you come back and he was just as busy👍
Has Iskall finished any projects this season?
You still owe Beef
Face-Palm tree
Hermits: upload schedule  Also hermits: never heard of it.
"Redston genius of doom"
You know he's rich when he throws away non enchanted diamond tools
Remember when he challanged mumbo to "get good lol"
aquatown aquatown aquatown aquatownv aquatownaqua aquatown aquatowntown aquatown
lets goooooo he's back!!!!!
YOUTUBE DIDNT SEND ME THIS VIDEO AAAAAAAAAA
Am I the only one who finds vault hunters kinda annoying? I watched 2 or 3 episodes but nearly vanilla hermitcraft all the way for me.
Iskall, if you get a new trident and you put riptide on it. You can fly through the water, and in the rain
Your always leafing around in stead on building the branch
I thought he gave out his info for a minute
Really pleased to hear your feeing good again 😁 missed ya man
Iskall got good lol.
Iskall!! For Christmas take off all the leaves of the tree and put lights on it. It would look soooooooo cool
So glad you're back, I'd almost given up hope for your return 😅
We missed you 💛
I couldn't even be bothered to build a tree like that in creative
I would want one of those business cards. Just to have. One day, someone in japan will ask to see my collection, and that card will be the best one in the mix.
iskall not trying to back seat game but I feel like you'd have an easier time with the tree if you designed the way you want it to look from the outside with the leaves, then work your way inward with the branches. Of course do what you want though!
16:49 Mumbo, one of the best redstoners in the world - well I guess all the redstoners escaped into space from mumbo's monstrous redstone creations, because he is the only one left.
Is the server still alive? like everyone is focused in "the 3rd life"
iskall you know right that somewhere under your tree you made a few chests containing a bunch of shulkers and stuff hahaha more then 2 double chests if I'm correct! you should go and check that too hahaha
iskall i use to be your fan , but you stoped uploading , now i find you stupid
Oh N00bSkall, you loveable tree-hugging clown - so glad you're feeling better 👍
Glad you are feeling better! I like the flattop Omega tree!
Just me or the recording was quite fisheyed?
I am not sure whether or not Iskall will finish the tree on time before Hermitcraft 8
Dude, finish the tree!
At one point I glanced up when the stat screen was up and for a second thought it said "times slept with villagers" 😳
https://youtu.be/3R0NrePS21s
The only thing I took from this video is, that I'm glad you're feeling better iskall !  I'm also super happy that we got a new video from you! hallo :)
Why iskall is not in 3rd life 😭😭
16:49: FACTS
I love your videos!
I would follow you on the twit-twats but then I would have to have a twit-twat account and then thr temptation to argue with those idiots would be too strong.
Iskall I have no emeralds. Me uh you had four stacks from Christmas
Dream smp vs hermitcraft
I don't have nore ever will have Twitter cause I don't want nore ever will want the blue bird on my phone so please don't try to persuade me, okay??
Now remember - this comes from the same guy that told Mumbo Jumbo to - and I quote: "git gud".
Iskall: we have to stop being a noob Me: Impossible
It took me 80 hermitcraft episodes to realize that iskall's camera settings are FREAKING STUPID
*twitch* N no a apostrophe o on hermitctaft’s. *twitch*
Hope youre feeling better!
Sad at how little hermit craft is on this channel. Was my favourite channel...
Nice to watch ur vids again iskall and good to hear that ur feeling better
I know this is YouTube and vh is on twitch but I just want to say again how good of a job you did on vh
Iskall how many times do I need to say this:        Mumbo is a genius at redstone, you are not. So back off the territory of redstone.
The tree needs an elevator!
I fucking havent watched you since 5 months or something and you are still doing branches.
I'm constantly cleaning up my inventory, especially after I work on a build.
Holy fuck bro, stop getting distracted.
I swear I thought this was a video from season 6 and idk why
Why did I not get notif for this vid 🤔
bro ur sensitivity is too high my eyes
Dont appologice, iff you are sick you are sick and iff you dont uppload then  ill wait and enjoy every minute of the video. Keep Up the good work you are the best.
hi
Pretty much every youtuber I watch: please follow me on twitter/instagram/snapchat/whatever My mom: NO SOCIAL MEDIA ALLOWED!! Me: :C
MEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh wait i am not on hermit craft................
"Accidentally"  Iskall: Ack-sic-den-ti-lee
Does iskall remember that he has a building made out of diamond ore in the industrial area
yup. i am ready to see iskall's 99 episodes of hermitcraft s7. (if you know what i mean)
Imagine if he fell
19:40 progress
i miss him :(
anyone else see how he has a shulker box full of lava buckets
I’m out of emerald after showing us 3 stacks
Ok so this guy isent dead wait no hes gone agen for a year this time
Hallo iskall, great to see you
Hire mumbo to make you a sorting system
"Get good lol" the sequel
Things Iskall probably forgot: 1. all the shulker boxes put underneath the floor 2. his house made out of diamond ore in the industrial district 3. The landscaping job he got from Scar in the roadgames  Are we missing anything?
Hold up I just realized he is on his slow upload schedule so he can finish the canopy on time
did you spend 2-3 months just for finding a place to put a branhs?
did he get his base back?
I just woke up so it might be me, but that first clip in the tree really strained my eyes
14:39 "accindetically", he says. i love it.
Haloooooooooò
See y’all next year when he posts again !
Progress!
Nobody: Iskal: throw diamond gears into cactus
MUFFIN TIME!!!!!
So glad to see Iskall and Scar back on the server. They're two of my favorites and they've both been sick lately.
Sickscall :(
Watch etho u can learn a few things
There’s always somebody who needs to be the jiggest noob
RoCKETS, WoOD, MiSC, LaVA.... why this naming scheme? and why only some of the shulkers? the weird capitalization makes me want to put the stress at the end: ro-CKETS, wo-OD, la-VA, mi-SC
I love Iskall, but watching more than half episode of him cleaning junk was kinda difficult hahaha
I think the frame rate was too low? the video makes me a bit sick and it feels a bit choppy
YAY!!! Iskals on trending
I'm starting to think Iskall isn't uploading often so he doesn't have to finish the tree by EP. 100
you forgot the helmet... why do you not wear one?
Haha, ok here's Iskalls monthly vid, I guess that's a good way to make sure the tree will be finished before episode 100.  I'm joking BTW I know you have like vault hunters and maybe some other shit, it's entirely understandable.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
and this is how iskall keep postponing completing the big a*s tree XD
Welcome back, Iskall! Glad you're feeling better :)
welcome baaack!!!!
#43 ON TRENDING
Mega-Tree v2.0 needs emerald leaves
Am I the only one who was very annoyed that he’s been playing this world for a year and doesn’t have leggings or a helmet
Iskall: *says Corona * Youtube: *doesn't flag the video * Everyone: *surprise noises *
Please read 🙏🏻  For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son for whosoever believes in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life.  -For all have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. -For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus; -I am the way the truth and the life, no man comes to the Father but by Me.  -Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved. -For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.
Didn't he have a redstone shop? I've completely forgotten what happened to it.
"I am now examed in tridentese!"
We've missed you! Glad to hear you are enjoying your custom mod though!
R. E. D. S. T. O. N.
Sniffskall
I wouldn't worry about your Hermitcraft upload schedule. It's still far better than your Enigmatica 2 upload schedule.
1000 hours later and still nomega tree. Bring back plastic fantastic
Cub & Scar just build and make videos to show off their builds. No sweat. Iskall and Grain call their empty "builds" OMEGA and MEGA before even mining the resources to build them...
“I love running on dirt” is going to be an Oscar clip.
Iskall: "Time to get organized!" 100%!
You should build a  kids treehouse on one of the branches and make it look old like it was on the tree when it was younger.
Iskall that Mumbo Jumbo card is just the best! I was laughing so hard XD Glad to see you back in good health!
*You won't have have not completed the tree before episode 100 if you never make episode 100.*                   -iskall 2021
Did mumbo just gave spoiler of iskal industrial district in the latest ep ^^... Btw that diamond ore pile was looking fantastic^^
14:38 accidentically :D
Haha toasted....
mumbo found a brilliant way to farm palm trees
Just saw the thumbnail and it cant be Iskall, cause the person is wearing boots
Any school or college students watching here ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Where there always this many bots in the comments?
I am pretty sure that Iskall already forgot that he built a diamond ore house in the industrial district
Iskall! To stop being a noob, you should visit Etho's Aque Town shop, which sells pre-organized shulker boxes for all sorts of purposes!
I can just imagine iskall's hello in a dark hallway
Oo trending
the tree man the tree
We can't trust that moustache man 🤣
me watching the clip knowing Mumbo's two brain cells are freaking out , as we named them Mumbo and Jumbo
Good to see an Iskall Video in my sub feed! hope you're doing well y man!
Wow that FOV is throwing me off
dont worry about video plan just have fun
.
after looking at the thumbnail I thougth this was a collab with mumbo
You gotta get back on track man your channel was blowing up! If you stop you won’t be growing as fsst
You should go buy organized shulkers with all kinds of building blocks in them from ethos new store in aquatown
Iskall: *acts as if he's uploaded within the last 3 months* Nebody: :) Me: ;(
Iskall: im the biggest noob in hermitcraft ( lives in the tallest tree in minecraft)
Can we please get an update on Vault hunters ? People like me who don't absolutely go on twitch don't know whats happening at all, I would really love to see more edited youtube videos from that series as  you were uploading before .
Hey man take inspiration from the lion King mod go to the the lion King dimension and go to refikis tree it would give you some ideas
Master told us,  “Find your shortcomings, and do better. You are the hope of humankind. Get your act together and be like the North American Dafa disciples who do not shrink back in the face of difficulty. Do not be blocked by human constraints. Do not be cowed by the evil, because history has been kept for your sake.” (“To the Fa Conference in France,” Team Blue Translation)  I came to the realization that we have the responsibility to tell people why the plague happened, to wake them up to understand right and wrong, and to tell them that Falun Dafa saves lives. I realized that difficulties can only stop ordinary people, they cannot stop Dafa practitioners who are walking the path to divinity. I encouraged myself not to be constrained by the difficulties. I firmly believed that with Master’s help, I would overcome these difficulties.  I recalled a dream I’d had a long time ago, while I was illegally detained in a detention center. In the dream, I was walking through a desert. There was no road but I kept walking forward. Suddenly, a road to heaven appeared in front of me and a voice said, “Even if there is no road ahead, I will create one for you!” This dream encouraged me during many seemingly hopeless ups and downs! Every time I remembered that dream, I felt grateful for Master’s compassionate protection and encouragement; I stayed diligent. I firmly believe that as long as I have the desire to save lives, Master will help me—things that seem impossible can happen!
The man who got a million subscriber came back after 2 months of no grinding and no eposodes in youtube because captain sparklez is in his vault hunters now came back
At the current upload rate,  he won't break his promise of tree completion by episode 100... they'll be on season 8 by then
Does the time played include afk time?
I remember when you were getting 30k views in a day now it's 321k good job you are great
i really thought you left youtube.
And to think you had the nerve to challenge mumbo to git good.
Sorting my ender chest is actually one of my fav things to do in mc, idk why, just like to be organized and prepared for everything I guess.  1. I have a backup box with 5 picks (3 fortune, 2 silk), 3 shovels, 2 swords, 2 tridents, 2 bows, arrows, fishing rod, 2 sets of armor, 3 eltra, axe, hoe and flint n steel, think that's about it (all max enchanted). 2. Rocket box. 3. Food box, steak, pie, golden carrots, etc. 4. Tree box of every sapling and log type. 5. Farming box of all plants, cactus, sugar cane, lilly pads, coc beans, pumpkins, seeds, etc (and stack of dirt and sand to place them on). 6. Flower box. 7. Dye box. 8. Box full of dark oak logs. 9. 1-2 Boxes of redstone things. 10. Rich box, diamonds, lapas, redstone, gold, ghast tears, netherite, iron, stack of shulker shells and wood, etc. 11. Emerald block box. 12. couple extra with random crap 13. then a couple empty ones for carrying back loot.
Iskall is turning into Grian when it comes to the mess in his shulkers...
Hey iskall make a netherrite Helmet to be a non noob. You will also look insanely cool by wearing it.
48th trending pog
That FOV is nauciating.
I think u should go and check out mumbo's industrial district
Tbh, missed the HALLO out of you and your videos 😁 Happy your back!
20 episodes left
You know it’s nearing the end of the season when hermits make whole videos about making an organized ender chest
Welcome back Iskall glad u r feeling better
Why are you so funny?!!?! 10/10
Will he ever finish the tree?   Answer possible help from update delays
You may be the biggest noob in all of Hermitcraft, but we love that because it’s entertaining. Keep it up, Iskall! We love you!
Dang I was hoping he made an actual email for Mumbo Jumbinson
I think I found your twin iskall but I don't know how to add the picture here
As a former lumber Jack. It bothers my soul to hear you call those limbs branches. Happy your back and feeling better!
Didn't Iskall dump all his stuff underground because he didn't want to organize it? There's probably tons of useful stuff still under the floorboards
His plan for finishing the tree before episode 100 is by monthly uploads
11:53 video starts
It was interesting how your dirt branch matched your completed brand perfectly
Finally its been a month since the last episode
#theknowledgeable6000
When the world needed him most he returned  all hail the tree
Glad you feel better!
Iskall had to "Get Good Lol"
And now we wait another three weeks because season two of Vault Hunters is happening.
Omega tree VS flint and steel
No the bread got toasted Not. Roasted
Iskall uploads just as much as I actually listen to my sleep schedule
Whos that nooby man? Imagine that but with the Pokémon “Who’s that Pokémon?”
Iskall, you had a box with experience bottles, right? While I'm not 100% sure on how much you get from each one...shouldn't you have used them before you went to the gold/xp farm? And you also had 4 stacks of 64 emeralds...did you just not want to use it up since it was a Christmas present?
You are a braver man then me, starting trades with a high-end sword in hand.
#22 trending
Thanks for explaining what you’ve been doing, and I’m glad to hear you’re feeling much better. It’s great how you’re so honest with your viewers. I really appreciate all of your videos - Thanks!
#26 on Trending? Hmmm... Nice!
Didn't Grian sell backup boxes? Or did he stop?
Iskall is so busy
The reason iskall is only uploading once a month is because if he doesn't make it to episode 100 by the end of the season  *technically* he doesn't have to finish the omega tree
King of procrastinating
Dumb crap like this trending
Please, be happy with your sister's participation
Що це за кашка
Що це за кашка?ой кака
Yeet
Glad you are back.....missed your vids
this episode reminds me of Xisumas episode 299 lol
HELLO glad youre back, still a noob tho 😜😘
Hermits helping hermits should definitely help iskall finish his tree
To whomever is reading this -- no 🧢 -- I want to wish you the absolute best day/morning. Sending you good and positive energy and I hope you can pass this message along as well! Love and gratitude!!
What do you mean you're a noob?! You had 24 bamboo in your inventory. That's double the value of the 12 Mumbo gave you at the beginning of the season.
Thank goodness a new video it felt like a month since you last posted
When Iskall finishes his tree the block height will be raised lol
Iskall: Being a noob is bad Me: I felt that....
Iskall!! Mumbo won the Industrial district contest. Mumbo Finished His Industrial district
Get good lol
Number 18 on trending?
Go to orderlee ees
Hope you are well now. Stay Healthy!!!
Etho has a shop that is THIS episode hahaha, check out the organized shulker shop
Iskall seeing all of VintageBeef's work and hoping he'd stayed longer just for the decorations, is probably the most selfish thing that I've ever heard.....    AND I LOVE IT!!! 😂
Iskall seems to have forgotten NETHERITE is better than DIAMONDS
*Hallå*
The stone pickaxe  is when you were comparing the stone tools to the netherite tools
Hermits helping hermits should take this on as their next project.
O god protect iskall from covid
Iskall should play doom
Just look at grians organization skills and that will make you feel better about yours.
Now you just need to learn how to “riptide pearl”
Iskall should have just bought netherite armer from scars shop in aque town
ᶜᵃⁿ ᵃⁿʸᵒⁿᵉ ˢʰᵒʷ ˡᵒᵛᵉ ᵗᵒ ᵐʸ ᵛᶦᵈᵉᵒ ᴵ ᵈᶦᵈ ˢᵒ ᵐᵘᶜʰ ᵖᵘˢʰᵘᵖˢ 400 everyday
"Vault hunters is done, I will focus more on hermitcraft now" *proceeds to not upload in the foreseable month*
Am I the only one who thinks iskall took as long as a break as he did was so he wouldent have to work on the tree
Sorry but this really feels like a noob video. Why did you stop putting in music and good editing?
Iskall you don't need to apologise for being sick. . . Your health is way more important than a hermitcraft episode by miles, all i can say is staysafe and stay OMEGA healthy OF DOOM!!!
I thaught Iskall whas going to kill the villagers when he took out his sword
Next episode we branch     Branch out on our storage
One idea:- Take screenshot of the place and just draw a rough branch and then recreate that branch in the world.
Mumbo’s mustache is a gift to humanity, not HALLLLOOOOO.
The person who is reading this comment, I wish you great success, healt, love and happiness! ❤️
Iskall is slowly turning into Obi One Kenobi "well halloo there"
#9 trending not even gaming let's gooo
At this upload rate iskall wouldn't have to worry about having to rush with the branches. He'd still have 20 months to complete the omega tree 😅 Jokes aside, happy he's back
"I know some of you don't follow me on Twitter" That's because for some of us, there is never a good reason to create or own a Twitter account.  Twitter is about the equivalent to dumpster diving for a few shiny trinkets, and 99.9% of the time, all you end up with is someone else's trash.  Sorry, Iskall.  You may be one of the shiny trinkets, but I don't want to have to organize an entire mental ender chest every time I want to find it 😅
very Good! Give him or her more subscription, thank you
Iskal you can't be a nood by defenishen you are a porfesenoll minecraft player
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOB
I love that every time he opens a shulker the nametag instantly says Hello 11:02
Coulda just gone to Orderlee-e-e's
for some reason i thought he said ranch time at the start
We made #9 less gooooo
This reminds me of that episode of SpongeBob where he needs to write an essay and gets distracted by other 'Important' things haha
#9 on Trending Page! Congrats, Iskall!!
0:49, 1:21, 5:18, 9:36, 12:30, 18:02
This is officially the best episode, he got PANTS
Now that you’re back you should buy some land in aqua town!!
Top 10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. On the other hand, you have different fingers. 2. I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong. 3. Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way. 4. We have enough youth. How about a fountain of "Smart"? 5. A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 6. Don't steal. The government hates competition. 7. Life is too complicated in the morning. 8. Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep. 9. The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it. 10. The more people I meet, the more I like my dog.    Editorial:Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.Visit NeedGod.com.
First of all why the diamond Shovel, and why the 2 bones!
I've missed this
This video is the biggest side track ever
Iscal's FOV seems strange to me.
1:06 DIRT TREE!!!!!!!!!!!
Button already 1 year 😳
my youtube recommendations forgot you existed
Great job on getting on trending!
HALLO, Iskall, and welcome back!😊😊
Return of the king
Iskall: I am an absolute noob, I have a stone pick! His inventory: 4 shulker boxes, enchanted netherite tools, elytra, golden carrots and end rods.
iskall is the branch manager of hermitcraft
Pro youtube strat: turns out if you take a break from uploading for a month, you'll hit trending when you finally get a video out. Glad you're back Iskall!
Bruh he has more hours on hermit craft than I do on my most played steam game
ahem. HALOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I though you got hallo'ed into meatball island ( that's iskall for dead)
Ay! He’s back
We miss you iskall
this is the 11012th video of hermitcraft ever     PS please like it took me an hour to figure that out
And yet he still has no shovel XD
16:07 skyling.....
Even if your other content is not well received by the majority, just know that your loyal subscribers will always be here to watch future uploads
It's okay if you're feeling burnt out on hermitcraft
Wadzee for hermit craft s8
THE BREAD GOT ROASTED AND TOASTED
Please start uploading videos  every week now!!!!!!
Iskall said hes gonna finish the tree before episode 100 but i know his plan hes just gonna upload once every 3 months so the hermitcraft season 7 will end before he gets to episode 100
MY BROTHER!!!!!!!!! BIGGESTNOOB
Per episode he plays round about 12 hours on the server... That's quite a bit!
"most" of the people : redstone ISKALL85 : REDSTON
Starting of the season: Mumbo seeking advice on how to be a pro from iskall  Now: Iskall: i am a noob
You should make some jumbo son merch
You should mail a few of those cards to every hermit  And say to call him in case of red stone quesries
DIRT + COUSE DIRT = PATH the shulkerbox wasnt ussless dude it just had no items in it
Iskall said he wants to finish his tree by episode 100, but unless Xisuma waits untill the full Caves and Cliffs update in Decemeber, I wonder if Iskall is even gonna make it to episode 100
17:52 😭😭
Just send him his business cards anyway😂😂 that's like genius. You're the most genius person (of doom) 😂😂😂
https://youtube.com/watch?v=AulKPjrSuqo&feature=shareTap on a clip to paste it in the text box.Welcome to Gboard clipboard, any text you copy will be saved here.
The demise has really helped Iskall to survive long
Iskall  Only 20 episodes remaining Finish the base quick and stop adding more branches for you to do
The real reason he post so rarely is because if he never getss to episode 100 he never needs to finish the tree
3:37 that hurts im not a noob
Well you’re never on the server. But you’re on the server more than Welksknight.
Mubmo is best Stoner...Red one ofc
Iskall: that's a stonks moment  Grian: are you sure about that??
Number 8 trending!!! (OoO)
unpopular opinion:  iskall's diamond leggings looks so much better and he should have kept them
i don't do Twitter  and if you need a break then you need a break and i hoop you feel much better  love your video's
I Hope you are doing Good Iskall❤️  Believe me when I say it! Missed You Omega Much!.... Really really Was missing your episodes!
Legands say, that the 100. episode with finishing the tree comes after the ending of the season.
Iskall, do you have a name for your tree? Other than Omega Tree :) If not, you could call it the Omegasil (For those who do not know, i combined Omega and Yggdrassil) :D
Hallo
You think you click baited me by the thumbnail and title, but jokes on you cuz you could have a blacked out thumbnail and the title saying boring video, and I'd still click on cuz I love your hermitcraft videos
Hallolujeh, he's back!
glad you got through your illness okay.
The only sadge part of iskall not posting on yt is maybe some algorith troubles. The plus side is vh/vh2 over on twich PogU
Don't forget about that bunch of stuff you stashed under some part of your floor! Unless I am forgetting a part of an episode where you took that stuff out already?
4:30 #distraction lol
The last time you uploaded Hermitcraft my country wasn't on fire and my Dad was still alive.
ISKALL 8 ON TRENDING POG
Yaaaay
nah i will just wait....
iskall is just as bad about finishing the omega tree as grian is about doing the back of his mansion.
Wow, #8 on the general trending page!! Gg Iskall <3
So funny 😂
So  glad you are feeling better!
Please can you meet with mumbo in Pacific next episode to talk?
Ur return is trending lez go
Iskall: "Turns out, I'm completely out of emeralds..." The "Merry Christmas" shulker box:
When do you gonna finish youre omega tree of doom iskall?
Iskall: Was I going to go mining with an unenchanted stone pickaxe? Me: No, that would be silly, you enchant the stone pickaxe first.
I'm like 90% sure hermit crafts biggest noob is mumbo
I'm supper happy, that You are back ;)
Drags the episode on way to long doing nothing to make it 20 min
So greedy for money only does vault huntwrs
Islam  The Complete Religion   A-The Islamic Creed and Beliefs  Islam is the path to pleasing God and for salvation in the next life, for Islam is the clear  and final message that God conveyed to humanity.  1-Islam is to believe in One Lord: Allah the Most High, the Living, the Most Great, the most Merciful. Allah has no equals and nothing is like Him. Allah was not birthed and did not birth, and the entire world is under His power and dominion.  2-Islam is to believe in the existence of Angels, peace be with them.  3-Islam is to believe in all the Messengers and Prophets like Abraham, Moses, and Jesus, peace be with them.  4-Islam is to believe in all the divinely-inspired books that these Messengers and Prophets received. The Qur’an is Islam’s eternal miracle which God promised to preserve. As a result of that, all Muslims, young and old, read the same Qur’anic text worldwide, without the slightest variation even in a single letter.  5-Islam is to believe in the Last Day, when people will be brought back to life.  6-Islam is also to believe that all the good and bad that come is part of what Allah has destined.  B-Islamic Practice  Islam calls for the best in actions and deeds, reflecting the fulfillment of complete servitude and obedience to God and the refinement of human nature.  1-You accept Islam by saying the testimony: I bear witness that there is no one worthy of worship except Allah and I bear witness that Muhammad is His slave and messenger.  2-You perform five daily prayers, with the necessary physical cleanliness and ablution. 3-You pay the annual Zakah, which is a small charity given to the poor and needy.  4-You fast the days of the month of Ramadan every year.  5-And if you are able to, you travel on pilgrimage to Makkah once in your life time.  C-Principles that Islam Establishes  1-Islam and the Liberation of the Mind  True belief in God is consistent with reason, while also inconsistent with polytheistic beliefs and the worshipping of idols, statues, the stars, and the devils and all that is connected to them such as witchcraft, fortune-telling, and other harmful acts. And though the Qur’an is a book of guidance, it also contains miraculous insights and information about the universe, astronomy, embryology, mountains, and various other creations. Islam opened the doors wide for scientific advancement and the Arabs moved soon after accepting Islam to create the biggest and leading civilization in the world. They only retreated from such advanced positions when they let go of much of their religion.  2-Islam and Human Advancement  Islam commands the preservation of the five human essentials: religion, life, the mind, honor, and wealth. With these protected, the Muslim can live a peaceful life, working for this life and the one to come after death, and the Muslim community lives like a solid block, connected and supportive of its members. This can only happen when these five essentials are protected from harm. Islam also promoted advancements in several aspects of human life. There is no difference between people of different races and colors except though piety. Islam even called for the good treatment of non-Muslims whoever they may be, for there is reward in the good that we do to any living being. Islam also calls on us to be merciful with the weak and kind to women, children, and the elderly. As for women, Islam gave them their complete rights, including the ownership of property and inheritance, and prohibited their ill-treatment. Women also keep their surnames after marriage in Islam. Islam also encouraged the freedom of slaves and combatted illegitimate slavery.  3-Islam is a Living Religion:  Islam is a living religion that promotes optimism and action and shuns pessimism and lethargy. Islam also establishes balance in human life and fulfills human desires while restraining their excesses. So while Islam forbids unrestrained sexual permissiveness it recommends marriage and family life. And when Islam forbids usury it opens the doors wide for charity and easy loans as well as commerce and trade. Islam also recommends athleticism like back horse riding and swimming.  You can verify all of this information by reviewing any accurate translation of the Qur’an.  English Translation of the Qur’an  http://www.islamhouse.com/p/78593
I know a few people who consider bread to be a richity.
Danger covid alert
Congrats on getting to #8 on Trending!!! 🎉🎊🎈
Yay iskalls back!!;
Don't worry about updating us on Twitter, whether you need to get better from an illness or finish off Vault Hunters, just take your time. We'll wait forever for another hallo :)
20:27 there was no BWAP 😢
Pacific HQ in aque?
Finaly some HERMITCRAFT!!!
I love seeing the people I'm subscribed to making it so high up on Trending!
Guess who's back back again say his back tell a friend
Bro iskall my man it’s ok you can take as many breaks as you want and I your viewers will be fine
Why does he stop uploading after two weeks
That's good it was not corona
hallo. glad you are back
Welcome back Iskall :3
Iskall On Stream : Vault Hunter SMP 2 Iskall In His Mind : HERMITCRAFT !!!!.. (Season-6) My Mind : 👀😖😖😖😖😵😵😵😵😵😷
Message Stanley9060 #3483 on discord if you want to join a hermit craft like a server with a decent-sized community, looking for experienced longterm Minecraft players
iskall’s title in pacific should be “Branch Manager”
take care bro
What's wrong with your field of view?
Watching this instead of studying for my calculus test tomorrow. Priorities
At last he is back
#8 on trending wow 👏
“I think I’m the biggest noob on the server” *cough* Welsnight *cough*
Great to see you back, you have been missed.  P.S. where is Stress??
Glad you're feeling better @iskall85. We've missed ya.... NOOB!
I’m glad you’re back and feeling well!  You have been missed and I’m just really glad to see that you’re back and okay ♥️
iskall really said "damn bitch, I live like this?"
he burned all the 62 bread
YOUR TREANDING
The video most definitely should have been called "Getting good"  Great video islkall
Iskall: builds a giant tree and worries about the build hight Mojang: were gonna add 64 more blocks to the hight. Me: lmao
who enchants a flint and steel
Iskall: I will finish the omegatree before episode 100. Also Iskall: Doesen’t upload any episodes.
im so happy your uploading again i missed your commentary personality i wish you would post stuff like rl craft or finish some of the modded minecraft vods or whatever
#7 trending in the U.S. omg let’s gooo
Iskall back but missing vaults bro😂😭
Who else thinks this is the best channel Like if u agree 👇👇
You never have to finish the Omega tree if you never get to episode 100
How about in the next hermit help hermit they work on iskall's tree
Welcome back! Your voice over in Mumbo's video was hysterical.. what a bully he is, right!? Can't wait to see the tree canopy fill up.. I'm sure you've been dreading it almost as much as Grian has been dreading the back of the mansion, but even that has made progress! You can do it. :)    P.S. Also, it never hurts to ask for help. Hermits helping hermits is a viable path to success.
Accept Jesus today before it’s to late, before the 7 years of the great tribulation! You are going to go insane, your not going to want to be here for it, I promise you.  Accept Jesus today before it’s to late, accept Him today.  Believe that he died for your sins was raise from the dead and you will be forgiven of all your sins.  You will be gifted the gift of eternal life in heaven.  Come now before it’s to late.  Brothers and sisters you know the score.  You know what’s coming you know whats happening.  Jesus is coming soon!  He’s coming with great glory and nothing is going to stop him, nothing. I don’t want anybody to perish, I don’t want anybody to be here during His wrath, I don’t want you to go through it.  I am saying this through love, I’m saying this because I love you dearly, I’m not saying this to condemn you, I’m trying to give you hope, grasp it, take hold of it and accept you are a sinner, you know you are!  Accept that you are a sinner and believe that Jesus is the Lord God Almighty, that He became a man by His own will, He became flesh walked on this earth and lived a perfect life fulfilling all the laws so you don’t have to.  He died on the cross after receiving the most heinous horrible punishment and man could face.  He died on the cross, shed his precious blood so that you could be forgiven by the shedding of His blood, the Bible says for without the shedding of blood there is no remission for sin.  His blood has been shed for remission for all sin, Believe it today!  That he was buried and on the third day was raised from the dead, and you will be forgiven you will be granted everlasting life and you will be raptured with the rest of the church, you won’t be left behind.    All those who trust in their own works to keep them safe, well I’m going to be a good person the whole of my life and then I’m going to get into heaven, wrong I’m sorry but it’s wrong, nobody is good, nobody, not one person on this earth is good.  For if you confess the lord Jesus with your mouth you will be saved, for it is written that heart that man believes unto righteousness but with the mouth the confession is made unto salvation.  Confession is saying that you are a sinner that you believe Jesus is the living Son of God, the only Begotten Son of God, the sacrificial lamb of God.  That is what saves you brother and sisters, ladies and gentleman, Catholics, Protestants, whatever religion you are come out of her my children that is what the lord is saying.  Come out of her and come to me.  Repent means change your mind, turn away from the world and come back to him and he will wrap his arm around you, and love you no matter what you do.  He is ready to forgive you, you just have to accept it, the gift is there, just unwrap it and wear it, like a dress or a fresh new new suit.  Wear it, own it, believe and receive.   Get out there and tell the world, even if it’s a 30 second video about Jesus coming back, it doesn’t matter what form or format you use, get out there now and preach the gospel, get out there now and plant as many seeds as you can water as many seeds as you can.  Preach the gospel today with passion now, Gods anger is kindled against Israel, against the world!  He is coming soon!  The Lord bless you, the Lord bless you  And keep, and keep you The Lord make his face to shine and be gracious unto you And be gracious unto you The Lord lift up, the Lord lift up, his countenance on you and give you peace. Shalom
Glad you're back and feeling better :)
20 episodes you can do it!
Iskall: The Branch Manager (of DOOM)
Iskall: I'm such a noob, look at these shulker boxes Scar: WDYM? it's perfectly sorted.
Mumbos address confirmed?
Have you been back to your desert bunker yet to get your diamonds?
On trending awesome
FOV killin me in this one my head is gonna explode
This reminds me of Mumbo's mid-life crisis from last season
I wasn't notified of this episode, so commenting for the algorithm gods
11 on trending
You can go to the quwewe town to go and buy some shullker box from Etho. He sells an enderchest kit there HAHAHAHHAH
TRENDING!
Iskall: A stack of diamonds! Grian: Ah nothing
I know a lot has happened for both of you guys, but I’m hoping pacific gets finished soon! Honestly I was starting to forget about it and it’d be really cool to see it finished soon!
stonks moment
https://youtu.be/EeYeOOQi2pg
Branchless noob? 😂
iskalls favourite type of mining is branch mining
iskall u still dont have a shovel in ur inv :)
HALLOOOO
Corona
He organized his inventory and shulkers but at the end he had rotten flesh In his hands
Can't believe you didn't say 'The bread got Toasted'   So disappointed *shakes head*
honestly this tree has kinda made your series very boring compared to other hermits
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen!
Iskall: Sorry for the bad upload schedule Me, a viewer who also watches Technoblade: Sir you have no idea, take as long as a break you need.
Is all plz post more ur losing views:((
https://youtu.be/OTWupboFgOQ
It'll be a shame that you have to leave hermit craft forever when you don't finish your tree in time. We'll miss you.
Hallo!  Missed you noob ♥️♥️
It's a shame you aren't part of the 3rd Life series. Grian's new desert castle is just calling out for a Bumbo-fication
Iskall and netherite trousers is just so wrong
Love to see you back at it! Glad you're feeling better too
I understand how difficult it is to plan something similar to the branch as I have been building a mountain in my MC world that I have rebuilt three times now with this being the third time currently. Also it might be a good idea to build your own storage system other than that small chest room. I have a similar storage to that but I think it looks better....sry
iskall finally got good lol
welcome back buddy
I love how mumbo and iskall are negotiating the setup for Pacific without seeing each other.
Iskall's time to 'Get Good'
ive been playing Feynx Rising , the voice actor who plays Fenyx reminds me of Iskall.
Glad you got better
ISKALL! AMAZING NEWS!  You can get rid of diorite... by making it granite!!!! somehow diorite + quartz = granite
11th on trending!!!!!!!
Glad you are feeling better dude!!!! :) <3
you should get a golden apple then make a chip eating it (every time I join your streams I ask you to eat god apple)
Iskall needs some “hermits helping hermits”
The three horsemen of unorganization   Scar: I have chestmonster   Iskal: halloo I am hc noob  Grian: I have more diamonds than I need
Omg I’m so happy!!! He is back!
Iskall! We are so happy to have you back, you don't even know! :D!!
all it takes is one durability on a flint and steel
Iskall hadn't uploaded in so long I actually forgot he existed
Iskall Do you mind adding S7 EP 73 - 80 to the Season 7 playlist, i almost missed out on them because they weren't included.
end of the season is near and yet the three and the pacific is not done yet
Iskall: Has unorganised shulker boxes. *Unacceptable
Isn’t there 17 the 16 dyes and one undyed  also there should be 27 different colours so you can put them in a ender chest  Maybe have it so you can add banners to them
He lives
"So much has happened on the hermitcraft server." Me: "You mean other than you lagging even more when you go to the ever expanding shopping district?"
When you write Redstone wrong
So this is how Iskall will get his tree done before episode 100. He's gonna leave weeks between every episode to give him extra time.
You got on trending, nice.
guess who’s back, back again
You're trending
Imagine a murderer with an ice pick breaking into your room and screaming *H A L L O!!!*
yeeeeeeeeee
The intro is like when your boyfriend doesn't text you for a week and then just calls and proceeds like nothing happened all nonchalant  😂😂
Awww yeah
Glad you're feeling better! Me and my girlfriend are always happy to see one of your videos come out :D
Gigantic lack of videos, but that's fine. Glad your okay Iskall!
To everyone reading this: I don’t know what happens in your life, but don’t be hard on yourself; love never hurts someone but a wrong person does. Don’t be sad. Stay smile. Don’t allow wrong people to ruin your life. Go ahead. These fluctuations are the part of life!
I was litterally thinking about you minutes before finding this vid!
So glad you are feeling better and are back! :)
welcome back!!!
I mean, I don't want to rub it in Iskall, but I'm on episode 14 of my own series,  and already have a fully organized ender chest system (of doom) 👀
It took me two minutes of video to realize that he returned
Honestly the tree not going to look good, the branches aren't meant to all come out of the same level. Even if he has some growing up it down, it still going to look really weird.
wai noo fault hanters???  jk
what happened to iskall
Mumbo: Gets Gud 10 episodes in Iskall: Gets Gud 80 episodes in
Iskall takes so long to upload new videos so he has more time to work on the tree
Mate it's already compacted
HES RETURNED ive watched every episode of hermit craft from you sense the beginning of the season i don’t know why it so addicted to all your content but i wish i could support iskall85 we all love you
Iskall: Hallooooo! Me: where the heck have you been?? Lol
@15:50 throughout this whole segment of the video, I've just been endlessly low level laughing at the memory of that voice over xD
HES RETURNED
Subtitle for this episode: "I don't want to work on the tree so I am inventing crises to solve."  Love you, Iskall, but I see you.
Hey maybe you should buy some property in Aquee town from Scar and make a Pacific  HQ full of pool floaties. Every floor a pool with floats
https://bestnewshere.com/the-covid-vaxxed-must-be-quarantined-expert-consensus/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HFFA_7KyuOA
You should have gotten riptide :(
Welcome back. There's diorite to burn!!
Dude, just finish your tree!! (Just saw you were sick, hope you are feeling better)
huh, 10th in trending...
Finally ✌️
✓ Organize inventory. ✓ Make backup gear. ✓ Voiceover other YT videos. ✓ Make videos for other series. ✓ Get covid. ✓ Do literally anything to keep from working on Omega Tree.
0:00 uhhh 4 20 OH yea branch time isnt that what i said? ._.
what if a single bolt of lightning struck the leaves and burn down the whole tree
If you give blood (at least in the US) they test your blood for covid... lets you know if you had it plus they can use your blood to help people if you have the antibodies.
Great to see you back! The good old HALLO was missed!! Also what episode of HC did mumbo use him for a voice over?
Hey iskall pls do vault hunter streams in time like vh 1 pls do this bcs usually I can't see them bcs sleep ing time pls ppl like this so iskall can see it.HALLO🙏
I just saw your video pop up in my youtube feed and I stopped everything and I am currently watching ur video
Me at the start of the video: wooo hoo a new branch!  Me at the end of the video:  .....  Buttt... you promised!!!!
Welcome back Iskall
Hope you are feeling well, we all know life can suck sometimes, but taking the time to rest up means there are more videos that are made for us to enjoy in the future, the last thing we would want is for you to push yourself when you shouldn't and end up not being around to post the next video.
U saved my life bruh
its been a while, glad your back
Bruh he lost subscribers. Yesterday he had 1.52 Million
I appreciate your spelling of colour with the U, nice
If he uploads once a week after this, 20 episodes will be 5 months. Episode 100 would be in October.
How many more eps does he have to finish
Required shulker boxes, stone, wood, glass, gravity block(sand or gravel), plant box, mob drops, food, rockets, villager trading box, redstone, valuables, EDC-1(tools), EDC-2(items),
6:55  NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  NOT DA BREAD!!  give it back un- burn the bread no pls for me for da bread
That looks like the fairy forest from the seven deadly sins
maybe you can buy or learn from the boxes from etho, he has an epic storage system with his shulkerboxes in his enderchest... and also an automated refiller :D
17 colors choices
Not gonna lie. Almost forgot you existed
Return of the king
Revealing stats always gets me thinking so I did a quick calculation as to the amount of effort averaged in world per episode it's about 12 hours which is amazing dedication for our entertainment
Lovin this series and s2 VH
You should split that branch to go under the other branch and get canopy cover on both sides. Tree branches don't exactly stay out of each other's way
It’s so heartwarming hearing Iskall say he loves Mumbo and he’s one of his best friends... even though Mumbo put Iskall through so much pain.
4:40 Procrastination 101 with Iskall
Eat your cereal
What about the soccer boxes in the floor of your truth in the chest <3
Reminder that you have 20 more episodes to finish the entire tree, episode 100 or quit hermitcraft your words not mine.
At this point half of Iskalls vids are typing on signs 😂
Iskall started leafing the tree a year ago, still going lol. OMEGA project.
Woohoooo
Well, for Mumbos voice over episode (the one you did), the first part was narrated by Grian (which had Mumbo create a vault) and it had him create the code, so plan a heist with Grian & Rendog to take some of his diamonds (not all of them)
being a noob... is bad
I'm just imagining someone showing up while iskall is offline and building a  branch for him to help out... and using birch wood
Why did it take so long for this video?
only Iskall can make me laugh when I look at a dirt arc :)
Just comes back like he was always here
Iskall... I know this sounds weird but can you reply to this comment and say "shudup Finn". Thankyou very much and I love your videos
Iskall forgetting about his dozens of stashed shulkers
ive been in the hospital for a few days, and your videos cheer me up :D
Go check organized boxes in ethos shop in aqua town. Might inspire you to what put in your enderchest.
iskall: has tons of work to do on the tree.  also iskall: I'm gonna spend many hours organizing shulker boxes, creating a new backup box, organizing ender chest, etc.
HALLO  Best return EVER
Welcome back Iskall-Man! Hope you are feeling better. Quick question; Will you be joining the entrance of the Omega Tree (of doom) to the roadworks of Keralis City?
Can we talk about his 900+ hours in Minecraft I only have 1000 over my entire lifetime... WHAT!
FOV is terrible
Return of the king
I'm glad you fell good now
Visit ethos new shop
Oh those pheasants using a STONE PICKAXE
The fact that he's burning bread in front of villagers who probably haven't eaten in months
If Scar did this, it would be a series
Good video! 👍🏻 We’ll see you next month
Sooo, we are gonna start seeing 12 videos a year now? I don’t mean to be that guy just curious. I get that you can play what you want and as of right now that might be vault hunters. That said your YouTube is looking a bit empty nowadays :(
I really missed his voice 😢
Missed you glad your okay now!
somebody doesn't know how scar organizes his things...
Stop leaving:( miss you
Says he's not a noob, ends episode holding rotting meat...
Yaaaaaaay iskall man!
Everytime Isklall says of doom I think of invader zim
leave the bread in the richities box
Iskall water your tree or else it dies
Predicting the title of the second to last episode of the season: "Pacific grand opening"
Hope your well and feel better but pleaseeeeeee finish the tree I can't wait to see what it looks like
The bunker is so safe that Impulse forgot where it is...
How old is the hermitcraft world in minecraft days?
No way!! Back on Hermitcraft. Missed you bro. Glad your back
Why didnt you just take a covid-19 test lol
ATTENTION COMPUTER VIEWERS: press 3 its worth it
If iskall ever makes a mine he should do it under his tree... That way he can have a branch mine
Aaah Iskall, feels good to hear your voice again :]
The Scar experience
@Iskall85 i think that you should call yourself branch manager of the “hermitcraft tree department”
H a l l o o o o o Best word ever spoken
Get Well Soon Dude!
He back
This is the first time that any Hermit has acknowledged the Virus That Shall Not Be Named.           Please don't start now.
Since hermit craft started I have completed college, made friends, got baptized, and started a new job.   Ignoring stay at home orders and covid, what have you accomplished since hermit craft started a year ago?
Welcome back Iskall
Iskall: Buys pants  Literally everyone ever: NOOOOOOO!
Maybe hermits helping hermits can get you some help finishing?
11:05 my diamonds are in the vault  Iskalls diamond ore building at his industrial district be like -_-
Wish you knew about ethos shop
GET A Rocket Box!!!
Iskallman! Please get yourself tested for COVID! I am begging you!
Iskall getting good is just what I needed today. Also HALLO!
if messiness means your a noob scar is the biggest noob lol!!
Everyone needs cake in the redstone box.
Finally! Iskall, I was wondering if you had quit the server for a moment.
Will there be more vault hunters episodes?
Iskall have you forgot about the 10000 diamond goal?
I’mnglad that you’re feeling well again! It sounds like you had the ronas though.
Please mine the industrial district diamonds
hey iskall, i’m glad you’re back; i know you’ve committed on finishing the tree but if you feel that the scale is too big and don’t feel like continuing it’s ok to take a step back and start different projects, it’s a project that you started over a year ago and the completion is just repetitive branching and leafing, it’s completely understandable if you decide to put it aside and start something fresh. Good luck 😉
COVID? Dude! Get tested! And glad youre okay, we missed you.
I mean, in regards to the red stone at pacific, Mumbo has a working prototype at the pacific lab at his base
20 episodes ti finish the omegatree
I was about to be like Iskall... there’s 17 shulker boxe colors... forgot Java doesn’t have a purple shulker box...
You might want to hire a _branch manager_ to build the rest of the tree because you can't seem to find the time
Ahhh, is it just me that Missed Iskall this much
It's been 4 weeks
I wish you could remove the names from shulker boxes
Iskall is secretly been in the shower crying about not being invited to 3rd life          (It’s a joke)
I feel like the last part of the vid was just Iskall not wanting to build a branch
Good to have you back, Iskall! Glad you're well :)
You did gradumatate!!! <3 I like you just as you are. You help people to smile. Hope your well now!
what this is not valt hunter?!
The noob, the spoon and the derp
this series is feeling stagnant to me. it feels like nothing has actually happened for 20 episodes when compared to let's say scar.
don't apologize, every video is a gift.
Iskall, cant believe you did not change the name of the "new and improved redstone" box ...
isknoob, mumbo finished his industrial district when are you going to finish yours.
Ngl, I was waiting to see some doirite in one of his shulkers
I haven't lost all my stuff on my servet for 50 hours, that's my best
17:49 Imagine going to Minecon looking how to do redstone and Mumbo came up and gave one of those cards
As a tree surgeon should I tell is iskall that trees also have secondary and tertiary canopies aka layers of foliage further into the tree... nahhhh
I’m always at 15 FPS on my Lenovo laptop
im a simple man i see iskalls uploaded  i grab coffee make a bowl of pizza rolls and finish my day at work thank you good sir
Iskall got a headache from Corona? Maybe he should not have drank so much of it!
all your diamonds are NOT safe... your MEGA flex is still in your industrial district..
iskall has been gone for a month and the third thing he said was BRANCHES lmao
Only 20 episodes......
HES BACK
Iskall gone for 4 weeks Comes back were making a branch!!!!
I feel bad for beef, he added a bunch of cool stuff to your base and all you did was vandalize his
This is unrelated but is anyones tiktok account showing up that they have 0 followers
Never gonna get this tree done Never gonna make this treee Never gonna (ok that's as far as I can go please find lyric)
When Iskall realizes Etho sells organized full Shuler boxes and he could of just bought everything...
YEAAAA BRANCH TIME
Redstone Omega Genius of DOOM. -->👨🏻
If iskall has a plan be sure that it is not even going to start in that episode😅😅
20 episodes until 100 and the tree must be finished. 🌲🌳🌴
Do you think usually going to ever look for his chest he hid under the tree
The bread was a pun no?
You should do a big dome made of leaves on top of of omega tree
I first click on like. Then I click play. No regrets.
I was about to eat and I thought "it'd be nice if there was a new Iskall episode to eat to" and bam :D
EYYYY UR BACK
17:35 Redston?
HERMIT CHAllenges!!!
Next season you should do a................ BRANCH MINE base lol... make it a tree-looking mine where the branches are hollow...
You could always get the other Hermits involved in helping to build the branches during some group Livestream event.
So you decide to upload again? Lol
Lenin would have loved your richities shulkerbox
Always here to watch each and every one of your vids Iskall!
get good lol
Thank you for the episode.
iskall the redstone IS the shop
I learned that there is a tree that die, and live again just like iskalls youtube channel
Good to hear you are better now.
Happy that he’s back in Hermitcraft!
welcome back!
When I saw this episode in my feed. I expected I missed a few episodes because I couldn't remember when you last uploaded.  Turns out I never missed a single episode. I hope you do good Iskal. Please don't stress out.   Ps. Maybe you want to take a look at aqua town and ask Scar for a plot to do a building.
he doesn't even have a storage system!? Noob confirmed
I think Iskall and mumbo together are the only ppl that could actually finish off the current "prison wars" by making an ACTUAL inescapable prison.
When we needed him most, he returned
Oooo yeah he's back! Missed your hermitcraft but also enjoy the vault hunter series <3
Iskall: "Ohh, I am so unorganised"  Scar: "I don't know what is he talking about"
4:47 those must be some high quality laff loafs
8 videos in a row, no work on the tree. You might as well ask X to turn on fire tick and just burn it at this point, you're never going to finish it, and you're never going to get 10k diamonds. You've missed so much time, and spent the time you were on messing around. Why set those goals and just give up on them? TFC has accomplished more of what he set out to do than Iskall has lol.
The Legend has returned!
I haven't watched the video yet, but I can 100% tell that the Hermitcraft's biggest noob is going to be Iskall85. omegalul
You should check out Etho's store in Aque Town!  He sells pre-organized boxes, like ready to go redstone boxes and such.  Perfect to help not be a noob!  Just might want to be recording when you go to buy anything
Thats some rich bread
Sooooo long
Long time no see
You should just build a dome of leaves and do branches later
the stone pick was a paid actor
Your calculations are NEVER CORRECT
I can't wait for episode 99: HERMITCRAFTS BIGGEST PROCRASTINATOR
this is why Etho made his shop
Can I send you some tracks to use in your video? I think you could do with some cool timelapse music
Next hermitcraft should be modded!
80 episodes in I realized iskall is incorporating crown shyness to the branches of the canopy
Iskall: removes the main portion of the build that connects to the shop Also iskall: he can do it
Its been months
You should put ender chest inside of your ender chest, just in case you needed one.
Next seas iskal just builds a massive palm tree and mumbo comes along and says "sorry mate, this area is reserved for redstone" (so his entire base would need to be torn down)
Go to Ethos store in aqua town to get organized
PUT A PIG IN YOUR OMEGA TREE AND NAME IT FERNANDO!!!!!!PLEASE I NEED THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finally he posted
20 episodes left to finish the tree
Hi Iskall, please admit to yourself, that the tree was a stupid idea and stop with the branches & leafage. I fell like noone enjoys it - not you, nor the viewers. They just want it to be over and are happy about big progress updates, but no one likes to watch the progress happen and you don't enjoy doing it either. So I vote for leaving the tree as is and doing other fun stuff!
Hermitcraft literally so rich they use emeralds as signs for prices
Iskall: I will start the next video right after lunch A month later: 👁👄👁 Jk of course love u great video!
I can't believe that iskall hasn't had his 100th episode yet but xisuma is almost at 1000 episodes.
Iskall! Maybe you could use Hermits Helping Hermits to help with making the omega tree's branches?
Iskall has exactly 20 episodes to finish his tree canopy. I hope he makes it before episode 100!
Hallo iskall! If u ever feel useless, because u didn’t organise ur ender chest, think about the chest monsters Grian and scar create! I think if u can call someone a noob for not organising stuff in Minecraft, Grian and scar would be the biggest noobs on earth! Except they aren’t of course I mean look at how nice they both are, and so are YOU my friend! You are soo incredibly different from ANY other youtuber just because you are you! I love to watch ur vids. They are happy and joyful and I gotta love that voice tho. Ur vids are kinda cringe but in the best way possible! (That means in a verryyy good way) keep going maybe u don’t always have the inspiration u need for an episode but that’s okay I will wait for all ur vids and always watch ‘em when I can!
Hallo
I got banned from Twitter for speaking my mind
we can wait on videos,the imported thing is your health Iskall.glad your feeling better now
Iskall: *is worried he won't get the tree done by episode 100 Also Iskall: *doesn't make episode 80 for 3 weeks  oh yea, it's big brain time!    Hoping you feel better! I'm glad you're back.
i think he forgot about hid machine in his bedroom in the tree thta equips him full armour and elytra and tools
Iskall you made the bridge
Iskall! Please extend your tree trunk before adding new branches! You're getting a very weird look with all the current branches starting at the same ring!
Iskall u should asl the hermits to do a HHH (hermits help hermits) weekend and help u finish the tree
He’s back yay
I MISSED YOU!
Glad you feel better!
Welcome back!
Where did iskall go before though
I was looking at your channel yesterday seeing if you'd uploaded anything recently (I thought I might have missed it), turns out that you didn't.... I get up - Iskall video! Woot. :)  Glad to hear that you're feeling better! :)  "Hallo" is always the most important item on any list. Always.
Glad you're feeling better. My family loves watching your videos
Iskall, put channeling on your trident!
HCBBS=Hermit Craft  Big Branche System
He’s a vibe  He’s alive He’s iskall85!
Has Iskall been to Aque Town
Vad har hänt med dig varför har du inte lagt upp en video på typ 3 månader? Är du ok?
Redston genius
He says he’s out of emeralds but he has 4 stacks in his Christmas box from Cub
10:25 since you have room, I always like to keep cobblestone, stone, wood (logs), and iron so I have all the basic crafting ingredients too. Nothing is worse than being short 2 pistons and not having the crafting materials close by.  Edit: To be fair, you have all of those in your e-chest. Carry on.
You should try to get the Hermits Helping Hermits stream to help with the branches
Duuuude, drop the branching - the tree is already amazing and awesome! Don't let it burn you out! :) <3
You say you have no emeralds when the Christmas box gave you 4 stacks
If you throw your trident and fill your inventory before it returns it will circle above your head
I missed his episodes so much so now it feels little weird watching him using that FoW Something liiks wrong
the INFJ in me is so excited watching a video about organisation! this is my jam! thanks Iskall!
iskall if you have riptide on your trident you can go in water and launch yourself
Definition of iskall is procrastination...😂😂
Iskall, you can buy organized shulker boxes with useful things in them if you buy them at Order-Lee E’s. (In Aque Town).
I want to see his face when he finds out about mumbos industrial district
I wonder how slightly different colored "clouds" would look in the sunset ceiling.
The almighty Iskall has returned...                           hopefully
one block= BANCH
Iskall - Fixes his ender chest to make sure he doesn't have lots of random items in his inventory  Also Iskall - Has a stack of polished andersite in his hotbar while recording the clip of how he has fixed his ender chest and inventory
HE'S BACK!!!!
its my lil sis,s birthday
11:20 Me who played a Minecraft world for 2 days: “LOOK GUYS!!!! I FOUND STONE!!!”
iskall be really doing all the side quests before the main one lmao
only 20 episodes left till the tree has to be finished
Welcome back! Glad to hear you're healthy now. Missed your videos! <3
Iskall: OH MY GOD! What a noob! I'm so disorganized!!!  Scar: firs time here?        Ps: not hatin' I looooove you
Glad you made a full recovery Iskall 😁
He’s back
Iskall owns 7 shulkerboxes of oak this is enough for probebly one branch
He really could have just gone to etho's shop and saved himself a ton us time 😔
When iskall brought out that stone pickaxe, for some reason I got a huge wave of nostalgia that brought me right back to my first days of Minecraft in 2015. Wow. 🤯      Also F in chat for those good ol days.
iskall should use the hermits helping hermits  to finish his tree
Take your time
doesn't really feel like you were gone for almost a month because in your absence, I have been rewatching your season 6 videos and I'm about halfway through. anyway, it's great to have you back iskall :D
Who thinks he will break that block next episode
Finally a new video
mhm.. lots of other people got really sick but dont know if it was the corona during the corona pandemic, im glad your better but sad you weren't able to get a correct/accurate/PROPER diagnosis
FINALLY NEW VIDEO
Wow first he looks into his marry Christmas box, with emeralds, and than he goes, "i dont have emeralds, so i better get trading"
Is there a place i can watch vault hùnters after the fact
Hope all is good, we missed you!
Good thing you got better (in many ways)... but this episode?  It's OMEGALOL   19:40 saved it! ;P
Iskall a small reminder... 20 episode till ep 100 and we are still far away from 10k diamonds
best industrial district goes to mumbo lol..... enjoy both vault hunters and minecraft. Glad you are feeling better
man, i missed your laugh!
I didn’t realize how much I missed Iskall until I clicked on this video
Yessss!! New video again! I will always support you❤️❤️
iskallMAN... He's back. I miss you so much
Next video will be called branching out
Am I the only one who wants to know if Etho ............. long line of words has continued? What does it say Iskall?
Nice to see that your back dude!!! 👍
just quit season 7 .... this is beyond
ISKALL IS BACK BABYYYY
wow iskall! ur a great philosopher! "Being a noob is bad"
Back up pogskall head?
Hermitcraft: 80 | The return of the legend
If you are running short on diamonds, remeber to use your diamond house at the industrial district.
Imagine watching this without the audio lol
Oh man I missed my HALLO’S!
Get not-noob lol
BERNIE! @4:34
It's funny way back when mumbo had "to get good lol. " now the noob curse got you to
When he throw that diamond pickaxe.      I felt it
I hope you fill a lot better wen you was filming this video. next season can you team at with Grain scar Bdubs in a big base
"A little bit short on diamonds"  *Literally has a house made out of diamonds*
If the season ends before iskall finishes his tree I request that all hermits unite to build it together in the last chapter
But Iskall? Did you even contact your doctor and got tested for covid?
Iskalls plan to complete the tree challenge: don't upload 100 episodes so he doesn't have to quit hermitcraft
Question for anyone: Has there been any word on whether they will start the new season on the Summer or Winter release?
Actually the stone pickaxe was when you where showing us the similarities between stone pickaxe and netherite pickaxe 😉😉
iskall: says he has no emeralds literally placed down a shulker box with four stacks of emeralds me: -_-
He came back like nothing has happend? Dude Iskall, I'm mad at you!     But love you :)
MORE HERMITCRAFT LESS VAULT HUNTERS!
iskall's branch time seems to look like this: -HALLO branch time -spends 5 minutes placing some dirt -next 2/3 of the episode organizing stuff -3 week intermission -vault hunters galore -"works" on pacific  2 minutes of the episode left, will we get a branch?  nope. XD
This is more important than school
petition so iskall leaves hermit craft if he docent finish the industrial district by episode 120
HES BACK AGAIN
HALLO
I recently made backup armor after I lost some while taking out bastions. Made three full sets of netherite gear and any armor piece you would need. Felt amazing when I finished.
Legend 😂
Yes iskall!!!!!!!
I know there are not that many people liking the vids but believe me, there are many who still enjoy them so pls do more content like this
1:00theres an imposter among the branches
He'd rather reorganize and restock his entire ender chest than continue to work on the omega tree, lmao
Why don't you just fill the branches with stonr or something and just use wood on the outside
No need to apologise my guy health always comes first
4 weeks and still no leaves
There's 17 color choices for shulker boxes if you count the undyed original color + the 16 dyed colors
Welcome back IskalMan
Iskall.. your character doesn't have eyebrows. No one's character has eyebrows.. I don't know how to feel about it.
Holy crap, he lives 👀  Missed you Iskal
Go and collect leftover treasures please
iskall says he needs a list his list: get organized
Iskall will always find a reason to procrastinate
Not sure he realizes its 'redstone' not 'redston'
Why do I have a stone pickaxe in my inventory?  *Iskall's treasure cave confirmed!?*
I missed HALLLOOO
iskall im glad you're feeling better now <3 hope you dont have any sort of relapse of your illness
He should make videos more often. It is a event everytime he makes a video.
HALLO! Strong start!
You failed the omega tree😟you should give more time for hermitcraft
69k views pog!!!!!!!!!
There is no need to apologize we understand
Welcome back Iskall! We all missed you!
procrastination 101
You don't have to apologize. I am so sorry you weren't well.  Glad you are better.  I think that if Shulker boxes are empty, they should be stackable.  say maybe 16.
Potsdam
Glad you are feeling better.
Omg your back!
Iskal: I want to finish the tree by episode 100! Also iskal: doesn’t post so he never hits episode 100
Iskall caught the Coof. It was not Omega.
Dirt is all you need.......
Iskallman!! So great to see you back on the Hermitcraft server. However ... Vault Hunters has captured my attention! To watch you, Captain Sparklez, Stress, HBomb, Antonio, and now the Season 2 additions has been a highlight of my week! Appreciate you and glad you’re feeling better 🙏🏻❣️🌺
plot twist I S K A L L I S T H E N O O B
Iskall to himself: bro you live like this???
He’s back!
Unless he does a few mega episodes (of doom) it's not looking like the tree will be done by EP 100
It has been a loooooong time:) from sweden #svenneforlife
I think its been 2 weeks since I watched iskall coz I had covid and I went to my grandfather's farm to get fresh air and recover
I’ll be honest, I expected a more interesting episode after waiting this long
I can't wait to see Mumbo's episode using the entire floor for redstone.
episode title: Branching Out
iskall: looks through SHULKER BOXES "Im a noob."
16:48 Is Mumbo actually one of the best redstoners in the world? genuinely curious.
the whole episode i've been waiting for Iskall just to go to Ergo's shop in aque town
Let's Go! Iskallman is back, finally!
Take a look in Etho's new shop in Aqua Town. It should help with your ender chest.
This organization is rlly satisfying
Iskall finally got good lol
No intro watttttttttttt
Alternate title: HermitCraft 8: 80 | GET GUD LOL
Can u Hollew the branches
I watched an old Xisuma video, #299. After watching your video and that, you are not a noob.
13:07 "I've now ExSAND in the trident usage. I mean GRAVELuated.."
HALLO!!!! Welcome back 😃
great to see you back! congrats on VH s2!
If iskall has a plan be sure that it is not even going to start in that episode
Go to ethos shop in aqua Town to pick a selection of items in shelters for your ender chest!
Iskall, I don't want to jump to assumptions but are you not publishig as often so you can work on the omega treee off camera so it will be done by ep. 100?
Clever tactic for finishing the tree before ep. 100. Make the episodes so infrequent that you can't fail. Smort.   (Edit: I didnt write this is a mean way.)
Noob traded with villager without mending his tools
Glad season 2 of vh has started well! wHeRe iS vAuLt hUnTeRs? LOL
I speak for the entire Hermitcraft community when I say that we missed Iskall
Get good. Lol.
1000 comment
Too could almost say next video iskall will be branching off in a new direction
Get good lol
Iskall please move your mouse a little less please.
u shd make a ewok tree base
new video poggers
17:551 ummm i think you have a typo on your hands there Mr Iskall. (redstone not redston)
welcome back my friend!
u shld make a ewok place in the branches
Iskall: must finish tree before episode 100 Episodes: getting closer to 100 Iskall: guess I’m gonna just stop making episodes
IskallMAN Your health matters wayyyyyy more than Hermitcraft 😇
even joehill's has better gear than you.
I think u should do what scar recommends and do all of the shaping with dirt and then replace the surface with oak. It would save u diamonds and tree cutting
Guess who's back Back again Iskall's back  Tell a friend Guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back, guess who's back Guess who's back
Sorry to hear you've been ill. Glad you're back again now though!
He really just chucked away a diamond pickaxe and shovel
him: I'll make videos more regullary from now on.     Also him a month later:
You are not a Noob iskall! Ps love your vids
Deals will stack when you feed a villager to a zombie so it will get cheaper and cheaper
The level of procrastination on this guy is actully insane!
I’m starting to fear Iskall might not join season 8 😬😔
yesssssss he is back!!
It’s been a while Iskall!!
You've been gone for a bit
Your videos and livestreams brighten my day
I need a fan art of Bumbo shaking a tree and iskall falling down. Or bumbo yelling from the ground and iskall's head popping from the tree top " hallooooooo "
You can get tested now to see if you had corona. It's useful in deciding when you should get the vaccine.
Good to have you back Iskall. Good luck with the tree
It has been long didn't here your helloooo
You guys should invite stampy and squid to the hermitcraft server!
THE OMEGA KING (of doom) IS BACK
Don't stress your vids are amazing so take you're time
Ask Mumbo to commentate part of your next episode. Especially the "hallo" at the beginning! :D
Ngl I forgot iskall was still a thing
YES FINALLY AN ISKALL HERMITCRAFT EPISODE
Iskall is easily the the most distractable hermit and i love it
Iskall's just squeezing multiple weeks of content into each video so he can make good on his promise to finish the tree
20 episodes to go ,Yoy!!
Iskall's "HALLO" is the best birthday present ever!
Iskall returneth
YES! HERMITCRAFT!! finally, vault hunters started to get boring for me and you are back to hermitcraft. I'm so happy!
ISKALL ON HERMITCRAFT!! HALLO! Big grin on my face. 😄
HALLO, can you please record the vault  hunters too while streaming and then you can upload the vault huntes aswell as hermitcraft please :D
Iskall, you really shouldn't put Mumbo's personal details in a video...
“Mumbo is the best redstoner I know” Meanwhile mumbo in create mod: *Mass brain usage and stress*
Finally u r back iskall, Yess!!!
Got so used to watching the epic vault hunters streams that i forgot what your edited vids are like lol Good to see hermitcraft back! I hope this doesnt slow down vault hunter streams tho im already hooked to season 2
great video
MAKE ALL NETHERITE
Hallo!!
Needs levels for enchanting..bypasses the Christmas box with bottles of enchanting...Flys to the nether to the gold farm..
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT!!!!!!!! ITS HERMITCRAFT TIME!!!!!!!!!!
this is the definition of procrastination
Look at Mumbo’s industrial district- the competition is still going
Calm down bois and gals,he is back!
Glad to see u back
Pls upload vault hunters
OMG iskall finally remembered his YouTube password
HALLOOOO
channeling
you should visit ethos packaged shulker box store.
Did you know there is a diamond pile at your industry side?
HALLO!!!
anyone else notice he typed "redston" instead of Redstone?
So you found ANOTHER excuse to not work on the tree? I don’t think your e chest should’ve been a priority
I want vault hunters😭😭😭
*Iskall* : tells Mumbo to get gud on episode 5 *also Iskall* : still a noob on episode 80
Certified noob moment
hum... Mumbo and compact redstone doesn't always mix. Also welcome back!!
Mumbo was checking out your industrial district... you should tweak it a little too win the competition you both forgot you were in.
Imagine being in top of the comment section. That would be great😄
Please make a Telegram, not all of us want to tweet 😢
20 eps to goooooooo!
HE'S BACK!
Hey iskall are you leafing your mark on the server 😏
Yayyyy ur back
Lets go Iskall
Step 1: organize  Step 2: b r a n c h  Step 3: kill Mumbo for thinking about removing the palm trees in Pacific
Get good lol
Iskall, just make a video called *10 minutes of me saying "hallo"*
18:12 I play with 30 FPS
wilst he talked about his illness, there was a creeper, see it? 13:55
Do you plan to buy a plot in aque town?
This episode has been brought to you by a Stone Pic
check out Grian's new hairstyle.
So good to have you back! Hallo! In my ender chest, I have one row of resource shulkers, one row of empty shulkers, and a few of the loose things I need all the time at short notice -- rockets, a gold helmet, spare arrows, extra ender chests.  A well organized ender chest is key.
WOOO TREE TIME
I keep thinking "use vain miner"but then i realise you can't use that in Hermitcraft
It is funny that he just randomly throws diamonds into a cactus
ohh i have been waiting for this!
Somebody needs to tell him that there is ORGANISED SHULKERBOX shop in Aquee Town😂
Mumbo jumbo isn't the best redstoner. Yes sure, he i better than most of the "non redstone" community (cause he did a 5x5) but like look at it. His 5x5 is 10k blocks. 10K ! its so massive ! just watch Space Walker, Armadillo28, etc who ae doing amazingly good redstone, compact, fast and that are underrated af, just bc a youg boi had some skills in redstone and impressed ppl back in 2013. also his redstone isn't super super compact, for some build only it is. Just go on CraftyMasterman's channel and goes to the video "i Mumbo THE BEST REDSTONER?" where he is showcasing redtone from mumbo vs redstone from real redstoners. it shows how mot of redstoners are better than him. i don't hate him, neither for you, but stop saying he is really good if you don't take a look at other creations. Hope you understand me, if you wanna have a better talk in better conditions just give me your discord on something. Have a great day. (also mumbo fans don't be toxic, if truth isn't something you like then go away.
Imagine paying attention to class
U came back and were like oh I’m planning to stay for a while and then you left us again. Not cool iskall
What editing software do you use?
Iskall is a swede wich means he is cool
your ''pretty gut'' sounds like anomaly from csgo
Is uploading every month or every other month gonna be a regular thing now?
Finnaly hes back
@Iskall please get yourself checked. You could have Corona that stopped showing symptoms. No series is more important than your health.
His plan to not fail at his goal of completing the tree before 100th episode seems to be to never make it to 100 episodes this season.
Iskall saying he will finish his tree before ep.100: panik There is enough time: kalm Beefskall takes his base: panik He traded it back: kalm Now there's not enough time: panik There's no need to upload: kalm
Bimbo bolgni
Great to see you back! Looking forward to your next episode next month. 😏
Hermitcraft 7 is literally gonna end and he won't have finished the tree
Why didn't u just buy an uninchanted netherite armor  from the barge
Return of the king
Can you keep uploading the short versions of vault hunters?   Edit: or has he already finished vault hunters?
Me: Now that Iskall is finished with vault hunters he will upload more Hermitcraft  Iskall: Hallooooooo Season 2 of Vault Hunters!!!
I wonder what Iskall had for lunch?      lol
When I’m watching this video the moment he says stressmonsters name I get a twitch notification “stressmonster is live”
ISKALL I SAW THE NOTIFICATION AND I CRIED
You will never build a base as big as iskalls. Change my mind.
Tactic: spend a long time working on 1 really big episode to finish the Omega Tree (Of Doom). Keep up the great work!
I thought you were dead welcome back❤️
Super happy to see you back! I had assumed it was just burnout with the Omega tree so I'm glad that you just had so many things to enjoy, rather than so many things you didn't enjoy!
He has backup armour but he doesn't wear armour (other than boots). WHY?
Judging by Iskalls upload frequency the season is ending soon
only one who felt like the episode began from the middle?
Who is this? I don't know anyone called Iskall... I mean i think he used to be a YouTuber....
What happened to PACIFIC ☹
Ladies and gentlemen, enjoy your twenty minutes and thirty-five seconds. He’ll be back in 47 days.
The king of "HALLO" is back.
I love it when Hermitcraft shenanigans cross just that little big into real life  remember that time Grian sent Iskall the letter irl? that was fun.
Happy you are well again always nice to hear the "hallo" also i loved vault hunters too :)
How many of you guys thought that iskall  got covid 19 and died. I even forgotten that there is even a hermit named iskall😂😂😂
NOOB SKALL
Iskall: "Time to get organized!" Etho: *angrily pointing at Order-Lee-E's*
A storege system
I think non complete tree looks better
You are not the biggest noob you should watch scar
I was honestly hoping he would eat the rotten flesh after the outro
welcome back iskall! i have an idea for you. so beef and you switched bases when you were gone, and he added nice things to your base. i think you should do some stuff for him as a "good deed"
Whats the video mumbo did on iskall? Pls send a link
I have a little bit of a feeling that this season Iskall is Omega procrastinating his tree xD
Etho has an Ender Chest Shulker Box Shop in town. Can just buy pre-made shulker sets
you know, I was somewhat sad when Iskall upgraded his pants to netherrite. Diamond lives in a bygone era, now.
Thank god he found that stone pickeaxe😄
I’m huge on keeping everything organized. If I have random shulker boxes laying around everywhere I will not sleep until I organize them.
At this rate, season 7 is gonna end before Iskall gets to episode 100
Everyone gangsta till branch time
Does Iskall remember he has a house made of diamonds? No i think not.
HE'S BACK
"My Richities Box has BREAD in it!" I dunno why that got me to laugh so hard, maybe it was the sudden zoom and tilt of the camera
Don't worry about being bedridden. I've been bedridden since the 8 Jan till 12 days ago because three large dogs decided I looked tasty and had slightly infected saliva. 5 operations later I can finally start walking again.
who is this iskall guy... is he new to Hermitcraft? </sarcasm>
Hallo to you too
I WANT VAULT HUNTERS SEASON 2.......I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING......Probably hypnotized
Glad you’re back. But you don’t have to apologise. It’s good to take breaks.I hope you’re doing well after the fever.
i am fine with your delayed episodes, health first, and if you wanna focus on your projects like vault hunters than go ahead
You can finish the tree by episode 100, Iskall, I beLEAF in you...
0 progress in video.
No matter what happened, I'm glad you're back :D! Btw, i think you definetly should go to VintageBeef's area and help him out as he worked on your base during the HCBBS (and your absence) :D
Bring back the branch manager
Welcome back
Thought I had just decided to stop watching your videos but I guess it's cuz you dont post like you did before... ggs
Ooh yee
Empty episodes of doom
HALLO!!!!  This was EXACTLY what I need today!! And being two of the architects from SAHARA “compacting” PACIFIC’s redstone should be as simple as mine sand with Haste 2 and Efficiency   5 😂  Glad you’re back to feeling OMAGA!!! Can’t wait for more!!!!
"ive never really owned a trident before"  Season 6 Grian: pathetic.
Glad to see you're back! Hope you're feeling better!
Don't worry, Grian's still here
4 weeks feels like 4 years
Vault  hunters is a nice side seres
after 4 loooong weeks …. wb 🤙🏻
...iskall just called us all noobs... RUDE
Hello, Iskall, my old friend...
Go to aqueeeeeee town and buy land and open Pacific 2 store 🏬
In 20 episodes he gotta delete his channel
yay iskall is back! HALLOOOOOOO!
I like how him saying I’m back is just hallo
Maybe one of these weeks iskall could use the hermits helping hermits to get some big branches done
And he’s back!
we miss you so much iskall!
it's been so long , please upload more ,iskall
Hi bro
This has the vibe and satisfaction of somebody coming into a horders home and just cleaning everything up.
he is back after about a month or so
"Mumbo is one of the best redstoners in the world" SciCraft server: Are we a joke to you?
I love the new episode BUT I need an answer.... Why do we pronounce BODY as two things? Body is pronounced ‘Buddy’ when you are talking about people and it is also pronounce ‘bODY’ when you are talking about someone’s person
This guy could have done this entire episode off-camera but no.
20:17 Technoblade fans cry in corner
Who remembers when he cleaned up the first time? There is a chest full of shulker boxes under the floor.
It is good to have you back Iskall, you were certainly missed!
YESSSSSS
Hermitcraft!!!!!??????!!!!
interaction
Why he not uploading?
Halllo
I thought he got the anoroc
Welcome back Iskall85! I'm glad that you're back to good health!
Are you going to be in the 3rd life mod series with grian?
post on the community tab on youtube as well as on twitter
HALLO!!!
I know placing that one block was intended to be a joke but I also found it very inspiring because I struggle to start projects. You’re awesome iskall don’t worry about needed to take time off, whatever the reason
The return of the tree King
I say Hallo every morning in hopes he makes  an upload
Hope you are fully back to health it sounds like a really bad time and glad to hear you back on the hermit craft lands..take it easy being so ill will leave you tired so don't overdo it but Welcome Back we've missed you 🤗😁
Good to see another one of your videos iskall!
hi
Iskall: hallo, it's branch time Also iskall: I haven't placed down a single oak block in this episode
HES BACK UPDATE:1 MONTH LATER: he's gone again sad hope your well iskall.....
Yyyyeyeeessss you're back!!! <3
Please, upload more vault hunters here!
How was your lunch :)?
I mean, bread is pretty good...
Iskall: the tree will be done by episode 100  Iskall thinks: spend a month of to complete the tree and upload in one video
I hope you stay well, love your content.
when do you think the next episode will be, my guess is a month from now
Order-Lee-Es could help you out!!
Hallo
4 years later.  Wonder how much garbage is in this one.
we are all dylan
You should name the ender chest to Suitcase
When the world needed him the most he returns
finally aftwer 50000 years he uploads (the year is 52021)
Iskall's goal: Have tree done by episode 100  Also Iskall: If I dont upload HC videos, I dont have to complete tree
It took you a bit of time to upgrade your leggings
oh no i feel another cheesy super hero on hermit craft coming on
Man, I have been running Iskall-anemic as of late. I can't tell you how excited I was to see the thumbnail.
Iskall Get good lol
maybe you should buy a plot of land in Aquee town and put in nothing but palm trees.
Only 20 episodes left iskall 😂      Just kidding  Don't leave hc lol
best of wishes iskall!! im glad you're better now
I think iskall needs a hermits helping hermits
I haven't watched Iskall in a while, now he doesn't wear pants too ok
Iskall's Hallo's and laughs never cease to bring a smile to my face, so happy he's back!
Who is this mysterious hermit is see before me?
Why don’t u make a shop called the 12 bamboo and just for 100 diamonds u just sell 12 bamboo (not og) and restock only 1 batch of 12 bamboo to sell it
I litearlly forgot Hermit Craft existed
Etho sells organized shulker box's in Aque Town Edit: aka 15fps land
the title is wrong no person is a noob in anything
"I love the sound of running on dirt in Minecraft"   this man is an international treasure.
17:37 "infact, i'm willing to order him" *Doom Music Kicks In*
Iskall is playing the long game  If he doesnt upload 100 episodes he wont have to finish the omega tree
How tf do you only have a 1000 hours after a year? I might actually have a problem then.
HALLOOOOO
Iskall uploads after nearly a month  Me : he has finished his tree i guess  Iskall: i was sick Hope you're doing well iskall
Dont Say Corona In Your Videos You Will Get Demonetization
Tbh when i SW the thumbnail I thought you meant mumbo ngl Edit: nothing against mumbo his plays time is sometimes funny
Yay new vid
Make one giant squirrel of doom for one omega tree of doom
Scar watching this video 😢
Where have the Hallo's been Iskall I have been saddened without them :(
Get good lol
The branch manager has returned from vacation
Is anyone left from #TheKnowledgable6000 ?  Idk if even Iskall would remember 😩
Yaaaaay hermitcraft by iskall is back
Iskall - “I am completely out of emeralds”  Also iskall: looks at four stacks of emeralds in Cubs gift box.
Hallo Iskall, welcome back! Very happy to see you back, but even happier to see you have a nice break ^_^
HES TURNING BRITISH LÄMNA OSS INTE 19:14
Have you seen scars boxes
I MISSED ISKALL SOORY I HATE PRESSING SHIFT SO ALL IS CAPS
Ayo what plugins y'all got in ur server
ISKALL IS THE LAZIEST GUY (of doom)
That dirt and gravel shulker reminded me of bundles.
Iskall man is back
HERMITCRAFT!!!!!!!!!!!
I swear iskall makes my day better when he posts, i waited for too long
im so happy, finally another episode
I neeed it
YEEEEEEEEEESSSSS
Iskall: *Comes back to Hermitcraft after a month from last vid * Also Iskall: Y'know what time it is? 🤔 Branch time. 😎 Us: * expected something more * Iskall once again: **Builds tree with dirt** Us: *Clearly, he's gone insane.*
1 episode a month :)) lol
this guy is so fun to watch
Bruh i stopp watching for a half year ago and your not even finish with the tree omg
omfg i was just watching one of your old videos
So this is why he took a month off He started spring cleaning
Throughly enjoyable video. Also loving vault hunters season 2. Just finished season 1. You and your dev team are truly amazing people of doom. Thanks for having a truly inspirational attitude and personality. Keep up the awesome work, this is the best community.
Iskall should make 2 branches every episode so he gets 40 done
Welcome back Iskall!
Iskall be like:  You can't not finish the tree before ep100 if you don't get to ep100...
HI
Thanks for the great episode dude! Glad you’re feeling better, don’t feel bad about needing time off from uploading (it gives me a chance to watch all your older videos lol)!  Plus I’ve been really loving both vault hunters and hermitcraft 💚
Prioritize your health over making vids, we want u to stay healthy man. Take as long as u need
Organized, nay omeganized
is it just me or does it feel like iskall is stalling for time before he has to finish the tree?
HES BACK
HALLO
20 episodes left to build the tree
2:03 you should sell that to Keralis
take care and have rest if you want to, hemitcraft can wait health can't
He is back
best boi
HALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooooooooooooooooo
Glad that you are feeling better! We are so excited to be able to watch you play again!
It's good to see you back, I missed you very much.  I love your Hermitcraft videos (of doom).                                               Love and respect from California.  :)
Your frames are terrible. I never am higher than 30 fps. Not once
iskall how did you make when you hit mobs they don't turn red and it doesn't show dark red hearts? anybody knows?
Iskall: I'm back Everyone Else: Impossible
HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*the man who literally built a building out of diamond ore: Little short on diamonds
da king haß redörnd
Finally he's working on the tree again
Iskall had warped wart blocks in his redstone box.... That could only mean one thing. ISKALL MADE HCBBS
Oh god I got notification and clicked but no sound came like I WAS 10 MINUTES IN THE VIDEO, then I restarted the video from Youtube subscribtions (don't judge spelling) and I realised that it had sound
Funny how iskall said he wants to start consistently playing on hermitcraft when he just started season 2 of vault hunters lol
HE is back again
I love the BernieBrain.zip shulker box that iskall had in his ender chest                            /\                             I                  NOT A LINK
if y'all haven't watched this dude stream Vault Hunters you are missing out
Covid Tests:*exist* Iskall: I dont know if it was Corona  Tests:*exist*
In the beginning of the video: It’s branch time. A bit later: Sorry this is not branches. Me: Yes it is, you are branching from your original plan.
*opens shulker box with 4 stacks of emeralds* "Turns out im completely out of emeralds"
it was so long that the bot on discord overslept and announced the video over 5 minutes after its release
noob means something else these days apparently noob means you only have a giant handmade tree for your base, netherite tools and armour, eletra ABD THOUSANDS OF DIAMONDS AUTOMATICALLY COUNTED BY A MACHINE. if Iskall's a noob...  what does that make me?
Finally iskall is not a diamond peasant anymore Come on who use diamond these days
bruh he roasted me family
ah, general iskall,  you are a bold one.
Welcome back!
Soooooo glad your back
HALLOOOOOO
HALLO the new episode is finally here been waiting for almost a month :) :)
does really no one know that he streams almost every single day on twitch
this was sadly not worth the wait in my opinion. waiting for the next episode.
Who needs School when Iskall Is More Important
Iskall you need a firework shooting crossbow.
Episode 64 of Iskall doing anything he can other than finish his tree.
“Turns out I’m completely out of emeralds”.... Lol the “Merry Christmas” box in the Ender chest had 4 stacks of emeralds
His pun was amazing! Where he said this bread is toast, and then that bread got roasted. That made me laugh so much, for some reason I absolutely loved it
HALLO
i just thought to myself "Iskall didn't upload for a while..."
The business card better be saying "Redston Genius"
OH MY GOD FINALLY ISKALL IS BACK !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Iskall can you go to treasure Island and take remaining treasure. And make a new mini game
Why? Why would you throw away diamond tools? 😭Just keep them just in case...
Iskall: Calls himself a noob  Me: Haven't even killed the Ender Dragon on survival
That single halloooo made my day
Missed the opportunity to call it : 'Hermitcraft's omega noob'
It's been too long since I last heard Iskall say *HALLO!*
He wouldn't like scars playstyle
I remember mumbo in one of his videos said that iskall adds of doom at the end of every iskallish sentence and HE HAS PROOF
He exists again
Hallo
Who is going to remind Iskall that he put items under his floor, and this man is trying to teach us to organize
at last
Nice
Y u no pley mucho? :3
there is actually 17 different colors of shulker boxes purple and the default color are different
Yes!!! Iskall is back!!!
Just in time for my lunch!
Eeeeeey iskallman
Iskalls upload schedule upload 1 video another video two months later and another video a month later
Oh yea I forgot about iskall
HCABN HermitCraft Absolut Biggest Noob  If you were wondering
The only thing Iskall does now days is stream vault hunters <.<
man i miss collabs with mumbo AND grian. back in h6 this trio was the best
I was disappointed when he didn’t rename his red stone box ‘ new new and improved redstone box ‘
Aaah the good old “HALLO!”
Finally a new epoide:)
What's better than a trident??   A Golden Trident, I made a texture for golden trident and Elytra,which is totally free to use; contact for becoming POG
The king is back!
I am a fourth generation Norwegian (my great grandparents were full Norwegian), but my mannerisms very much reflect my birthplace of Vermont, so I've adopted the Hallo to be more in touch with my Scandinavian side Thanks Iskall!
I can't wait for 1.17 update cave and cliffs update will have bundles, but sadly it's going to be split up into two updates 1.17 and then 1.18 in the holiday season. It's also great to see you back on hermitcraft after your break. Don't forget about your diamonds in the desert in that bunker you and impulse made. When you had to do a voice over for mumbo jumbo I love your reaction to when he had to take down your palm trees in Pacific😆, I was waiting for you to go oh no not again or something like.
well halo there
6:32 "Don't call me Shirley!".....lol
Hallooooo
Iskall, you do not understand that scar exists.
I kinda feel bad because omega tree is one of the biggest bases in hermitcraft but it's just not good as a content. this is what we got because of that.
Iskall is never gonna finish because he will never have a 100th episode
Tea tastes better when it's black tea with 7 sugers
FINALY!!! it has been so long!
Is it just me or is Iskalls POV strange? The edges are really distorted at times and when he moves fast it’s strange.
Iskall and Flint and steel   Name a more iconic duo
HALLO
I’ve kinda came to realisation that the tree will never be finished
It has been over months
The return of IskallMan! 🤩
iskallMAN is back!
Sorry to hear you were so sick! I’m glad you are feeling better. Looking forward to your next episode. :)
Ehh
Try using riptide on tridant and you will remember and enjoy it
HALLO
Hallo
WE ARE DYLAN. Respond if you understand
He only has 20 episodes to complete the tree but at the rate he uploads that’s 2 more years
Happy to see u back
...and the evolution to becoming super advanced
Oh he is alive😂
Why u aren't in 3rd life
Hello
Finally hallo
Iskall: completely out of emeralds the 4 stacks of emeralds in a shulker box: ;(
Y u didn't join 3rd life
Not first ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
YES!!!
You should create a game based on Minecraft called hermitcraft where it is based on hermits
Yessir
Etho sells shulker boxes for ender chests in his newest shop.
POGGERSKALL IS BACKKKKK HECKKK YEAH!!!!
He's been spacing episodes out so he has more time to do the tree before Ep 100 😂  But in all seriousness, its good to have him back
Iskall please come back. I miss hermitcraft. Also you stream VH before I wake up so I can’t even watch that
Hey, you back. AGAIN Where do you disappear too? 😂
Hallllooooo
Hallo Im new to this channel. Love your vids  (Especually your... HALLO)
Not first ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Not first ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I was thinking about you just yesterday iskall
use to enjoy watching iskall but maybe after this series ill unsub
please dont leave us for 4 weeks again
Finally. . .
Ur Best Friends With Mumbo?!?!...Don't You Remember You Flex Your Gold On Him By Burning It
U have ur shulker boxes under ur base
bfncm, you are backkkkk yay
YES DADDY???
4:08 Hmm very interesting brain
The breaks that Iskall took have become a problem HE SOUNDED LIKE HE SAID HELLO INSTEAD OF HALLO. LoL
The title of this video should be get good
Shittiest hermit! What a waste of time this video was
in 9 minutes... 11,000 VEIWS!!!!
i love going through these cringey comments LMAO
Iskall : why am i a noob  Well compare your self to dream smp (terrible minecraft player) and you will feel like pro again
when getting an iskall hermitcraft notif I feel like I’m missing vault hunters, then I do miss hermitcraft when seeing vault hunters. Iskall man doing gods work.
Lol this is more important than school
Am I the only one sad that he burned all the 62 bread 🥖?
WHAT DO WE NEED: A HALLO MONTAGE WHEN DO WE NEED IT: NOW!!!!
Not first
HALLO!
HE'S BACK!!!! OMG...FINALLY TAKING A BREAK FROM VAULT HUINTERS HUH....GLAD TO SEE YOU!!! SORRY NOT SORRY FOR ALL CAPS....JUST MISSED YOUR FACE!!!
I feel like iskall is trying to do his episodes as slow as possible so that he has more time to flofinish his tree. Remember that if he doesn't finish it before episode 100 he will leave hermitcraft
Hi iskall i dont think that ai ai ai is something that english people say
#iskallCULT
YESSS ISKALL’S BACK
He is finally back, I missed watching his videos
12:32 I never realized he didn't have netherite pants
next episode i may make a hello counter ( times iskall85 said *HALLO* )
Hallo!!!
7 MIN IN BOI!
Me seeing this video: OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHhhh
I missed you iskall
Who else has abandonded the heello, and always says HALLO
Ok now plz post regularly
Wb on yt Iskall! I've been watching your streams.
finally, the truth comes out
The return of the Omaga
Who else is ready for vault hunters S2? HYPEEE
Because İskall said " İ will finish the OMEGA Tree before 100th episode" he uploads less often to keep his promise
HE HAS RETURNED!
LOL Great vid
Iskall sorting his shulkers has the same energy as me going through my bank accounts like there's so many but the contents? jack squat
Ow man when is pacific opening.....
Well Iskall you got some explaining to do
Where were you?! You are not me on discord servers!
First
I have needed this very very much.
Can’t say anything more than HALLO
Iskall's secret plan- Delay 100th episode so long that he wouldn't have to do the tree. Caught you this time!
Earlyisch
Yay iskall
thx for the video, next one will be in 3 months
that moment when you're here before the discord notification
IskallMan's return
#livinglikescar XD
Finally, I almost thought I would have to do something productive instead.
he’s back
Hes back the best minecrafter
hey. He's alive
Yes he's back
Suggestion make to do list board room in tree
HE'S BACK BOIZ
pog hermitcraft again
My man has finally returned after an eternity
Etho sells those shulkers so you don't even have to make them to have them
402 comments
Hallo
Some of the first here
I WAITED FOR THIS!
Pov: ur trying to find a comment to type cuz ur Early
How do people get play the maps hermits build threw out the series especially on switch?
glad to have you back iskall!!
I’ve missed you iskall :( Glad to get you’re taking take of yourself though!
The return of the king
HALLO
The biggest noob is Iskall in the beginning when he used dirt
Best birthday gift I could get, thank you
Iskall you should have gone to Order-lee-ees for sorting out your ender chest!
4:30 The new chestmonster started
If he uploads once a week after this, 20 episodes will be 5 months. Episode 100 would be in October.
THE MAN'S BACK FINALLY
HALLO! seriously legendary
Alternative title: Random useless things in Iskall's inventory 😂
Yeah boiiii8
Running on dirt is silly
As a wise man once said "HALLO"
I havn't clicked a video this quickly. Oh how I've missed the HALLOOO
Im scared that he wont finish the tree by episode 100 and he will have to leave the server. Would be sad
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAY He's back.....
Omg how I have missed your episodes man!!!
HELLO !
3 minutes ago!?! I’M LATE?!?!?
GOD I HAVE MISSED YOU!!
isGall85
Hi
Iskall when will you make hermit face carving in the tree for bernie winner
Yes the short "Hallo" is back
Nice to see you again!!! 😍🥰
Comparing stone pickaxe with netherite
Look who remembered his password
the return of the king!
the return of the king
HE'S BACK
Never been this early
Nobody but iskall : after 3 weeks and intro be like : hello branch time
HES BACK
256th comment
Iskall's "hallooo" is a gift to humanity, change my mind.
Not uploading is not the way to complete the OMEGA tree before episode 100...
Omg how I have missed your episodes man!!!
early yayayayayay branches neeed
Lets goooo!!!
I have an final exam to study for....      BUT WHO CARES ISKALL UPLOADED POGGGGGGGG
Welcome back king you almost dropped this 👑  Edit: honestly I'm just glad you're feeling better now iskall 💕
Bread
cool
Yayyyyyy
The king has returned
Pog
R.I.P. that stone pickaxe 😂
Welcome back iskall, hope you're doin good :)
HALLO!!!!
I've never hesitated so little to change from the video I was watching to this.
That Hallo......I have been waiting for it so long
Boy I've been needing that "hallo"
When the world needed him ,he returned. Also giant mushroom with a moustache.
What took you so long?
382nd LLLLEEEEEETTTTSSSSS  GGGGGOOOOOOOOOOO
Where are his pants?! Did I miss something??
:D
I think iskall should time travel in episode 88 and get the tree done  Back to the future fans know what I  mean
Hi welcome back iskall tree
seems like someones alive
weew
I love your videos :), you allways make my day.
My day when the iskall video drops: 🙂
iskall is just taking his time on episodes so that he can get his tree done by episode 100
Seriously 254 comments in one minute
Well helllloww there
hello and welcome back Iskall
I know how Iskall is hoing to stay in Hermitcraft: He just doesn’t make a Ep 100
hi
Iskall is back on the server. Wait untill he finds about all the madness.
*FINALLY THE ISKALLMAN IS BACK!*
First
Iskall of Doom is back
you know its a good Day when multiple her its upload
cool
Lovee u iskal🥰
I thought you were dead! OMGGGGG
He is back!
He has returned home
W e l c o m e   b a c k
My dad is back
Iskall: Hello! My happiness levels: HELLO
The return of the *HALLO!*
BIG TREE
Just in time for lunch!
Finally another upload
Where were you???
Iskall!
Pretty big branch - iskall85
No views, but 358 likes. Good job YouTube.
That moment when you are so early YouTube  says 5 likes 1 view
Hallo
its been 1 year
Megaaaa treeeeee
HALLO
He only has 20 episodes left
No views 357 likes and 119 comments? Uh.... youtube you ok?
HEEEEEEEERES ISKALL!!!!!!!
And when the world needed him most... HE RETURNED!
223rd !
Me : IMA BE THE FIRST! 153 OTHER PEOPLE : HALLO!
I've decided that I don't like being early. There's no funny comments yet.
Am I early?
Iskallll! Yeyyyy
HALLO
second
He is back ..OMEGA BACK
When your so early the longest comment is 3 letters
Hallooooo
Third
nice to see you again
YESSS!
Hallo Iskall 👋🏻
He's back
I saw that title and I got excited because I thought I was going to be in a hermitcraft episode
No views, one comment. How youtube how.
yay iskall is back
Hi iskall
Hi
finally its about time for a new episode
Didn't realize I was early until I saw that there were only 6 comments LMAO
YouTube glitches so bad when you click on it in a few seconds within posting.
Hallo!
Me: Opens the video Iskall: HALOOOOO
Clicked within 26 sec xD
Posted 15 seconds ago, no views, and 40 likes... I love being this early
HALLO
He has returned!!!....Again!
yay
180th
Fun fact: 'Stressed' is 'Desserts' spelled backwards
Early crew!!
Been a while so I'm happy
No views 32 likes and 2 comments. Yes, that is how Ik this is posed 15 seconds ago
Early!!
It feels like forever since iskall has posted 😭
Hi
Finally you are back
How has iskall been away for ages and still has one of the most episodes overall
I LOVR U
Hi
HALLLLOOOO HEY ISKALL
New episode poggers!
Wooo another video!!!!
oh you are alive  that's so strange
Yes
return of the king
Not first :(
Hallo!
Yessssss I’ve been waiting
You feel better from being ill <3
HALLO!!!
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT “HALLO”
Iskall: uploads Also iskall: uploaded 4 seconds ago me: **happiness noises**
Haaalallooooo
Iskall has returned! I think?
I love your vids keep it up😃
Hi skallMAN
Iskall have you lost motivation?
HES BACKKKK
Yessssss
The return of the king
I love your videos your the best youtuber
When we needed him most... He returned to us
An IIISSKAAAALL HermitCraft video let's go
HAALLOOOOO
Treeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee He hasn’t forgotten the TREE
Finally.
Iskall notification: Pops out    Me:*clicking intensifies*
HALLO!!!!
When u click and it says 9 seconds ago
Hallo again, you help me With my depression
hi
Alobama
Hallo
Guess who's back Back again...
YES HE POSTED!!
Early gang!!!
Long have I awaited the return of IskallMAN.
ISKALL IS BACK
Everyone's first until you refresh
Good to see you back man!
Halllo Iskall!
Hellooooo
iskall! it’s you! You are the noob.
HELLO!!
Don’t say first
HELLOOOO!!
HALLO hi
20 episodes left
HALLO
Nice vid, loved the whole thing!
hallo iskall
Second
I'm a pro
Not first 👍
Almost first
Second )ahhaha
1st
HALLO
hi iskall
Halo loving VH2
7th person to like vid
The first thing I hear Hallo  Ah yes my daily does is complete
The king is back, after 4 long weeks. Welcome back
Finally yeeeeeees
You're baaack yeeeyyyyyy
What took you so long
Iskall man
First
HALLLLLLLO
The branch manger returns!
second
Hallo
HE REMEMBERD HIS PASSWORD WHOO
First
Let me guess, Iskall is the biggest noob
HALLO
Woo!
First
Branch Time
Am I dreaming,?
Instant klick
You're back
Finally! This made my month
Second
Never been this early
I’m so glad you’re not dead
hi
Second comment
HE HAS RETURNED
I'm first
Hi
First
Second
Yass your alive!
Second
Finally
I have never been so early
HALLO ISKALL MAN
YESSSSS
First and hiiiiiiiiiiii
FINALLY
Hi
First
Haloo!
She said
1 iskall
First view lol
Another Iskall vid! Woot
Yay
First?
Early
He Finally Uploaded
Hallo
HELLO
First
HALLO
Hi
HALLO
Yooooo
Wow
Noice
First
Ez
He’s back
First shout out me iskall
Hallo
FIRST YAYSYAYYASYYSDFSS GREAT VIDEO
Hi first
E
Yes
HALLO
I ve waiting for 84 years
Not first
Iskaaaallll
HALLO
Hallo
Haloooo
Ex
Yoo
Hallo
Hi
Wat
Pog
First
First
