⚠️NOTE: i appreciate your feedback in the comments and have taken it all into consideration. thank you for pushing me in such a supportive way.  come back next week for *I spent a day with KIDNAP SURVIVORS* –new episode of this series every single week so consider 🔴subscribing. —ps: shoutout to everyone who has turned on notifications 🔔 and directly support me in continuing this series.
I'm the most recent comment
*NOT "MANY suggest", it is just the USA's government.*  Purely a thing of political xenophobia.
Micheal was okay..zach was okay..Lauren is awful
the frown on my face when i saw lauren on here wow
POV the only person u knew was zack king. 👁👄👁
Zack King is the best!
hey
Crazy.
They ain't that big the only one of the three I ever hear of is zach king
MAGIC MAN WAS IN THE CALL YES!
do a dave chapelle!
Wow imagine getting millions of dollars just for dancing! What is wrong with the people viewing and liking those videos? I thank God every day that I have not and never will be on Tik Tok.
Day four of asking Anthony to spend a day with residential school survivors, because these native kids aren’t getting the respect they need.
Out of all the tik tok personalities, he chose orange boy & annoying sidekick. Aren’t they just a troll account entirely? I could see from the first video I saw of them that they were the type to act a fool for views….
zach is the only big tiktok star who deserves it
I don't even know any of them except Zach
The 2 first people: i call myself influencer. Zach King: Im a creator, it aint good but its better than damn influencer.
Ticktok is cancer
I thought youtube pranks were bad until I saw tik tok pranks
I CAME HERE FOR ZACH KING
I love how there’s just Spencer in the intro
Ngl didt know Zack King was on Tik Tok I know him from like 2018 yt
when you thoughts 200mil views is a alot, Zachking's was 2Billion!!
Little did we know that Micheal would get beat up a couple months later
Dude .. I knew Zach King way before Tiktok came in the picture .
I always watched Zack King. Like I've watched him for years about probs six or something he was always my favorite about how happy and funny he was
lmao anthony comparing his 2-seconds falling intro to zach's iconic creations plsss
Charlie addisson ?
Zach gang
i know you aren't gonna make a video like this again and this video is kinda old but i really hate Lauren. girl promotes abuse and her entire relationship is based off of fake pranks that are centered around abuse and i hate her and her man for it. also alt tiktok is superior idc what anyone has to say argue with the wall.
Zach is fine but the rest of them dont deserve to be here. So many other tiktokers make much more creative and difficult to make content
Zack is such a legend. I remember watching him with my brother years ago and being amazed by all of his videos. I still watch him and love him, he's so great.
alt tiktok is literally just for alternative people like emos, goths, metal heads... it has nothing to do with memes but of course she thinks that is alternative she knows nothing other than posting fake prank videos that make everyone cringe. Like theres a side for weird memes idk what its called but it isnt alt tiktok for sure my emo ass would know
......theses ppls content is litral shit why them-
me : watches this video me after: this is a sign to go on tiktok
I’ve never heard of any of these people.
I would love to see I spent a day with former foster kids.
Oh my god zach king himself
I would pay to see joana ceddia and zach king in the same room for some reason
Please do a bipolar video! It would mean SO much to me and I'd love to come spend the day with you and educate you all about bipolar disorder and the truths, myths, stigmas, etc. Id love to do an interview with you!
E
Anyone else saw the 'ERROR:   too sexy' at 1:42
When she said “tacobell” i got 5x hungrier, ima go get some tacobell
Zach not even talking about his youtube or tik tok at the end and telling people to consider fostering <333
I dont even like tiktok but still love these interviews
I play with tiktok for 2 years and its very toxic place i dont know why i still use it
obviously he just actually jumps through the ceiling, coome on guys :/
Tiktok is gay
"most liked video on tiktok" bella: *M TO THE B M TO THE B*
3:16 TE AMO DESDE VINES :C ♥︎
zach king has always been one of the sweetest creators i love him
I really like Maiko and Zach king, I think that their content is amazing, especially Zack's. Lauren though...we don't talk about her
Before this video i thought zach king is a magician/illusion creator, who post occasionally on social media .__.
So glad my fyp isn’t on straight tiktok
Because of Zach King I actually thought magic was real
If he did this again, I think it should be with the D'amelio sisters, Bella Poarch, Larry and idk who else...
I think Zack look s’more humble because he already got his famous phase while he was younger- I mean, he is a father now; he won’t act like a young influencer like the other guy did
Eww Lauren
Charli Damelio:   *I’m about to blow this popsicle stand*
Anthony: how do you feel about trump banning the app in Septe-  *Orange juice add pops up*
Imagine if he did I spent a day with fnaf fans...
I was kinda hoping you were going to do different types of TikTokers
Why are these videos funny but creepy
ive been watching zach king since VINE
Lauren Godwin isn't an influencer. Faking abuse isn't the RIGHT kind of influential, it's harmful in so many ways.
Dude these are all straight tik tok creators i- uggggggh
Even though we share a last name I greatly dislike Lauren Goodwin and hate her whole account and hate that kids watch her
🇨🇳CCP is always watching you☺️
“An overall influencer” what are you influencing? Abuse? (2:10)
Anthony: what do you think about trump shutting down tiktok Me: laughs in future
Zach is the only one who deserves to be on here out of all of them and also everyone saying “should be straight TikTok stars” chill bro y’all just can’t let something happen without adding your own opinion in can you?
Hold up...where’s Liza koshy and Noah beck!?
I wish charli was on here
im on direction tiktok
did she just call alt tiktok cringey? 💀 shut ur mouth and educate yourself.
The fact that people only know Zach king as the tik tok guy and not the vine guy makes me so sad
I feel like Andrew seems chill irl.
Anthony made me stop hating on tik-tok for it being "cringe"
Is no one going to talk about how JustMaiko said he had the most liked video on tiktok when Zack Kings video had over 2 billion views? 😃
Weeb Tik Tok.
13:24 Hopefully not
Straight TikTok? We don’t know her.   Except Zach. He can stay.
People who were waiting for charlidamelio
your haircut looks like you figured out how to shower one part of your head
It would be sooo cool if you interviewed Metal bands like Infant annihilator and Slaughter to Prevail......?????????? Eh eh 😁👍.     Btw your videos are sooo interesting and I love watching them.
How can you put the “biggest tiktokers” but the biggest one Ik of is charli 🤔
Zach was the only important one here
Where's charli
they really need to shut up with the "alt tik tok" crap. alt tik tok is BY FAR better and just because you may not feel like that, does not mean you get the right to make fun of people for what they like.
I know how you did the effect of falling from the ceiling :D
Michael was like the only one who belong here lmao
Who is here just cos of you wanna see the tik tok stars
he should've put charli instead of Lauren
No ones talking about that tiktok kid. I forgot his name but he’s the most tiktok stereotype I have ever seen.. not in the good way either
Zach King seems nice, I wonder how much views he would have on a youtube vid..
Anthony: My intro is the most simplest thing in the world but im not gonna tell you  Me: Well you must really bust through the ceiling
Zach king is honestly the best one out of them
where´s charlie though
I've known who Zac King was for years, and I really thought his "magic" was actually real. 🤣 And I was just expecting him to go through the screen. 🤣🤣🤣
This is straight tik tok. Where is HawkHatesYou?
Lauren shouldn't be on here....i hate the pranks she does i used to watch them...but like...come on.
Theres also Fandom Tiktok. So the community with the fan pages for the influencers. Like Charli, Addison, Nessa, etc. so their is the fandom names known as Dunkins(Charli), Sunraes(Addison), Nuggets(Nessa)
zach mentioning foster care is so sweet omg
zach king is so underrated Dx I LOVE HIM AND HIS WIFE :))))
Wow now thinking about it Instagram has been stealing ideas from other apps and including these new features in their app updates. Like instagram stories, they stole that from snapchat and also stole reels from tiktok. Instagram is stealing the ideas from others apps and including it in theirs so that you could stop using the other apps and so that instagram could become to only app you use.  Wow i just had that realization
Dancing with my brother dancing with siblings but are you dumb
imagine he makes his next video "I spent the day with minecraft youtubers"
zach is the only actual good person interviewed in this video
i dont think of zach king as a tiktok star to me he will always be a vine star
I am only watching this for Zach king.
“There will obviously people who don’t like your content”  Lauren, honey, you do abuse and se x u al assault pranks.. nobody likes your content beside the 8 year olds that don’t understand
I swear he makes the intro too intense it’s just people having fun
Alt tik Tok  is not funny
Wow charli isnt here FINALLY A VID WITH NO CHARLI BRUH
i love how the majority of us aren’t in straight tiktok😂😂
1: Lauren referring to straight tiktok as 'regular tiktok' like lol 2: Lauren has clearly never seen alt tiktok bc it and it's subclasses like weeb tiktok are packed with younger viewers 3: Alt tiktok is honestly really cool and much more interesting than everyone doing the same thing
Bella poarch like most liked vid? ONLY 26 million🙄
I uninstalled tik tok. It's just to toxic and there's dumb new drama every day.
Zach King has been everywhere, from Vine (rip), to YouTube, to TikTok and dude is still popular. It's a madness
I don’t like any type of tik tok, it just reminds me of annoying people and children that shouldn’t post things on the internet.
I guess i havent been on it long enough (4 years...) To see these people... Pizzacupid. Ironsanctuary. Beerbongjohn. Ethantrace. Gingerslunt. Rattheripper. Madeyewlookbylex.
Yikes
lauren godwin brings bach 6th grade memories
kinda shocked i didn’t see the damelios😂😂
*5 million dollar house*
It's so funny he said a Walmart version and Walmart bought the US part of Tik Tok lolol
im scared of straight tiktok
Zach King is the only one who has talent, I will not be taking arguments on this thank you
were Charli demelio ,David Dobrick,Addison Rea, Even the dolan twins they are old viners and youtubers they may tiktok but that dont mean nothing Look im ok but you said BIGGEST tiktok stars they all though good but biggest you going to far
tik tok yikes
Me that’s on chaotic anime Tiktok: ;—;
poggers no way
TikTok Nurses need to stop acting like narcissistic children making dance videos for clout in empty scamdemic hospitals while people die from the lockdown.
Straight tiktok Gay tiktok Alt tiktok Anime tiktok / cosplay tiktok Makeup tiktok  Smal bruises tiktok ...
i think zach king is the only creative one among these tiktokers
Can someone please explain why not a lot of people like Lauren Godwin. I’m so confused
So he spent the day with nobodies and losers? Weird bro
I liked Zach king before he was popular
im so late but um did no one notice the outfit change at 14:08-14:10. that was so smooth
Unpopular opinion: straight tiktok suckkkkkkkkssssssssss. Thanks for listening!
Who’s here after Bella Poarch stole the place for most liked Tik Tok
I still remember Zach King as a Viner. His videos are always very impressive and he's truly talented. Unlike a lot of TikTok's biggest stars who have severely lowered the bar on how much actual skill you need to get rich. Especially Lauren and her bf Mr. Balls.
i love zach king
Why tf is the Blueberry on this
He couldn't afford Charli Damelio.
Uh sir where's Charlie         Also where is the personality
Also tik tok is another way to get bullied
I’ve been on tik tok for 2 years now and I have no idea who any of these people are-   I’m not on regular tik tok am I?  Edit: nvm I DID see that viral video with the guy dancing with his younger brother. That was super cute.
0:09 Notice how he said talent videos separately
i thought the guests are gonna be the hype house
"small creator" 2 M I L L I O N
the only person on tik tok i respect is zach king
Omg, Zach king is SUCH a legend. From vine to tik tok, like... man!
Lauren really said "Influencer"  Shore hunny
ngl it really sucks that i don't see any cosplayers in this video, personally i love cosplay just the fact that you can be who ever you want to be for a period of time is really fun
no ones talking about micheal! i don’t like tiktokers but he’s so sweet and humble and he’s actually pretty talented! he actually DANCES and doesn’t just move his arms
okay but Michael just out here having fun vibing we stan a cutie
Okay ....... but theres no need to throw zach king in with straight tik toks
Dont you ever just wanna 🤜👩(pretend its blue hair)
We need an alt ticktock biggest stars!
He should’ve brought the comedian TIKTOKER a here
I think a video about PTSD in the military would be a great video to bring awareness too.
🦧. 👈 this is the most liked comment on you tube
There is a very very very slim part of tiktok that's good. "Straight tiktok" "Alt tiktok especially" etc. is just bad.
Im on anime tiktok, kpop tiktok, kdrama tiktok, travel tiktok, and some other ones
I only knew Zach from vine
My man Zach from Vine!! Good to see he is still creating!
I have a lightsaber next to me on bed. In case people who hack my account and went looking for me. I can at least wack them to run
The second someone says "gen z" I stop listening to what they say
Lauren: I'm an Influencer  Everyone: *You're not a Clown, You're the entire Circus*
Surprised how you didn't really asked how different it is between tiktok and vine
I didn’t know who Anthony was until I saw him in glam and gore now I love his channel
dnA yltnerappa s’ereht na tluda noisrev fo kiT koT.
Sad charli damelio wasnt there since she is the most followed person there XD
Loren is a walking script
Surprised Charli isn’t here 😳
meanwhile my tiktok fyp is just messy, kink and gay tiktok xD
Ima be honest I never heard of the first 2
For people who make hateful content about Laura Godwin - agreed, it's unnecessary and harmful. But I see nothing wrong with those making content that educate others on why some of her TikToks are harmful ("pranks" to do with sexual/physical assault, domestic abuse). If TikTok won't regulate that kind of content, it falls to fellow creators to do it.  PS LOVE seeing Zach on here!!
ngl I'm heavily surprised there weren't any cosplayers here. The cosplay community is easily the biggest part of Tik-Tok and has been what's keeping it afloat. Then again, a lot of people just consider them a part of Gay Tik-Tok
Damn, why talk to Lauren? Lmao Zach stays King
so glad that you did this video with the deserving ones!! And Zack King(with other platforms) was so much ahead of any other tiktokers already !!!
anthony, you chose the worst side of tiktok
That's not the most viewed TikTok but one 😂
My boyfriend ALWAYS tries to figure out how you break through the ceiling 🤣🤣🤣
7:28 did she forget about that army prank she did????🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Wow I remember watching Zach King go viral on Vine and his transition to YouTube was pretty good. Had no idea people are now seeing him as a tik tok star.
Why doesn't anyone talk about how anonymous weren't everyone about tiktok? I get that the government is more big but anonymous is known for huge digital genius
When you have no idea who all of these ppl are 👁👄👁
If Zach is a Tiktoker than Tiktok has talent
the fact that lauren being one of the weirdest, and cringiest . said that abt alt tik tok😭😭 yeah ok
I love how zach survived 3 apps dying
Anthony’s a real one for fake laughing at that woman’s jokes
“Sorry grandma👍🏼” 😭😂🥺😆
We need Bella porsh she has the most liked vid now make a pt2
We need charli and Dixie
H or
Lauren: yeah I’m on the normal side of TikTok   Me here on draco TikTok:👁👄👁
Lauren makes videos with her boyfriend joking about abuse and sexual assault   Also Lauren : why doesn’t anyone like me
i literally dont know any of these people
None of these fuckers ever been on my fyp
You should have chosen the biggest tik Tok stars that people actually watch not these people
You should do gacha stars if you could get into to contact with them
Lauren be like “idk why people hate my content, you just wanna bring someone down 😔😔” and then goes and makes multiple videos joking about domestic abuse
Zach is the only person I know here...
Frog tik tok?
why is straight tiktok like this lol
*me who lives on alt/gay/weeb tiktok* who tf are these people...
Zach's videocall has more resolution than the entire rest of the video
ok but michael i think his name is, is  so cute lol.
27.5 million charli there like 46.5milion in an hour
Michael said he got the most views on tiktok then  Zach said he got 2 billion views   So embarsssing-
no ones talking about michael. he’s so chill and one of the most unproblematic tiktokers.
I got so excited when i thought you were gonna tell us how you do the dropping from the ceiling thing 😭😅
Oh, look! It's Sebastain Balls's girlfriend!!!
bruh i use tiktok on a daily and idk any of these people
He had 899 dislikes, and I love this video. But it took EVERYTHING for my ocd to not do it for satisfaction. I just came back later and it’s 996 dislikes now and I liked the video so I’m proud lmao😂
I don’t like tik tok but nothing against those who love it
Zach is such a great human being ❤️
he really said he had the most liked video when bella proach had 30m likes lol
iknow the secret behind anthony's "fall through the roof" trick. he actually has a hole in his roof, and just jumps in it for every intro, duh.
When ur on anime tiktok 👁👄👁✌
not lauren godwin. please do research before you have a guest
The only one of these I know is Zach King and honestly I'm pretty happy with that
no please no why them only straight tik tok
you forgot frog tok witch tok garndpareants tok
these are ppl from like 2015 this aint tiktok
Something about these videos are so satisfying I-
I usually love Anthony's videos,he's amazing but,he missed the mark on this one Micheal is cool,but like Lauren.... He could have done so much better she's not an influencer in anyway,nor greatly famous (thankfully)it would be like having Danielle cohn on here,yes they are users but not good ones. Zach is okay ,he has actual content.i hope he redoes this eventually
TikTok  ❤
Do a furry tik tok one
This video should remove the name and call it I spent a day with professional retards
idk any of these people
The fact he called alt tiktok weird just proves he's apart of straight tiktok. Shoulda bought some famous alt tiktokers in LOL.
Im offended they didn't say Anime Tiktok
none of these videos have been getting recommended to me. :(
tbh they don't get why the ban is taking place. Like the Chinese government has been up to some shady shit and the data they take can be used against the government of the country you are living in.
That’s not the most liked video on Tik Tok *cough* 🐝
I'm sorry Michael but unfortunately ur most liked video on tiktok got beaten by a girl who just nodded her head...
I love how when Zach King got the chance to promote something it was something real and not just self promotion. Here for it
What a load of rubbish
you should do a video with old vine creators
Zach is a youtuber I thought 😂
I- Now here I thought Charli Damelio was gonna be on here
No way the average time on the app is 52 minutes. I will edit this later to say how long I spend on it.
commentary channels: *makes videos discussing the situation and controversy concerning lauren and her boyfriend’s gross glorification of domestic abuse and toxic relationships*  lauren, still actively making these types of videos: i am being BULLIED! these people making videos about me and my boyfriend, showing our faces (what? dude youre a tiktoker, you do that in every video?) are so HATEFUL and CRUEL! whats the point of bringing people down like that?!? 😭😭🤬🤯😱
Lauren calling herself a influencer I horrible especially when her content is aimed to a young audience yet such horrible things it’s stereotypical kid content but it’s bad. She shouldn’t be on the internet. Her face looks like she has a disability and so does her content it’s bad
I'm ok with Tiktokers who make original, Vine like, content but the ones who just dance to songs and crap like that, I utterly despise.
I love how the people from straight tik tok had the audacity to call alt tik tok ~weird~ Smh I’m so glad you’re straight just don’t call everyone else weird because they’re different than you okay thank you 🥰
Could you interact with Ex famous viners?
Hehe elf
lol my favorite thing about the videos are the dramatic intros, like do they feel sucked into the vicious circle of content creation, leaving them with nothing but sadnes? this channel is really cool 😎 and i’m not coming at anyone lol
ghvb i love
They have the tiktoker with the most viewed video and the tiktoker with the most liked video, They should've had Charli instead of Loren cuz she's the most followed person on tiktok
Iv never seen them on tik tok like when i think of tik tok i don't think of these people
When lauren godwin said that staight tiktok was "regular" my mind immediately remembered that tiktok started as people cosplaying and having fun. So staight tiktok is anything but "regular".
Zach king is a internet icon, he can make it on any platform
Forgot charli. That hard to contact huh?
Wait wait wait .... That means that approximately 1.2 billion users only watches tiktoks.....welp
Most liked vid on TikTok bella poarch and british cats be like are you sure boit yhat
Low key china owning a app is more scary because their government is able to take any info they want from the apps with no questions asked, unlike other American social app that still gather data, but it is private to their company.
love anthony but Charli legit has the most followers on the app😂
not to be that guy but, who are these people
I love Michael lee his videos make me smile
Jaydstryder was not on here im sad lol
invite Charli
Hit or miss girl should be here she’s literally the FACE of tiktok
Zach King deserves to stay on top especially at the end, and he was so different to other content creators. It was genius and it was his own kinda style, I hope he really stays on top just like Ryan Higa and other youtubers.
I’m waiting for twitch biggest streamers
Im sorry but Lauren's personality gets on my nerves, no offense to her but i dont think her personality meshes with mine
look at the time on this.
*its the most liked video on tiktok* Bella porch be like *m to the beats m to the beats* 🐝
How about jason derulo and charli demlo and dexi demlo huh
hi
is tiktok really gonna be deleted? if so then im screwd
they really had to include Lauran in this?
guys.. i think im in straight tiktok
Ahhh yes biggest video on tiktok 200 million views  Zach king right after: yeah my video had 2 billion
I'm on tiktok every day and have never seen these people ever on my feed. That algorithm is crazy.
I think it’s funny how people think tik tok is a dancing app when it was a meme app but people ruined it with the stupid dances. People think straight tik tok is the only side of tik tok. And these straight tik timers trying to call alt cringe..... ok then.
so like anyways- tom found dracotok on his birthday
The word influencer makes me want to vomit 🤮. It’s so narcissistic.
ive literally only ever heard of Lauren lmao and i blocked her within maybe 2 days
So,,,,straight tiktok?
I’m on gay/weeb tiktok so I see literally NONE of their vids on my fyp, even when I first joined
These are obviously not even the top 5 most followed tik tok stars like come on Anthony do better then that
Why is the girl like oh my gosh they’re being so mean to me when they make rude and offensive jokes/pranks no hate
I love how Zach said foster care while everyone else said to follow them. He is so sweet.
It’s more like hype house for straight tik tok
These guys don’t exist to me
Bro I went to middle school with Michael this is wild
aww the way zac king didn't shout out himself and instead said to think about fostering if you can is amazing and I truly hope to be as positive and unproblematic as him one day
I thought that was Michaels son for a while
I used to follow Michael but i unfollowed cuz he was on straight tik tok and the fact that he called Alt tik tok weird like are you kidding  me
they should do a video on depression cause yk its suicide prevention month
At the end of the video Maiko and Lauren prompted their selves but instead of that Zach literally chose to asked people to think about helping children instead of fame. He deserves all the fame he has. He has a good personality AND talented. This gives my hope in humanity 😃
ancient is 2 years ago? 😁
DID HE JUST CALL ALT THE WIERD ONE?
Man Zach is so selfless too! He literally used his shoutout to talk about foster care! He's such a nice guy.
Honestly I don't like TikTok but I love Zach King and his videos.
where is Charli d,amelio
did she just call alt tiktok cringey?!! um gurll...
Ewww lauren....
Stop breaking your roof
Out of all the people on tiktok, you chose Lauren Godwin why?
how is anthony 33 i thought he was in his early twenties 💀
The ban isnt out of nowhere a bunch of tik tokers bought tickets for trumps rally so nobody showed up in other words the child got embarrassed so he threw a tantrum and wants to ban those that wronged him
If it the biggest tiktok stars then why is Lauren there?
You should do one where you interview theater kids 😂.                     P.S. I’m a theater kid 🤭
Me waiting for someone to say weeb Tik Tok  0-0
I don’t know who any of these people are 😫
Who else doesn’t like Charlie and dixie
I wish Zach King don't get called a title based on the platform he's active the most one he deserves to be called a magician or an illusionist because he has been on the internet for a while long before Tiktok
v
7:50 HONEY THE REASON IS BECAUSE YOU'RE SPREADING HURTFUL CONTENT! Does shenot remember all those abuse prank videos?!
People from gay tiktok:  👁👄👁 w... who? Who is that?
bro its been a minute since i've heard of zach king im just happy he still doin good
oh no, not them... bring Charli, Adison Rae and Moop
omg 2years am i gettng old or why does it feel like half a year ago
People always forget the cosplaying side of Tiktok!
idek what type of tiktok your guys on 0-0 but im on weebtiktok and d e e p tiktok who are these people
Zach King us literally the only one I've heard of, straight tiktok is straight lame
You know what would be awesome. Spending a day with Forensic Scientists
You had to interview fe4rless
I don’t think these people should’ve been in this video
bytedance, a beijing based internet tech company.  *shows picture of shanghai*
I'm not a bandwagoner and don't use tiktok. Can someone explain what straight tiktok is and whats the deal with this Lauren person?
Zack King Is so chill-
The fact he got Lauren instead of Charli💀💀
I wanna know how to hit that renagade and learn how to dance the woah
nobody: anthony makes a video titled TIKTOK'S BIGGEST STARS, and leaves out the D'amelio's:
The way Zach ended his part of the interview says a a lot about him ♥️
RIP TikTok in America
Lauren and her fake boyfriend
I think the dance guy (jonathan) is underrated, why no one talked about his comment and answer tho, he is logical and true, and he made dance video on tiktok that in my opinion brings back tiktok to the crowds, idk i just like his answer and comment in this video
I just don’t like Lauren
I used to think that Anthony was just a pervert so I didn't watch his videos, but now that I watch his videos more, I love the way he interviews, he doesn't show no emotion, he laughs and actually has conversations with the person he's interviewing, I like that about Anthonys content, it makes me laugh and smile, some people aren't actually who you think they are.
I personally dislike the tik tok dancers and the pranksters. they are cringe. they are what makes me hate tik tiok. oh and the kids influensers too
Only here for Zach lol
he should've gotten charli ;-;]
0:33 BOI NOT LIKE I SEE THAT SHIRT
But Zack King also does youtube. Before TikTok...Wow
Ohhh. I love the outro! \m/
Lmao I haven’t seen any of these people on my FYP. And I only know Lauren from musically and Zack from his old vids.
Haven’t heard of any of these tiktokers 😂
Zach King was the only one that batted my eye since he's the og, making content since Vine and YouTube
Zach King was the only one that batted my eye since he's the og, making content since Vine and YouTube .
I feel bad for zach king kinda, only OGs remember when he was just a simple Viner
u should try sitting down w small tiktokers!!
Zach is literally a king
I literally love Zach king since I saw him at Vine🥺💜
the fact zach shouted out FOSTER CARE instead of his own links , says a lot about the person that he is
Pleas do ppl with cru de chat syndrome, I have it and is love to talk about it
Me:I swear if there Charlie me:NOOOOOOOOOOOOO CHARLIEEEEEEEEEEE
Lauren probably has the stupidest video I’m ngl
Tik tok is the biggest virus in 2020, corona can be runner up
Guys don't be mean and talk bad about them keep it to yourself stop saying these rude things come on i know you are better on this
What Im tryna see soon:  I spent a day with satanists.
zach king is the only person i like from tiktok
If you call straight tik tok regular tik tok YOU'RE ON STRAIGHT TIK TOK.  I mean you do you but ima stay on alt and frog tik tok. And magic tik tok. And book tik tok. Really anything else.
I dont know any of them??????
The whole comment section just - wOAh 🙀
YouTube Legend great guy
You should do a day with age regressors.
yo Michael had a video with 25m likes but now bella poarsh has a vid with 30m likes
Happy birthday!!!
Ive never been on straighttok so i don't know these people. If you do this again you should get people like erinsamjo, maegan_lemons. (Completely awesome)
Did any Kurtis Conner fans see Lauren and then think “oh wow she’s here”
Wheres Charli I'm leaving ugh !!
lets just acknowledge the fact that trump only wants to ban the app because we all collectively bullied him. also weve had this same fear since like april, because schools were closed and we were bored. trumps just keeping us on our toes.
Lol micheal sorry but someone beat your most liked TikTok
Video idea: Survivors of suicide loss? I would personally love to see that as someone who has lost their brother to suicide.
😑 I can’t with her there are so many positive and actually funny tik tokers I watch none of these I guess because I’m not in “normal” tic tok
Happy Birthday!
Am I out of the loop or something, why does it matter if the guy is gay or not?
Is no one gonna mention how Zack didn’t even shout out his social media’s and just encouraged fostering like he did for his son? Good man, good man🙏🏼
There's psychologist tiktok, and spa tiktok,
The fact that I only knew Zach
What about Charli Demilio
4:11 "It's the most liked vid on tiktok"  BellaPoarch:are you sure about that
I have TikTok...but I’m on straight and beans one so...yeah I don’t know them at all😂
3:34 The most awkward thing I’ve watched...
Why you talk about covid everyone knows that is a scam and examples in China NY Italy  was spread in only to make people panic and create "pandemics" !! This is only global test how much we agree with taking all are humans rights and isolate us! Lot of doctors say true that they need to write covid in reason of death of elderly person  only to keep  propaganda alive  besides that's tests are a joke because  lot of them is made to be positive! There was some event with massive number of deaths all around the world but it's not a virus from nowhere it's a bioweapon  to put everyone in situations what we have now! And those big events like China or NY they will put awareness in peoples mind to be easier controlled!
even tho i’m not really in straight tiktok, it kinda would’ve been cool to have charli on here 👀
Some constructive criticism: dont start your video with a "websters dictionary defines" moment. Its an instant bonerkiller.
he couldnt get charli so his next option was lauren😂
✨Lauren should not even have a platform honey ur promote abusive relation ships ect biii ✨
It just pisses me off how many people have just taken alt and alternative and made it the "basic b" thing when it's not and never will be alt, is more than a style, it's more than music, and it's more than a political ideology, it's all of them combined and more. It can never and will never be "normal" because then that would defy the whole creation of it. Hopefully one day we won't need it and people would actually be good people for once and arguing over a term some people are truly ignorant over won't have to happen
Just wanted to say happy birthday Anthony
Zach king looks like Mysterio  And he even uses CGI illusions and calls it magic  Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
His confidence level is over 9000
Tbh Anthony prob just jumps on the couch and edits the part where he jumps out, so u only see em fall
Zach King was the Magic King of Vine, his audience followed him from there.. everyone knows this..
When ur vids r so good they break the platform.
Haven’t heard of the first two... Zach is the best though
Zach for the win
Sad they didn’t mention Parent/Mom TikTok or Millennial TikTok because that’s where I live.
this isn't even the biggest stars tho. lauren godwin is weird and irrelevant, zach king is a vine star??? and that michael guy isnt even the biggest
Happy Birthday Cutie
I literally came here for Charlie D’Amelio                      Kinda disappointed... but i still enjoyed it 👍🏽
Why…just why’d you put Lauren-
4:24  no it’s not it’s the m to b girl that’s bopping her head she has 30 something million likes
I’ve watched Zach King since vine and his vids r super cool  Also on a side note TikToks algorithm is crazy!
I’m simple person I see Zach King I clicked
When the anime maid vid coming out
Reels is there because if tiktok being banned in india
Guys, he took out Lauren's links from the description
michael lee is my fav tik toker
They fr don’t know Zach King as the monumentally popular viner of 2014
You should do a video spending a day with women in STEM fields! :)
Come spend the day in Canada and interview my non famous boring ass haha 😆
Anyways what happened to the maid cafe video we were promised??
He just jumps then adds an effect to it then a sound.
I knew I remembered that lady with the blue hair and black beanie from somewhere... Kurtis Connor’s video on her boyfriend
WHERE IS CHARLI AND DIXIE
I can smell the Kurtis Town members. Hello neighbors 💪🥺
HEY ANTHONY WHERE IS THE MAID CAFE DOCUMENTARY? :DDDD
Can u guys stop taking about Lauren? Jeez, I agree with wat ur saying, but you don’t have to say the same thing jeez
I don’t think I’ve ever seen Lauren or Zack on TikTok like ever this is not who is expected to see on a video about TikToks biggest creators   Edit: that’s no longer the most liked video btw m to the b by Bella has 42. Something million likes
7:30 idk all i've watched were kurtis conner's videos on her and her boyfriend but their intention was to say "hey, sexual assault and abuse isn't funny. Stop that." Also we hate you
I can't stand lauren.
where's charli and addison at
I was about to say "he should have got charlie" and then realized maybe he tried and she didn't respond.
ZACK KING 🥺🥺🥺
im disappointed in lauren being here...
I liked your angry birds animation voice
3:36 THAT WAS SO AWKWARD I CANT TAKE IT
Please do interviewing wildlife photographers
Zach King  *_Respect_*
Hola buenas tardes y espero que me entiendas
Spend a day with SEX TRAFFIC SURVIVORS!!!
Tiktok is here to stay!
Zach sound like such a nice legit person :)
Wasn’t Zach king also popular on vine 1:49
You should interview Addison grace on tiktok she's also a singer she's got a huge following dood
I share birthdays with you. Cool.
You should do i spent a day with people with bipolar disorder! i have bi polar disorder and it would be really cool to share our stories
You should interview theiorst on YouTube (matpat, super Carlin Brothers etc)
I just wanted to say thank you for inspiring me to make my channel!!! You have helped me so much and now I'm on the road to 1K ilysm❤️
I’m really disappointed, Anthony. Why would you give here a platform?
“They’re making this video with the intention that it gets a lot of views” WOW that’s almost like.... exactly what you do :O and I highly doubt those “hater’s” are making jokes about abuse and sexual assault
Lauren: “I’m an influencer” ah yes, of course, influencing people with abuse pranks
How about I SPENT A DAY WITH MILITARY OFFICERS
Zach is the only Tiktoker I like.
Can you try to interview Brandon Rogers please?
A suggestion for something i hope to see.  A discussion on what classify as cyberbully? What sort of comments consists as bullying?
i spent a day with incels PLEASEEEE.
a suggestion i spent a day with non-binary people i’m a non-binary person and it’d be cool to see i probably couldn’t be in that video as i’m only 13 (if there’s somewhere i’m supposed to send this or something please let me know i’ll be happy to do it :3)
If you happen to see this 😅 You should interview Dahvie vanity survivors. The case/testimonies needs way more awareness. There’s a lot of testimonies on chris hansen’s channel as well as Pastel Belle’s. There’s plenty of others too. It’s a active FBI case as of right now.
im 21 and feel like a boomer wtf
Omg I used to watch you when I was younger like 8-9 years ago wow
i spent a day with fanfiction writers @-@ and im saying this because i demand to be included
I’m on gay TikTok I know NONE OF THEM 🤣
Like how u left a 30 million subscriber account for a 4 million subscriber account
All the youtubers who were litteratly my childhood are getting canceled I really hope anthony doesn't if he does I'm gonna cry
I love your content❤️😊 but it’s kinda funny when there’s a wide shot of you talking to a 📺
Bella poarch really just got more views and likes than maiko lmaoo
Would like to see Loren do an hour long fitness challenge
Lauren is so rude and problematic. Their videos are so disgustingly distasteful and rude. They make jokes about abuse and real life things that people struggle with but not in the dark humor kind of way but in the insensitive and disgusting kind of way. Personally I am glad that I don't follow her. I'm glad that she hardly ever appears on my FYP unless she is being reacted to by someone who thinks she was being distasteful.
Alguien que hable español?  ... I already feel silly to say it on an English channel
That my brother
I would love a video like ¨I spend a day with black metalheads¨ they are pretty interesting people
You should do a video on necrophiliacs
Can you spend the day with lesbians
Biggest tiktok stars but doesn't talk to the most followed person lol
Te extraño en smo
bois who has a friend thats addicted to tiktok and they will pay money for a vpn just to use it
Hey Anthony Padilla, it might be a little late, but could you sit down with *9/11 SURVIVORS?* For a suggestion, that would be interesting.      9/11/2020
hola
Spend a day with fanfic readers and writers?
Dude, people are over this fake ass pandemic.  Do people have Covid? Probably,  is it a pandemic killing everybody? Not hardly! It has a 98.6 percent survival rate. Live your life!!
ngl i remember that i loved zach kings videoes when i was younger
You should do I spent a day with PEOPLE BORN ON FEBRUARY 29TH! that’s one I would like to see
Wondering why I don't know any of these toktokers...oh because they're from straight tiktok 😂😭
I only know Michael cause I follow him and Lauren cause of Kurtis Connar's Videos
Where’s charli tho
Must be straightok....
you should do "i spent a day with buddhists"
why is the girl link not active?
where is the flavor?  Anthony should have interviewed alt-,gay-(and other) tiktokers aswell and not only the straights. How are they supposed to know what's going on in the other genres of tiktok  when they are not  part of them and  '' alternative Tiktok has a lot of older viewers'' ,clearly she has never been on alternative TIktok
Every internet people knows tiktok Specially 90% People does.. (Or is it..)
the most liked tiktok is a cat trying to get some candy in an empty toilet paper roll with 32m likes but sure dude sure
The first thing I wanna do after watching this video is going on TikTok 🤣
Soy español
Anthony padildo huhuhuhuhuhu(not a hate comment)
Ñ
I thought the guy in the thumbnail from somewhere lol
Zach king... I miss vine
I miss ien do you miss him do you sometimes visit him😢😢😢😢😢😢😭
Thanks for having my question in the video
I've watched ur video a lot this week to see what kind of journalist are you . If ur journalist who is a real journalist who provided truth and not biased opinion and not a coward in the face of political view or someone who is not afraid of the government. Please just please help my family who are uiguiyr chinese muslim. Help us spread awareness
"i spent a day with Straight TikTok stars"
Spend a day with uiguiyrs muslim
Going to be real - I’m a huge fan of Anthony Padilla but I only watched this video because I saw Lauren in the thumbnail and am truly baffled by she and Sebastian Bails (or Balls, for us fans of Kurtis Town.) She goes along with so many cruel, bizarre and triggering “pranks” that I just don’t understand why she has the audience she does. Prank culture has been around forever but her stab at it just seems so manipulative and uncaring for the victims who could be/are triggered.
Zach King has the best video quality
You should do another video that is the biggest ALT tiktok stars (for example Benkro.TV)
Notice how charli is not there?
I SPENT A DAY WITH VOTERS???
We need an alt tik tok ver!!!
why have I never heard of any of these people lol I’m on tiktok all day
If you don’t think Michael Le is attractive are you human.      (Ps. This is just a joke don’t take it seriously)
Anthony Tortilla
Hello Anthony you should spend a day with Greg’s(Danny Gonzalez fandom)
Would love to see an episode on spouses of addicts. If this comes to fruition I’d love to participate.
Cring
great vid!
The fact that she played the victim card is gross.
I was hoping to at least see one alt/gay tiktok creators. Or like MrHamilton
I hate tik tok
Hola
THAT ZACHKING MILLIONS SUBS
3:27 😐😬
lauren and her bf r famous musically ppl no one rly watches them now
I'm clearly on another side of tiktok😂
Can you do ptsd? I need that
Cool new outro
Later video: a day with people who "experienced" the backrooms
Alt tiktok>>>>>>>
I’m glad you didn’t do a video with Charli and Dixie. I am so tired of hearing about them.
I got overly excited just now cause this man named Anthony Padilla works for my school district, I thought it was you but then I found out it wasn't you😔
justmaiko's video isnt the most liked tiktok☠️
Wait how does micheal have the most viewed video but Zach broke a billion views?
Lauren is a horrible person
the silence between him and michael was great
Michael Le, very down to earth. Very soft spoken.
I spent a day with rock stars
Ok but zach king shouldn’t be associated with straight tiktok y’all.
I'm so disappointed that this is just straight tic toc
i didn’t know any of these people besides zach
2:24 minecrafter title is god tier
Yeah I watch tiktok almost everyday and I don't know this people lol maybe I'm on a different side of the algorithim with... Accountants, dinosaurs, Mr. Hamilton, plants and frogs.
Anthony I love you but this is just straight tiktok. its not a good look honey
I couldn't help but laugh when Lauren talked about the videos "hating" on her and her boyfriend. Dude, y'all were the ones who made distasteful "pranks" about sexual assault and domestic abuse. People are one THOUSAND percent allowed to call you out on it.
Ban these cringey people.
I understand you chose these people to interview because they technically have the largest followings, BUT because of tiktok’s algorithm if you’re not on their side of tiktok, you’d never see them. I spend more time then I’d like to admit on tiktok and had never heard of these three. So my proposition: do a round two with top tiktok stars from different sides of tiktok! 😄
As someone who’s on alt tiktok, I don’t think they are describing it well. They make it sound like it’s just a bunch of weirdos 🥺
Only O.G's remember the original TikTok, and It's Vine
just realized how Anthony looks a lot like Darren Criss lol...dunno why i but i just had to comment that
I didn't know anyone on here but im on Alt and witch tiktok
Hey. You should spend a day whit professional models
👇🏻ppl that miss the old Antony
Lauren shouldn’t be on here
The only ones ik is Just Mako and Zack King
I remember when I used to watch Zachking in Vine  . . . . . . . So long ago
Im disappointed in Anthony for supporting her
No offence but Lauren isn’t rlly popular anymore :/
Sit down with extual hackers please (like if u want this too)
Hey Anthony, could you possibly cover the giantess fetish communit
what side of tiktok is this cuz i dont know anybody
You should do ADHD I’d personally as well as many others would be very happy with that video
Lauren be doing 24 hours challenges boys we gotta up our game now
Anthony's pants are painted on his legs. How does this man even move in those jeans lol
Anyone else here after we saw that one video 👦🔫
his video isnt the most liked anymore
Zach shouldn’t of been here. He’s not even known for being on tiktok
Just clicked for Zach❤️ I don’t even have tik tok so I don’t know who these people are, but I’ve been a fan of Zach’s content since he was on vine
Remember when everyone hated tik tok and made fun of it  But srsly it’s a good app and it’s acc funny and relatable
“I spend a day with Type 1 Diabetics” could be a good idea for you that i’d love to see as a type 1 diabetic myself, lots of people are uneducated on the disease and don’t even know the difference between type 1 and 2 even tho it is so common in america, just a suggestion, loving ur content man
People who don’t know who Zach King is probably live under a rock, and he is the third most followed person on TikTok, so he is definitely a TikTok star, of course he got his fame from vine, but still, he has been on tiktok for a while now making awesome videos.
Hey Anthony! How about an interview people with PPD (Paranoid Personality Disorder)
Estou tan acostumbrado a escucharte con tu doblaje en español :v
Hear me out, alt tiktok, intwrview neuon banks, caleb finn, avivia sofia, the whole gang
Zack don’t know shit he just there for the money and to make radical videos. 😂😂😂
Anyone else just click for Zach King but otherwise hate tiktok
I had to use the translator to find out what Anthony said and I speak Spanish
Zach was good to vibe with, idk who that other guy was, Lauren was just not it, I could tell Anthony was uncomfortable with her
this is the amount of people that want Tennessee to come back >
You should do another video with tik tok cosplayers
i would definitely watch a video dedicated to the profession of escorts.
i love your channel but lauren- chile...
Lauren and her boyfriend are such bad "creators", why feature them? They're toxic and dumb.
What happend to "The Wonderful World of...." :/
Wait. Wait. I was never really on vine and I only know the bare minimum about it (I’m into higher tier memes) but YOURE TELLING ME, THAT ‘2 BROS CHILLIN IN A HOT TUB, 5 FEET APART CAUSE THEY’RE NOT GAY’ WAS MADE BY ANTHONY?!
lauren always gave me weird vibes and i had no idea why because i didn't watch her. seeing these comments i'm glad to you know i was right.
Lauren...honey, you are influencing people to do horrible things.
I don’t know them cause I’m not on straight tiktok
I feel very uncomfortable seeing Lauren on this...
Michael Le doesn’t have the most liked TikTok it’s Bella Poarch M to the b TikTok
Never forget about anime tik tok 👁👄👁
i’ve never seen these people on my fyp in my life😳
Should spend a day with Vtubers ^^
he should sit down with gachatubers.
HOW DOES HE MAKE TIK TOK SOUND DRAMATIC?
Ngl, anthony doesn't feel the same on this video (at the start at least).  Editing is not that good, im sorry.  I love these videos, please bring back the old vibe (which is the same vibe there was 2 weeks ago).
Nice video. Like
Lauren saying that there’s no reason to hate her and her boyfriend is not it sis
Anthony ILY and your content, but sometimes i feel the intros are too serious, this one i think fit pretty well tho
I was subscribed but for some reason YouTube unsubscribed me????
"Regular" tiktok is straight up dancing and dumb pranks. I also never have even heard of these people besides Zach and I've only ever seen a couple of his videos. This video could have done so much better.
I’m on frog TikTok 😆🐸
Stop taking
Not a fan how they be making thousands or millions for making 20 sec vids while people do much more complex and important jobs but I'm not in charge it's whatever do you
Can you do one about endometriosis? I suffer from it and would love to see other women with endo  perspective on it.
No one:        Me:*waiting for charli*🙃🔫
As predicated, I know none of these people nor have ever seen them on my For You page 😂😂😂 They must be from straight tiktok
IM TELLING YOU GUYS trump isn’t telling us why he’s actually trying to ban the app !!! don’t you guys get it ??? trump thought millions of people were going to show up to his rally but it flopped.. why ? BECAUSE OF TIKTOK !!! so many more of us are educated as to why trump SHOULD NEVER BE RE-ELECTED !!! why? BECAUSE. OF. TIKTOK. !!!! this app plus the entirety of gen z has so much power to change things and trump doesn’t like it.... thanks for coming to my ted talk
Lauren doesn’t deserve to be in this video she doesn’t count as a TikToker in my opinion
you should do I spent a day with trump supporters so we can see why they support him because I honestly have no idea why the support him
you should do another on like this but for alt tiktok
Plz spend a day with people with adhd plzzz 🥺🥺🥺
Lauren shouldn't say straight Tik Tok is normal
Lauren saying people are so mean to her and everyone should be empathetic but she is the one taking advantage of people's trauma for views.
video idea: interview the  funny side of tiktok/not straight tiktok
Why isn’t only jayus here
Please do a video with ghost hunters/investigators 👻
can you make a video about OCD suffers? when i first got my diagnosis i thought it was curable and it hurt me a lot when i found out you can't cure OCD so i would love to talk about it if you'd have me. if not me, then i am sure others would like to hear it because i denied having it due to stigma and jokes.
I’m 26 and I love tiktok so much! I’ve never seen dancing videos. Here’s what I watch and is completely my personality:  Witchtok Conspiracy theory tok  Plantok Food Blacktiktok Standup comedy Ghost tok Holisticmedicine Science  History Astrology Mushroom tok Bean tok Frog tok
Most of these tikokers no one really likes they irrelevant 😭😭 interview alt tiktokers
Dixon cider
Zach is the only one I can kind of tolerate being in this video. Lauren does very harmful "pranks" and is just not a good person. Idek the other dude but he seems like another one of those toxic men on straight tiktok. Really wish there was someone from alt tiktok here. Alt tiktok isn't cringy like Lauren said, it's people wearing alternative fashion (goth, punk etc.) and just spreading positive energy. They talk about important subjects and use their platform for good, unlike these people who just make dancing videos and make jokes about very serious topics that should NOT be joked about.
"Using our faces to just so everyone can agree to dislike one person."  Says the person who has a boyfriend that makes fun of trauma????  TRIGGER WARNING -> (examples:  sexual assault, domestic abuse, loss of family members because they were part of the army, apologies for his mistakes but does them again...?)  If you want to change & say you're gonna stop doing the things that you do... Then please keep your "promise."  I know how hard it is to be a content creator but please be mindful of people's GENUINE traumas. :(
Damn my notifications are blowing up
Lauren Godwin why tf is she here? I am not surprised  why People don't like her😂
Can you do a video talking with people who have functional neurological disorder/conversion disorder?
Antony german
That chick being like, I dont get why you would make videos to dislike other people" but like all the videos were talking about how harmful her content was in framing relationship abuse as a joke. Shes sucks bro
Ngl I never heard of the first 2  And Zack I still know from Vine so...
He no longer holds record for most liked TikTok- which is kinda wild. Bella Poarch has the most liked video now.
My algorithm must be weird because idk who any of these people are lol
im ok with them except Lauren lets be honest, no one likes her videos anymore
Sorry but I gotta dislike for interviewing Lauren
Hey I wondered if you could do a video about people with nvld. We don't really have alot of awareness and majority don't even know we exist.
THIS VIDEO- ITS  LITERALLY 20:20 LONG
Why does  Lauren’s room look like Danny Gonzalez’s
I dont even know one of this people, that's on alt tiktok
i know there´s a bad side to tik tok and all but i just love the app, it´s so entertaining, during this pandemic it was a real saver to create an account...
I don't know the other two except Zach but I feel like he shouldn't be interviewed with these people. I mean he is a lot better than them
I've been waiting for this since the lase episode
It would be hilarious if lil huddy was interview again😂😂
“For no good reason.” Sweetie have you not seen your videos..... faking going to the army
Zach is the best i remember watching him when i was a Kid.
ew tik tok
I am from India and in my country, our government has already banned tiktok, pubg and 100+ more Chinese apps. Not spreading hate but the Chinese influence on our economy was pretty bad. So guys if tiktok is banned in your country then don't feel sad. It's just an app....if you are talented you will grow on any platform.
I was into the video until Lauren was on-screen!!! It is not cool to have someone like her on the show. VERY disappointed with this. This is the first of Anthony's videos I had to stop watching/didn't want to see. 😶
PLEASE do this but with alt tiktok
why would he give lauren a platform?
but can we talk about how the video is 20:20 long? lmao
Only Willy Wonka (Duke Depp) was missing
Lauren. Donate the add revenue from yours and sebastians extremely insensitive videos. Domestic vilolance is not a joke or a prank.
petition for: I spent the day with anothony padilla
i dont know who any of these people are skdjngkns is this what straight tiktok is
14:40 basically the whole Reddit community
I love you Anthony but u brought the worst people u can get 🧍🏻‍♀️
I'm disappointed in this episode in general. I think you should revisit I spent the day with Tiktok stars and spend the day with ALT TikTok users, straight Tiktok only represents a portion of the app and it's users. Alt tiktok is NOT for older users its for just about everything straight tiktok isn't, things like activism, original content and creative stories, it's a place that gives unique people a save place until the tiktoks algorithm puts your video on straight tiktok's for you page. It for gay folks, alt/punk folks, gender nonconforming Folks, folks with disabilities, folks of all gender race and size, and folks who care about each other and just want to witness a better world. That's what alt tiktok means to me And it saddens me to see it diminished as the weird kid group of tiktok.
You should do a video about anxiety disorders
I’m sorry but the people in this video aren’t really Tik toks biggest stars, I don’t even think some of them are relevant anymore plus didn’t that Lauren girl do a prank on her boyfriend abusing her or smthn!?!? (Zach is pretty cool tho)
It makes me so uncomfortable seeing people who aren't on Alt tiktok or Gay tiktok talking about it.... and calling straight tik tok "regular". Y'all are missing the point and what the different "categories" of tik tok actually means...
We like your videos...Talking to young tiktok stars is amazing... Lots of love and wishes from  DEEP SENSE. India.
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT HOW GOOD ZACH'S QUALITY ISSSSSS
Can you spend a day with people with ADHD? I have ADHD amd it'd make me really happy
Lauren, and yo cheeto boyfriend, delete the videos donate the money
Do a video with bigbossboze!
Why so dramatic💀💀💀
That’s strange, with a tiktok video that accumulates the most likes ever, I never even heard or seen this video before, until now! 4:18
7:55 she’s literally defending her bf while he made a video about him wanting to do it with her without her consent and acting like he’s going to the army when it hurts many people to see one of their family members go away for years and that he literally treats her like shit
I mean, even if tictok will be banned, why everyone looks at It as if that’s the end for American tictokers..? Just download VPN and use it.  It’s like in Russia they banned the largest app that everyone uses daily, but everyone is still using it with VPN.
Off topic from the video but am I the only one who thinks Anthony sounds like seth macfarlane just a higher voice? Idkw but I can hear it
Where was Charli D’amelio last time I checked she was the BIGGEST Tik Tok Star.😒🥱🙄
Zach promoting foster care >>>>>
i sometimes forget that dance videos are the biggest things on tiktok- my fyp is literally all frogs and cottagecore videos
I get about 8 hours a day on tiktok... and I only know Zach from vine... I would have liked this better if it was people not just from “straight tik tok””
They are from straight TikTok ion fuck w that
i should be in this
I’m 40 and I watch TikTok and my hubby is 43 and he spends hours on it. It is fun sharing TikTok videos in our family text chat with our 21 year old, 17 year old and 12 and 11 year old. Lol
Lauren is a no no
Alt tik tok isn't cringe thooo
I've never watched or heard of Lauren before this video, but I've made my mind up on her already. I really don't like her.
alt tik tok has no idea who these people are lmfao
as a TikTok addict i don't know any of theme looool nice video thou
I started thinking about Anthony Padilla and then I remembered his Sex Ed song with I Set My Friends on Fire 😂
This is straight tik tok 🤮🤢
wait so despite everyone saying to get alt tiktokers in the community post, you didn't?? and you interviewed LAUREN??? wtf dude
Can you make i spent a day with a Muslim?
what "alt tiktok" are they watching??? This ain't it
Where's charli
I really don't be on straight tiktok, I never see these people
*straight tiktok's biggest stars
cottagecore tiktok!
grass tiktok rise up
honestly? cut out lauren and reupload it with sticksy617 and feralbastard
You all really don't understand Anthony's style. Whether he agrees or not, he's bringing things to a light
There’s no deny that TicTok DO steal data
While I do love this, I do think it's also important to spread some of the bad that TikTok is doing. For example: They recently launched a creator fund which is absolutely tanking views of a ton of creators. Some go from getting thousands of views per video to getting maybe a few hundred.   It's also important to talk about how they are suppressing the content of minority creators. Us LGBTQ+ have had our views being so low for the longest time. TikTok is only good for the "marketable" creators.
i got so angry when Lauren said those things about alt tiktok cause she makes the cringiest tiktoks on the whole platform
I only like Zach King here. 😂
Okay, okay I remember the blue haired girl... yiikes
Who are these people
Clicks on video: This’ll be fun :3          Sees Lauren and remembers Sebastian Skittles Hair Army Ballls:       *oh NO—*
it's just mindblowing how can Lauren and Zach be in the very same video x)
I’m 31 & love tik tok 😆
THE WAVY AND THE POPING OUUU
I don't know any of those :0
I get it that lauren has done some despicable things but I think the point of these series is give a platform to everybody, trying to understand perspectives of different kind of people so I dont think its strange that Anthony chose her. She does represent a certain group of  "ticktock stars" because so many do stupid shit like that
Oh that's the guy who yelled on the escalator
The reason videos are made of her is because she is doing very degrading and dangerous pranks that allow people to think that the shit they are doing is ok. And what they are joking about should NEVER BE FUNNY !
Why isn't anyone talking about Maiko??? He is is adorable
Alt tiktok is the weird side?!? Are you sure about that??
Bruh that 1 cat vid has 30 mill likes bruh
Anthony really got the bottom of the barrel tik tokers huh
Where is Queen Charli?
appreciate Zach King, he used the 5s shout out to promote foster care, what a man
I was just waiting for Zack to come out of the screen or Anthony throw the t shirt to him and booom he’s wearing it hahah
when tik tok get banned in the us, every big tik toker needs to get a job 😂
Did I miss something? Since when is straight Tik Tok the 'normal Tik Tok'? Um...pretty sure that is the super tiny subsection that people usually try to avoid😅
went to the same highschool as zach <3
Lauren a influencer? I have heard many people that they have an abusive relationship
That kid Michael seems too really revolve his content on views and numbers. He knew exactly how many views his videos had. Idk how healthy that's gonna be for him
How are they making money on tiktok that one guy said he bought a house?
I think you should do "i spent a day with mukbangers"😂
DO AN INTERVIEW WITH GEEZMOE FROM TIK TOK
he should do "i spent a day with people with adhd " i think that would be interesting
i wish there was more representation in this video :/ a lot of people find tiktok cringy until theyve seen the alternative side of tiktok. theres also plenty of verified alt tiktok stars on there to be interviewed
Lmao Zach dominated Tiktok🤣  This is how you know I’m not with the times 😔
H                                                        H                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            H
I just hope that whoever did something that is disapproved get what they deserve.
ew laurens here 🙄
I love how zach king is 1080p and the other 2 is 360p
7:53 what is reason the you say? 🤡🤡 ma'am you do "pranks" about domestic and sexual abuse
Comedy/vine tik tok is where it’s at
Zach, the former viner, is the only humble one out of the three of them.
I really think it would be interesting for Anthony to spend a day with Gen Z kids, just to figure out what we think
These are not tiktoks biggest stars. I only know one of them. If he wanted tiktoks biggest stars he should have gotten better people that his fans would actually know and the ones that have the most followers and I doubt they have the most followers out of all tiktok.
When nobody admires his handwriting on his shirt :
Lmao ✨straight✨ tiktok
I use tiktok all the time and idk who any of these people are
wait, this guy said alt tictok was the weird side..? what, i thought straight tictok was the weird one and alt tictok is normal. And isnt alt tictok where the cottage-core lesbians are at? but i like them, theyre cute and wholesome 🥺
spend a day with peta extremists
I love all of Anthony's vids, and of course, this has nothing to do with him and I'm sure he was unaware of this but, Lauren, I'm sorry you just have to stop making "Prank" videos where your boyfriend continuously pretends to abuse u in multiple different ways, its harmful to abuse survivors and the main demographic that the channel aims towards is children with the prank content bright colors and emojis, seriously, that behavior is just not ok, i don't want to be a snowflake and i usually wouldn't make a comment about stuff like this because honestly, it's very hard to offend me, but oh my, what your channel Lauren and Sebastian do on their channel is just not in the slightest way ok. ABUSE ISN'T FUNNY!!!!!!
alt tik tok and gay tik tok are the best sides of tik tok nobody can change my mind....... also straight tik tok is the worst i do not make the rules
damn i’m really deep in emo / cottagecore/ gay tiktok bc I have not seen these creators before 😭
I’m curious does he pay people for interviews or do they just do it or do certain people this and that
Love this series! Removing “wonderous” from the title of the series is a really positive change. It provides more compassionate when interviewing people who have been through trauma or have mental health issues!
Why isn’t Charli D’amelio on here😞
I love Zach!! Remember watching him on Instagram a lot
Where is Charli? She's the most followed creator con TikTok!
Ship Lauren a pizza w the shirt
Next do gay tik tok stars
I'm just kind of disappointed to just see str8 tiktok creators represented. I mean, alttok, gaytok etc exists and it's huge, and barely gets any recognition
I never wanna hate on a video of yours but... when you said "Beijing based company", you used the Shanghai skyline. Lol otherwise love the content
I saw the blue haired girl and just couldn’t continue watching it
ok so we have blue berry girl and 2 other dudes
wheres mr.Bruno :(
I really thought he was gonna bring Charli D'amelio
sf
peen
why is the blueberry here
Disappointed by this video sadly, I don't understand why he chose Lauren because of her abuse and sexual assault "pranks."
zach is the only talented one
bleh..tik tok. sorry I had
how much does that ceiling replacement cost? That's gotta get expensive after a year or so
i did an assignment for school on tiktok if it is a threat
Girl with the blue hair is the ugliest human I’ve ever seen
bruh the kid is so arrogant
i would’ve enjoyed to see a black creator from tiktok speak on how they’ve been treated or shadowbanned on the app, everyone cares about the app being banned but wtf...
Antoni yo te e visto desde chico de seguro que no me estás entendiendo en español pero eres un ídolo para mi
Zach is 10/10 the best out of all straight TikTok
Witchtok was my fave place to be when I was on it. I somehow stumbled upon bird tiktok and that was hella interesting. There are literally endless communities, haha. Xoxo
When he said “my creator friends with small to medium following of 2M” and I’m over here like 🥺👉🏻👈🏻 I only have 60k and I was proud of that, I thought I was a decent sized account 😭
To whom ever see this comment i pray 2 u 2 find peace nd happiness in your life.
pls do the alt side tiktok stars
Where's charli d'amelio?
you should so do conjoined twins next that would be cool
6:28, jumps in seat, cuts the video to the exact moment he falls on the chair, adds roof breaking gfx, adds sound effect, done
I want to know what the guests sees in the video call...
I hope it still gets banned lol
Zach king was in musically (old tiktok) and ye was the only one who did sick tricks while eboys just lipped songs with a dance aswell which is not entertaining
It would have been so awesome if you brought on kallmekris. Shes (in my opinion) one of the funniest and most genuine people on tiktok.
Lauren of all people though?
I guess I'm in the minority, but I don't use ticktock!??!  I had never seen the female ticktocker before!
They are all so stupid. Epic
Tiktok is not being banned for just “security”....a young adult committed suicide, live, on the app, and it remained up for over an hour... THEN the company called their PR team before the police. The police weren’t notified for THREE HOURS after this kid died. And then never addressed the issue. They are a disgusting company as far as morals are concerned. They SHOULD BE BANNED!!!!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
(Laughs in millennial)
So like you couldnt get Beerbong john, youth pastor Ryan, or iron sanctuary?
If your not alt you really don’t understand. Not to say they don’t but they don’t understand.
These are always so damn insightful
I wanted to see who was in the video and say Michael le and was like MAIKO OMG
alt tiktok is the only good tiktok
Hii,random but u should do I spent a day with shifters.
Lauren doesn’t deserve to have the attention she has. She is involved with horrible pranks about sexual abuse and other stuff
Know Zack from old youtube but I've never seen them on tiktok. Who are these people?
Dang. Again I havent ben geting your video in my recomended and needed to look for it.
when your a tiktoker but can't name the 5 main sides of tiktok......
lauren really said she doesn't understand while people hate her... she makes videos about abuse and stuff of course people don't like her
Hey Anthony Not trying to hate, I love all your vids but I have a couple points to say.  1. Lauren should not be here, she makes pranks and jokes about sexual abuse and when anyone called her out on it she calls them haters. Even though she is making the problematic content.  2. I wish we had tik tok stars from like gay or alt tik tok as is would bring them a huge platform as tik tok loves to down play them and push them under the rug!
yes i’ve seen michaels viral dance video but i don’t know why he’s on here bc i don’t think he’s that well known. and i really don’t know why that lauren is on here bc i’ve never seen one of her videos and i’ve heard so much bad stuff about her. i recognised her from Kurtis conners video
Christian or religious scientists would be an interesting episode
Can you do "I spent a day with REAL KARENS"
Anthony Now vs Anthony 10 yrs before - huge difference
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine 🍥   Btw read my name...⬆️
To the person that's reading this: You're a very intelligent and aborable human! Stay healthy during quarantine 🍥   Btw read my name...⬆️
I CAN'T FOR CONJOINED TWINS EPISODE
all of these creators are on straight tiktok, I kinda wish he had also talked with some of the more popular creators from alt tiktok.
Literally the 1% of people who are reading this.... I strongly hope your parents live longer then a 100 years with awesome health 🙏🏻❤
Lauren: people just dislike me idk why Us: you are making light of sexual assault and rough topics!!!!
America isn’t the first one to ban tiktok   Also I think the point of the ban is a different country we dont trust collecting data
Should’ve had Britney Broski
Do metalheads or punks
I kinda thought I was going to see Addison rae but well, at least Michael is here😃
I loveeeeeee how they think that straight tik tok is normal and alt tik tok is wEiRd
Psh saying alt tiktok is weird,at least we have actual original content,instead of doing the same basic things over and over
as tiktokers we do not claim lauren godwin,,,, please redo this video with creators that people actually like
That guy alwaysssss wears that beanie.  Does he wash it, does he have a million of them that’s why he wears it everyday ?? I need to know
Can you do people with ADHD please?
I hate tik tok in general
Also Im on instagram to see pictures, and now my timeline is getting clogged with reels 😢
7:32      Cries in kurtis town
hey Anthony lol Wengie did a vid about finding out who her yt boyfriend is.....     guess what...it was u xd
i hate how most famous tiktokers didn’t even have musically or tiktok in the beginning
I miss the old sound when they introduce the guests 🥺
Thanks for uploading i was getting bored
I got a question are you jewish
The fact that I'm not on straight tiktok but I immediately knew who that girl is shows how much her content caused a lot of ppl grief. If you do something shitty we may not all hear it but MAN the lengths ppl go in other communities to make sure we don't get into predatory or abusive content creators   Honestly if you get to alt tiktok you will see how it is the most supportive community you've ever been on then you will never go back on straight tiktok 🤗🤗 cosplay, witch, dnd, and Artist tiktoks for the win
Get stickbugged lol ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜ ⬜🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜ ⬜⬜⬜🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜ ⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜🟩⬜🟩🟩⬜🟩⬜⬜ ⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜🟩⬜ ⬜🟩⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜🟩
Cut Lauren godwin out off this video Anthony
that platform is for degenerates
Sitting down with WWE Superstars when?
Can you do a video with alt tiktok stars? I hate straight tiktok and I don’t like any of these creators, I’m sure I’m not the only one
I get the hate on the abuse prank girl but I feel like this comment section was so judgmental towards Zach and Michael
TikTok kind of gay
that was nice of zach to talk about foster care instead of shouting himself out
Nice, Vine was better
I thought that was his son the whole time..
Please interview light-theme users next
BRING BACK VINES
These kids seem nice, but I hope these platforms get banned hard so they have to face reality again and work hard for their careers.
Zach is more of a Vine star than a TikTok star
I wanted to see, Chris Udalla, Mr.Brun0, witch tok, cat tok, frog TikTok, anime tok, lgbtq+ tok, Ghosthoney, ANY FEMALE creator bc 💗women💗 not the dancer or that lady sorry :c I love all of your content though!! You still did an amazing job of interviewing them!! Ily🙂
I would love another tiktok video with influencers from different areas of tiktok, like cosplayers, artists, bakers etc. I didn't know any of these people besides Zach King but I knew him from youtube not tiktok
You'd think as a interviewer  you would research the people you are interviewing ? Anthony should have found out  about how Lauren and her orange boyfriend make videos making a joke of domestic ab*se and s*xual assault before putting her in his videos.
do this video again...but with good creators like sarah lugor (shreksdumptser on tiktok)
Im loving anothonys drip
i wish these were actually good tik tok stars
I'm sorry but alt tiktok is one of the best sides of tiktok. It doesn't have "older viewers" as Lauren described it. It's so good
i Hate Zach King always have and always  will
Don't forget Twitch to. Once you get partnered on there you have to give them your banking information that way when someone subs to you or donates bits you get some of the money.
i only like the zach king
I’ve seen some of Zach king’s stuff. He’s really talented
7:54 wHAt IS THe rEasoN
Lauren is the equivalent of brushing your teeth then drinking orange juice
Not Lauren 😬😬😬😬 I'm not watching this 👁👄👁 u tried but not again ❤
If you intend to keep up the vid and not talk about how problematic Lauren is, maybe you should pull a Kurtis Conner & donate the revenue for this video to a foundation that helps people. Kurtis did this with his videos about Lauren & her bf & it was awesome to see that
Can you talk about vtuber
diamonds remnants
THE IRONY  I was watching the video and at THE MOMENT he said  "What do you think about the app being banned by the end of September?"  A freaking tiktok app pops up!!!🤣
"Think about foster care" - What a great guy!!
I didn’t really like this video because I felt like it wasn’t diverse enough it felt like he was kinda grabbing from the same section on TikTok there are different types of categories of videos‘s yeah they’re dance Videos‘s but they’re also like art Videos‘s and cosplay, frog TickTok like there are so many and it just feels like he just kind of picked a few that are kind in the same category
brick tok gang
Dunno why that girl is on her, her videos are super toxic, I'd consider re-editing and uploading tbh
I feel like TikTok's best feature is it's algorithm, it does an incredible job at sorting through the millions of videos to bring you exactly what you enjoy, and the videos being short doesn't make them worse, in fact I believe it makes them better because not only do they have to be creative with their timing but it means that it's more based on short funny skits with creative themes than high budget shorts.
7:37 citizens of Kurtistown rise
i just watched like half of brandon rogers channel please do a vid with him lmaoo
I'm sorry in advance about my dislike, but I'm doing it because lauren is not someone who should be given platform. Her videos are not "pranks", they promote abuse. I can't support that.  Again, sorry.
Wait a minute, Anthony made the “two bros chilling in a hot tub, five feet apart cause they are not gay” vine ?or something like that
I love how the guy has so much respect for litterly everyone. He is always so understanding and still funny! I’m a gay stud girl and I have SO MUCH freakin respect for him.
So make a video on tic tok then go viral soon that will get you a whole house WOW .
It's clear these influencers know nothing about alt tiktok
I’m pissed YouTube only recommended this now😕
Zachking shouting out foster care for his promo segment, yesssss! I don't follow Tiktok stuff, but what I have seen of his I love.
I'm disappointed that he didn't bring Charli the QUEEN of tik tok on
I’m sorry but these are probably the worst tik tok stars you could’ve chosen
I wonder if Anthony has to use 1/5 of his monetisation to patch the roof that he is always crashing through ?
PRISON TIK TOK IS THE BEST
I love all of your videos in this series. One that I thought would be a great idea is one that is close to my heart.  “I spent a day with SAHMs (Stay at home moms)”. Stay at home moms are often criticized and stereotyped as being lazy, or generally taken for granted. Meet some moms and see how much they really do.
That moment when that guy Disney have the most liked video on tiktok I've seen 1billion
“It’s the Wal-Mart version”  Wal-Mart: *nah homie, were tryna buy TikTok. TikTok is the Wal-Mart version”
Hola como estas me manfo german
I made my way to Korean Cottagecore Steampunk tiktok recently so....
He din't say the *wondrous* world of the biggest tik tok stars...
"Creator" being a lamest title? I mean, for you yeah, but for the greatest creators in history is an insult. *laughs in Davinciano*
I really hope we can see Anthony interview tik tokers on the other side of the algorithm and talk about how it’s becoming a news source for the youth
Hi, could You spend a day with a person with schizoid personality disorder? It's really important for me.
Hi, could You spend a day with a person with schizoid personality disorder? It's really important for me.
I love how the one guy didn’t promote himself but brought up foster care
It’s cool to see Zach King is still super popular to this day. I saw I’m on vine a long time ago and was just completely amazed by his videos
Lauren Godwin does not deserve to be here there many other people who do but her no
Honestly love Zach King! 👑
WHY TF DID HE CHOOSE LAUREN OVER CHARLI OR LITTERALY ANY TIKTOKER LIKE THEY ARE SO MANY
I miss him saying "Wondrous World" of "Insert Title" cause some people don't really know their occupation of something out of the ordinary and would wonder what it's like being in their shoes. So "Wondrous" is a nice keyword to Anthony's introduction to every "Spend the day w/" videos.
All of y’all are talking about Lauren but can we take a minute to appreciate how instead of Zach giving himself a plug he promoted foster care!! What a legend
oh so straight tik tok...
the outro is sick
I wish we could get TikTok subcultures. Like alt or cottage core and how the audiences differ.
INTERVIEW FUNNY AND RELEVANT TIK TOKERS
I’ve always found Lauren Godwin’s “comedy” out of my taste. I’ve never really liked her content even all the way back in her musically days.  Not to mention she tried to insert herself into the James Charles/Tati/Jeffree Star/whoever else drama last year.  Idk I’ve just never really been into her type of content and the last video I’ve seen of her was the whole thing about her breaking James Charles’ makeup pallets.  I’m shocked to read that she has made tasteless ab*se ‘pranks’ for her young audience.
AND CHARLI IS NOT IN THIS VIDEO💀
Man I'm not a tick tok user but I'm genuinely concerned after reading these comments. I don't know why people watch fucked up tiktok clips but what scares me is that it promotes a dangerous mindset if a  bad person is propped up.
Anyone never seen any of these people on tiktok?
Anthony what happened to you mate your doing interviews now?! that’s weird like sitting on your TV and watch the Couch where’s your comedy at now!
I don’t know much ab Tik Tok but I find it hard to believe that a video with 25 million likes is the most liked on the platform
Lauren Godwin is constantly crossing the line of decency for attention. I think she setup the pizza incident by having a friend comment in the live after ordering it herself.
Maybe some TikTok stars are not as easy to reach as others but I was expecting charlie or adisson or even bella proach (I don't know why she is not verified)
Please do tiktok creators part 2 with Challxn  and TheJonathanmoss and Mr.Hamilton there’s def more ppl but they def impact Tik tok for me personally. And idk if you can rn but hawkhatesyou (she recently taken a break from tiktok)
also the way they talk about these things like "g- ga😶y" LMAO we see you and we dont want you
Holy shit, two years ago????? Where did the time go..
im so angry that lauren is here,, she shouldnt have the platform she does
Where’s charli?
I hoped this would be a better video exploring the diverse layers and people on tiktok. I think you need to rethink your approach on this topic in this series because this video isn't great. I really love this series but if i were you I would really put more research onto the people you're interviewing and tiktok itself.
why did vine die
I think I love you, wow
*laughs in millennial” 🤣😂😂
"what is the reason?" well the reason is because you make sexual abuse and domestic abuse videos and calling them "pranks"
I don’t mean to be rude but I forgot Zach King existed
Alternative tiktok is not weird and is not for older viewers, is for people with a bomb ass sense of humour and that’s ittttt
Ok, the amount of people undermining the power that ByteDance and the Chinese government has through TikTok is an understatement. Wanna learn more, ask HongKongers, Uyghurs, Southern Mongolians, Tibetans, Manchurians, and the Chinese who have escaped the government's control.   Yes, those social media platforms also take in information from you, and probably more than TikTok but we know where that information is going and stored, can trust the companies to not willingly give that information to the government, and the violations made by them will brought out by the people and the government BUT *this is the opposite with TikTok*. We don't know where this information is going or stored, and ByteDance is *obligated* to share the information they have with the government, no matter the data's use.   Stop undermining the Chinese Communist Party, and stop thinking "the government is making a big deal out of it"  Sincerely,  a HongKonger.
TikTok needs a nerf
Charlie D Amelio
I've nevr heard of this guys in my life, except Zach but I thought he was retired for the sake of his viewers...
that blue haired thing is just disgusting to look at
btw i think thats not how you say padilla .its (padilya)
Feeling very old not knowing any of these omg 😅👵🏻
This is my least favorite interview video as of yet. While a lot of his videos are really informative, interesting, and fun to watch, this really didn't capture the "essence" of the TikTok environment as of right now and paints it in a bad light.  In my opinion, they should've dived more into the different sides of TikTok and searched for other creators that fit the bill. They hit the mark on Michael Le as a "straight tiktok" representative (i think he's the best of the bunch tbh) but it would've been fun to see creators from the other sides of TikTok such as the alt (that they rudely called weird), POV, and educational side.  There were so much more inspiring and appropriate role models that became big on TikTok such as Abby Roberts, Haley Sharpe, Caleb Finn, etc. that they could've gotten (because let's be real here, it would be really difficult to land an interview with a D'Amelio).  Sorry but this just screams old media interview for me.
It's a hearing experience for everybody.  Keep up the good stuff anthony
Literally only Zach has actual talent lol
Here after 19 hour.
bruh the difference between the younger creators and Zach King is very noticable.. in how the present and call themselves.. even work ethics and understanding of their work
Thing is vine used to have a shit ton of cringey too just like tik tok with the straggots but we remembered the good stuff mostly and I like tik tok more because of the diversity and variety!! There are so many different communities where you can have ur safe space.  And the Blm movement reached its peak through activism on tik tok and I enjoy the Black history lessons and alot of other informative stuff 😊😊 ( and they provide sources when it's political )
Thing is vine used to have a shit ton of cringey but we remembered the good stuff mostly and I like tik tok more is because of the diversity and variety!! There are so many different communities where you can have ur safe space too! And the Blm movement reached its peak through activism on tik tok and the Black history lessons 😊😊
This might be the first video that I cannot finish due to Lauren Goodwin you really had to pick her?
Zach King is the best person here
Idk about these guys, I'm here for Padilla ♡
Maybe not eating pizza anymore will b a good thing
I think Michael Le is the only "TikTok Star"-ish person in here.
Asking tiktokers about the security threat. Lol
Charli Damelio is punching the air rn
The fatty
It makes me sad that this is what is "tiktok" cause for me i have never seen these people on my fyp EVER. alt tikok for the win.
Literally these people are straight tiktok never see these on my fyp EVER! Zach King big from vine. not tiktok.  Lauren a gross pranks, "big" from youtube.  makio is big on tiktok, but for dancing..(which i dont care for theres alot of better tiktokers)
Great vid as always, i still wanted to see someone of Alt tiktok there, maybe next time?
Hi Anthony can you maybe do a sitting down with narcoleptic people when you have time. I’ve been diagnosed for 1 month now and I feel kinda alone in this.
Wow
At first i thought it was celinaspookyboo with a wig, but i clicked on the video and i'm disapointed.
where the duck is charlie?
Why are they famous?
dancing doesn't make you an influencer lmfao
I like how only know zack king
The fact that I have never heard of any of them just shows that I am very out of the Gen Z loop. Being 21 in 2020 is so strange
Was really hoping he'd have Chris Udalla on here or something. Disappointed. None of these people have ever even been on my fyp lol
i am an avid tiktok user i dont know any of these guests except for zach king and thats just cause of vine
i wished it was TonyTalks, Daniel Spencer, misocolorful, Sandra Jeenie Kwon, Morgan Drinks Coffee, Tabitha Brown, The Pasta Queen.....
Dude zach is just on another level since the beginning. Dont lump him with the others so called ‘creators’ like this. His video just 100% more effort and original.
I appreciate the new introduction and outro tune anthony. I loved the old one but I'd find it stuck in my head before falling asleep 😂
I absolutely LOVE Zach King’s videos and delighted to see him here!  But Lauren......and remember her and her bf’s distasteful pranks? Nah.
I've been an avid tiktok user since april (i seriously live on that app) and i have NO idea who any of these people are.... I mean I know of zach but from seeing some of his things pop up on reddit in the past. I haven't come across ANY of these peoples videos on tiktok xD
I hope Lauren wasn't talking about Kurtis, since the stuff he looked at was actually exploding people, who are in horrible situations.
love the new music
I don't even know anyone of them except Zach.
"eeehhh" *this is going great...*  😂
Oh wow I had no idea about Lauren I thought she just died out
"why don't I know him?" Later in the video "I'm definitely not on alt tiktok I'm on straight tiktok" oh that's why
You know Zach King is someone legit because of his webcam quality ha
ngnl i would like charli to be here just to hear what she has to say
Do "I spent a day with OG minecraft youtubers." Like Ssundee, CaptainSparklez, and Vikstar.
who tf are these ppl?? i’m on gay tik tok lol
I would love to see Lauren's links removed from the bio. I know that may not be possible with whatever terms were agreed on for your guests, but still. She shouldn't be promoted. It seems like your audience is old enough to know that but I worry about this bringing her a LOT of additional traction. She can do more harm to a larger audience that way. I wish the links weren't there.
ok but where are the alt tiktokers?😬
Ig there's 2 things we can agree on 1)lauren shouldn't  be here ,and  2)Zack king is a gem ❤
'People make videos hating on me', Girl you and your boyfriend make fake r*pe and assault pranks, people are allowed to criticize those. Context please and thank you, I hate how this frames her tiktok fame.
I was right. All of them are from straight tik tok and one of the is a problem. Shocking. I’m disappointed
3:35 lmao
Should've got igotcuteankles 😒
Viral tiktok stars:”idk I didn’t really do anything But they luv me and I’m yk white”💅🏽
Zack king is a true inspiration ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Since September is childhood cancer awareness month can you do an episode on childhood cancer survivors?
Zack King’s vid quality is so good to a point where he looks 3D
So this is what straight tik tok looks like🥴
Lol I searched Anthony padila on tiktok the other day and now this wow 😂
who are they
I spent a day with Steklovata should happen.
Sp charli was busy then?
Bring back the emo haircut.
I know you probably won't ever see this but, Can you do _I spent a day with childless  (By choice) Woman._ I think it would be really great for the community. We get a _Lot_ of hate, just for not wanting kids. Well... If you do somehow see you, No pressure. Its just an idea.  And also, I'm kinda upset You put Lauren in this video, Knowing the horrible "Pranks" her boyfriend has done.
I'm gonna be honest with you, this people are not a good representation of how many talented people are on tiktok... But all the power to them, I mean, they're making a name for themselves and shit. Not Lauren tho, screw her and her orange bf
Everyone's talking about Lauren and here I am Zach King fan since Vine days.
Bruuh he should've interviewed actual tiktok stars like Duncan or Brooke or people on alt tiktok even though alt tiktok is cringe 😔
The side of tiktok I'm on is just anime/cosplay and gay tiktok oo and alternative :>
I've never had them on my fyp
what happened to the waifu restaurant?
did she call straight tiktok 'NORMAL TIKTOK'
Im only in for this vid for zach king and the guy with the cutest brother ever only.
6:33 He literally just jumps and cuts out the first part then adds some effects
99% of these comments are about Lauren Godwin
im just putting this out there, zack's camera is freaking high quality like wth? hahaha
U should make a tik tok dancers exclusive too and how they keep up with the trends
This is the first time the comment section here is wild 😶
I turn 21 at the end of this year.  I’m not having a big party.  I have 12 months for that, I can wait.  So can the LA tik tokers
I like the fact that they are mostly non dancers
Should've replace lauren with someone from alt or LGBTQ tik tok like contrachloe, avani, misocolorful, etc. There was just better options
Nice background music
is the wonderful world gone? where am I without the wonderful world? oh God
I'm sad that Lauren is here and that its mostly focused on straight tiktok (idk if magic man is straight tiktok)
THIS IS WHY YIUR MY FAVORITE YOUTUBER
ANTHONY CALLED THE TIC TOKER A EBOY
HEWWO
Honestly i think Zach is bigger than "TikTok stars".
Useless people
yyyyeaaahhh sooooo I just watched Kurtis's video aaaand Lauren is literally like any prank channel I have seen so far: trashy.
Straight tiktok seems so boring...
I dint see this coming but woah. 🔥
where’s charli ? she’s big on tiktok right ?
No disrespect to these guests, but the tiktokers I want to see getting talked about are mister Hamilton, Lukas Arnold Brody wellmaker, kallmekris, and so many others that give me BIG VINE ENERGY.
How is Jason Derulo not here 😂
Can someone explain what the pranks about domestic abuse were? I occasionally go on tik tok but I know none of these people or the tea lol
I’ve never seen any of these people on TikTok lol
okay, I think he get's it. No one wanted Lauren, but besides her, we got a great video again ♥
Literally I saw Lauren and I clicked off
you had me till loren showed up
love how this video is exactly 20:20 loool
I have about 30K followers on tiktok. I'm just getting started and if it were banned it'll be harder to grow because other platforms don't have the same reach. My dreams are coming true and I pray it stays.
I remember seeing Zach on those tic tac ads :) Loved his work from the beginning <3
hUrRiCaNe kAtRiNa? MoRe LiKe HuRRiCaNe PaDiLlA!      sorry, i just thought of that.
Zach is not a Tik toker he is a legend.
Where’s charli dmilo
Anthony I love you but I’m so disappointed to see Lauren here.
Why would you interview Lauren did you literally do no research? Like come on you should’ve known how horrible her and her bf are they made a s*xual abuse prank.
Why was Lauren Godwin interviewed?
Didn't have mr.hamilton... sad day
Notice how Zach's the only person who promoted something good and not his own page
Lauren doesn’t deserve to be here I can’t appreciate this video when someone like her is in it
Sadly i cant suppose this video, smh still a fan but not of lauren.
I genuinely dont know who these ppl are...I've seen Lauren but because she problematic?
Should probably change the title to “StraightTikToks” biggest stars lol
I’m sorry but Lauren doesn’t deserve this platform to speak on. There are so many other creators that are better. Charli is better, literally anyone else. Also alt tiktok isn’t weird. I literally don’t watch any of these people because I prefer alt tiktok. These people are so fake to me, I can’t stand them.
I'm so happy for Zack for be trending again
TikTok and PUBG are already banned in India. Perhaps there really is a security threat bigger than what we can perceive 😱🤔
I was expecting to see donelij, benhouselog, larrry, mr bruno,  and poloboy. Who are these people in this video
I'm on Tiktok an unhealthy amount of time and I've never heard of anyone in this video. I guess the algorithm really is something else.
shoulda asked lauren why her boyfriend has a HORRIBLE fake tan
Lauren and her boyfriend have done r*pe pranks as well as domestic violence pranks on their channel. Watch Kurtis Conner's video on them. They are not good people, that is why people make videos about them. They make light of extremely serious issues.
I went to high school with Michael, it’s crazy to see where he’s gotten today!!!
Never seen these people in my life but I don’t like them. Tiktokers seem snobby.
Imagine supporting a person who made abuse videos and not researching that before you made the video
BOO LAUREN IS NOT GOOD
michael knows about gay tiktok....😳
BRUH MICHAEL HAD THE PICTURES STILL UP LMAOOOOO
this but gay tiktok
Next time please research the people you are interviewing and giving a platform to. All you needed to do was type in Lauren Godwin on YouTube and you would’ve seen the terrible content she posts.
spend a day with kpop band members pleaseee!
Anthony falling through the ceiling is still a secret
Lauren over Charlie :( smh i support you but yikes
i feel bad because you had to talk to Lauren Godwin we all do :<
Ok but like zach's fave on the thumbnail looks like he is shitting fire 😡🔥
what about our queen Charli :<
when you don't know who any of these people are because you are defiantly NOT on straight tiktok.
Micheal is overrated I kinda hate his brother it’s just cringe sorry
I honestly hope they don't take tik tok down. As much as I hate it, we don't want a repeat of the vine shut down and what it did to youtube. *cough*JakePaul*cough*
lauren godwin referring to straight tiktok as "regular tiktok" made me CACKLE
At least you didn't say amazing world.
Jack is the King i been watching his magic vid since i was a kid he really deserved everything and he didn’t let fame change him
Everyone in the comments: omg not Lauren I hate her 😡            Me: 🤔 Who's Lauren? 👁👄👁
guy on thumbnail looks like a chimpanzee lol
7:56 Why are you asking them about this? Ask programmers and lawyers instead
Lauren being here means I won't watch the video. Someone who has damaged the TikTok community so many times and refused to listen doesn't deserve to be perceived as a spokesperson for the app. Nothing against Anthony himself, just that in this case he and his team made a wrong call.
They struggled to define alt tik tok, she really said "I think it's a lot of older viewers" like no it's depressed gen z's that use humor as a coping mechanism and try to stay as far away as possible from straight tik tok.
Stop picking people from the worst part of the community
Zach chooses to shout out Foster Care, to raise awareness! ❤️ he is such an angel, seems like a great person! I remember him from vine days...his videos and tricks still amaze me. 💕
I personally don’t like Tik Tok because it’s cringy from what I’ve seen but I see why people can like it
if this video gets a 100k likes, Anthony will tell us how he crashes through the roof! (you wish)
I've known Zach since vine! He even has tv adverts here in Australia. I've never heard of the other 2 except I've seen the Michael tiktok video that he said is the most liked.  I've read the comments apparently this Lauren girl isn't the best.
"alt TikTok is weird TikTok" for realllL?? it's literally the good side of TikTok! cringe free, funny and relatable content that is NOTTT wHitE WaSHEd!!
hell no to lauren but YES to zach
I loved it when Zach King says he's a "creator" rather than being an "Influencer."
me, watching the video before reading comments: man, I should leave a comment for Anthony about how bad Lauren Godwin is me, after reading the comments: *ah, people of culture*
I Spent A Day with people that have Pathological Laughter
plot twist, he actually goes through the roof in every video
...
this is not a good representation of what tiktok is lol
I love Michael
Spiritual tiktok and cottage core tiktok!!!
Oh yes who would've thought every language has their own tiktok damn I thought we all speak english
I see Zach King, I clicked.  Edit: I didn't even know he has tik tok cuz I know him from vine. Lol.
Love Zach
When u don't know those kids but you know Zach King since he's a vine-legend.
I dont recognize anyone but the bathroom girl. Where is Willy Wonka?
TIK TOK IS WALMART VINE!!!
wait the most liked video only has 230m views but zackings has 2.1b views and isn't the most liked??
Everyone's talking about Lauren, but my man Zach King is killing it with his positivity and attitude. He's just vibing man. I really like him.
ANTHONY PLS DO ONE WITH SPEED CUBERS PLEEAAAAASE
I feel like Tik tok is a zoomer reddit
Gotta say that Zach King is way bigger than Tik Tok.
It's the ✨ i n t e n s e ✨ intros for me
I’m so happy Charlie and her sister aren’t here
I feel like tik tok is being banned, because china is being sneaky sneakies and using the art of war to stealth there way into controlling the world. And economy is the way to do that. Easiest way to get economy is to use big apps to farm data so they can target THEIR countries ads to us, and we buy THEIR stuff.
Me watching this after coming directly from TikTok  and still not recognizing anyone:  👁                       👄                            👁
Comment: you will never get into hollywood  Me: have you ever got into hollywood  Comment:....uuummmm......ya know..........
Everyone is talking about Lauren but Zack king got popular on YouTube and vine, not tiktok
The next episode's about KIDNAP SURVIVORS? Can we all appreciate the creative & otofthebox ideas of Anthony and his team?!
ALL the comments here are just ranting about LAUREN..guess she deserves that guys!
Yes yes ban the Tik Tok.
Where the alt and the hype h
So glad it’s not all the “newer” TikTok people like Addison Rae, Lil Huddy etc they are great people but everyone talks about and it gets annoying 😒
i was expecting charli in this video
I guess she right about the older people on “alt” TikTok because only little kids watch her videos
Me: I hope Anthony will make a tutorial video on how to make an Intro like that. Anthony: I will never show you how to do that..ever
zach king and lauren are a no
bruh they're not even close to "alt" tik tok
I would say charlie damelio,dixie damelio, lilhuddy, and addisonrae are the most popular
I clicked off the video as soon as I saw a dance
Do i spent a day with classical musicians
How could they forget BEANS tik tok and August 27 tik tok xD
Do i spent a day with classical musicians
Do i spent a day with classical musicians
Do i spent a day with classical musicians
I’m glad Zack King was in the vid. I liked hearing what he had to say.
I'm not on this side of tik tok I've never seen either of them before.... is this what straight tik tok is????
New intro music is dope
I wish you couldve gotten charli
I strongly feel that you should've interviewed Charli instead of Laura. Charli has been the face of tik tok and has a way bigger social media presence than her. Laura and her boyfriends content is known to be controversial and straight up offensive. (Ex. Domestic abuse, sexual assault "pranks",and  disrespecting the military) giving her a platform like this just speads the message that what she's done is okay. I haven't seen any consequences to her and her boyfriends actions..Kurtis Conner has talked about it in his channel and it's really informative. If you could please put a disclaimer at the beginning of the video mentioning how you didn't know about Laura and her past and denounce her actions, I think that would help.
Zack king is the best tik toker
woah. I've been on tiktok for a year ish now and these three has NEVER been on my fyp. probably bcs im on weeb and art tiktok a lot lmao. i hope for next episode of tiktok star you also include people from different "catagory".
I hate that Lauren’s like “people are so mean for no reason blah blah blah” like bb you literally make prank videos with your bf where he r*pes you, where he ab*ses you, where he joins the military and overall just not funny content that is incredibly offensive. I wish she wasn’t in this video but other than that nice video.
lmao lauren was not it for this. the guests were not representative of tiktok. love your vids but come on anthony. zach king is not a tiktoker per say. he’s been around forever. lauren is problematic haha. the other guest, him and his brother, are cool. they are actual tiktokers where as the other 2 got on tiktok from their other platforms.
the way Lauren has pulled the victim card to pull people away from the literal repulsive pranks her and her boyfriend do, she shouldn't even be considered a viral star with everything's shes done
Honestly with all the comments about Lauren it just shows how loose the content on Tiktok is moderated (I’m not on tiktok btw). Dude there are kids on this platform and she makes ‘pranks’ about domestic abuse?! Ew
But where is Duncan?👁👄👁
puro straight tiktok
These kids are incredibly ignorant about what it means to be a Chinese megacompany. But I get it, they want to protect their income. However being in such a line of work means understanding that your platform can change at any moment, which must be stressful.
Really just....dont like this series anymore. It feels like you just get people who can present well and dont actually put in the effort to get people who would showcase how diverse these circles are. Tiktok, as I know it, has many talented funny teens and young adults who do genuinely fun videos they enjoy and that so many others do. You just wanna interview famous people on different platforms it seems. Cos this, the chefs, the YouTubers. I liked this better when you interviewed sex workers, people w multiple personality disorder, jake paul fans, the cuddlers (although this still lacked in racial diversity, class, and age) because it fell in line w the perceived message this show was about finding out the true experiences of people that are quickly judged or overlooked. idk if anyone else noticed this but really wish the diversity would be raised and the original feel of the show gotten back to.  I will say that interviewing survivors of kidnapping is a good concept so I look forward to that one but I just personally feel we dont need more content for famous people. They already have a platform. Also agree w how tf could you have Lauren on here.
Lauren shouldn't have been on this. Not without hard hitting questions about her disgusting 'pranks'
Woahhhhhh, who is he? Anthony Padilla changed so much
Please do 'i spent a day with introverts'
Hey~~~it's Zach again!
Kurtis Connor while Lauren was talking about people making videos about her and Sebastian Balls:     😗       🤨 👉🏻👈🏻 ☝🏻   🤚🏻
Boooooo
I just wish louren wasn’t in this, she is such a bad role model. There’s better creators on that app and not just dancing. There’s also artists.
I dont regularly watch TikTok, but I'm glad that the comments informed me about that prank girl. I honestly just came for Zach King. XD
I'm definitely searching up and following Zach King! He is so talented!
Zach king is just on an other level
as much as i liked how you added a perspective to lauren and her content, they have pretended that one of them committed suicide, that he sexually and domestically abused her and a lot more terrible pranks similar to that, which isn't okay especially with a younger audience like hers, no matter if she says its just a prank or not, THIS IS NOT OKAY
I feel happy knowing that I know non of these top tiktokers. to me tiktok is for those really niche creators
Zach King is actually really wholesome
Wasn't zach king around in vine times? He already had some fame before tiktok, so I dont think he should be there
Lauren is in this? Charli and all the other better Tik Tokers must have been busy or something.
Lauren Godwin 🤦‍♂️
Hahahha the fuckin anthrax photo at 16:48 not much of a fan but I appreciate the thrash representation
It's kinda crazy how divided the two sides of tiktok are, because I watch A LOT of tiktok and I have no clue who any of these people are simply because they're straight tiktok and I really only am on alt tiktok.
Celina [celinaspookyboo] would have been a much better choice than Lauren...
12:48
I love how zack shout out foster care instead of any of his social media
They left out artist TikTok! lol
i have never heard of any of these people👁👄👁
*can’t forget about willy wonky tiktok*
Mmmm I dont know how I feel about this cuz Zach and Lauren are not known for TikTok ...I aint gonna comment on Lauren and her boyfriend and Zach is mostly known for IG videos and Vine...there are much bigger and more known people that represent TikTok :/
damn, ive always written off tiktok content due to some dumb internet bias, but the content zach makes seems real nice!! as always thanks for enlightening us :)
I feel like there was a missed opportunity for Zach to reach through the TV and grab his "Best interviewer" t-shirt.
who
Nice!
Listen the reason people make videos about Lauren's boyfriend is because he makes harmful pranks demeaning domestic violence.
Lol Lauren WISHED a pizza guy stalked her toad ass 😂😂😂 stfu
Everyone is on tiktok but me. The other day my mom was talking about tiktok and how she liked some of the content and i stopped in her tracks like,'wtf did you say mom? You...have a TIKTOK?' i hung up on her so quick 😂
14:08. Always looking for that jumpcut aye?
Hey Anthony, I’ve got a great idea for ya! Interview the Holocaust tiktokiots next! 😑
That intro on TikTok actually got me......" prove they are worthy of their fame"?? man that's tough.
I'm here to support zach king and micheal bc both seem really cool. Yup.
We’re calling them stars now?
I know nobody in this video
tiktok itself is a threat... to your brain development yall should stop being on it tho regardless
Alternative Title: I spent a day with Straight TikTok’s Biggest Stars.
Out of all the people on planet earth– fuck it, throw in aliens, too– why did you choose to interview Lauren Balls?  Unless she’s here to say she left Sebastian, stole all his money and is donating it to local women’s shelters, I don’t want to hear it.
Also, NOBODY on tiktok has TALENT. This is embarrassing. “I cAn MoVe LiKe A bRaInDeAd RoBoT” what a talent. 😑🤮
I seriously feel like the only person who doesn’t use tik tok. I have the app and an account. However, I never use it.
i’ve never seen any of these people on my fyp 😳
he said alt tik tok was weird ....................
I miss the old "wonderful world of" and the way anthony didn't took the interviews too seriously
Ewwww TikTokiots?! Wtf?!? NO. 👎👎👎
I think Anthony should interview Apple Bottom Jeans girl Jessica and the Mom if he hasn't yet.
Lauren Godwin doesn't deserve a best interviewer shirt
I don’t know what’s worse but I don’t know all this people are.
was about to give my input on why lauren godwin sucks but everyone else did it for me. proud that we don't tolerate people mocking abuse and sexual assault
Zach is super talented but idk who the others are. my tiktok is full of cats and comedy and thats how i like it
Just echoing what everyone else said, but I feel like I can not consciously support this particular video because that girl is a horrible role model for the audience that her and her boyfriend target. In no way shape or form is it acceptable to promote/normalize/make fun at domestic violence, sexual abuse, or many of the other things that they poke fun at. It is honestly disgusting and I find it really upsetting that he allowed that kind of person on his platform
when you say it’s “beijing based” but show a clip of shanghai...
I thought her bf was gay
Okay, but like, if people are referring to Zach King as *only* "that TikToker!”  *- I swear I've lost hope in humanity--*
Why isn’t Jake Fuller on here?     Oh right I’m on alternate TikTok they are on Straight  TikTok
The thing that bothers me about this is not only did you give Lauren (someone who has made "pranks" about domestic abuse) a platform, but you completely ignored cosplayers and cosplay tiktok. While some people consider cosplayers a part of alt tiktok, there weren't even any small clips of cosplayers like there were of other parts of tiktok. I think it's weird to not include them when for awhile a lot of tiktok's ads were cosplayers. One of the first ads I ever saw when tiktok was rebranded was of a cosplayer.
I'm disappointed that you gave Lauren a platform to speak on. Also, I wish you actually had someone from alt TikTok because it's not all "memes." Alt TikTok is comedy and creativity. You pretty much just let these people judge what alt TikTok is when they've never been on it. There is a difference between alt and deep TikTok. I know you can't have all bases of TikTok, but at least one from straight and one from alt because those are the main ones.
Y’all um is there any alt tiktokers here? I haven’t watched the video yet lol.
Really hopes it get nuked off the US app market
These are not tiktok stars lmfao. For example everyone I've met said that they don't like Lauren and thinks she's annoying. Plus she's a bad role model bc she makes pranks about sexual assault with her bf and just in general
Hi 👋 I love your content! I am sad to see that you didn’t get as many likes on this video because of one of the TikTok stars you had on this video. You still did a good job 👏 and thank you for keeping me entertained.
i'm surprised addison re or charli d'amelio aren't here.  they're arguably some of the most well known TikTokers today.
Ngl I'm kinda starting to like tik tok just because of Zach king
As a citizen of Kurtistown, Lauren's boyfriend and their videos in general deserves the backslashes it received/ is receiving.
i don’t know them and i spent most of my day on tiktok 🙃
I turned on the notifications but can you do a shout out for my channel Comedy with tate and pokemon videos because nobody watches my videos anyways have a wonderful night and day
EXcuse me Zach king is still a viner
Yeah idk about this one Anthony. Love your stuff typically but I'm just really surprised you included Lauren... Maybe visit some Kurtis Conner videos
immediately no. this could've been a super sick video, if h had only picked actual relevant people.
waiting for charli to appear b like :👁👄👁
the only good guy is Zach king
I’m so sorry Anthony I really like the content that you make but next time  you do one of these, do your research on the people you do the interviews with. Because Lauren and her boyfriend are not good people.
Where’s the queen in all this. (Char)?
You rly picked the three I've blocked bc I hated their content 😔
Anthony, let me start by saying I really REALLY love this series and I think you do such a wonderful job, you're a respectful and insightful content creator and host. With that said, I don't think you should be giving people like Laura Godwin,  who's been involved with multiple cases of creating content based on domestic abuse and sexual assault, and advertising them as "pranks" for children who follow her. Her whole persona and reputation is extremely negative and harmful and she's been justifiably critized by other content creators on this platform, not because of hate, but because hers and her boyfriend's actions are just incredibly distasteful. I appreciate you covering this topic as it's really interesting to hear from such a new wave of content creators, but Laura is absolutely 100% not the person we should be giving the spotlight here, and I am certain that there are so many more positive and wholesome content creators in the platform for you to interview.
zach king sounds like such a dad
I’m going to be honest in regards to the banning question So many companies steal information, trump is just banning tiktok because it houses a lot of anti-trump content and spreads a lot of anti-trump events (like the buying out of his rally, ordering free care packages so more money is taken away from campaigning, etc) and he sees it as something that houses his enemies  He’s taking away free speech so I kinda doubt the ban will actually go into effect (not that it would effect me that much since most of the creators I watch already have VPNs ready, and *i live in the UK*)
I like that zach king fella. He's pretty cool.
Who else thought they would see Tony Lopez/ hype house
U should’ve talked to Charli instead of Lauren lmao
Why am I lowkey sad that he didn't interview Charli and Addison lol
yikes... lauren godwin...
Weird, he didn’t say wondrous world.
Does Zach King even count as a 'TikTok Star' since he's been known for his vines as well.
Dude I remember Zach king’s vines and that’s the last time I saw him and he look exactly the same
These people might me big tiktokers but they are soooo irrelevant...I didn't even know who they were
lauren... an influencer??........... ight ima head out lol
Zak is literally the most wholesome person. Him and Jenna Marbles could teach the world so much❤️
Why tf is lauren here instead of brooke monk, larray, or literally ANYONE else
I don't go on TikTok so I can't offer my opinion of the younger two, but Zach King is an absolute legend and no one is talking about him so here's some love in the comments
I’m surprised no one said cosplay tiktok, they do make most of the trends and audios on tiktok.... also alternative isn’t just the weird side of tiktok, it has style, makeup, etc not just memes and weird stuff... also why Godwin?? Ew- Sorry Anthony, but can you interview a range of people on tiktok? Theirs alt, cosplay, anime, frog, etc not just straight....
No please why Lauren the most popular people are like charli Dixie Addison and chase those people. These people are stuck in 2012 their humor is so old and not funny anymore. They belong in the vine days
I can’t even express how disappointed I am to see Lauren Godwin on here... she does not deserve this platform, and she’s a horrible influence.
i spend a decent amount on tik tok and never heard of these ppl. they're prob trendy ppl
i Love Zach King!!!!
i feel like this had the potential to be a great video topic but like... the people you chose :((((
Oh man all of Laurens content is cringe. Her and her bf are so fake and the "pranks" are staged and terrible.
How do I pass the first mission on GTA 5 I need help
what?! no charli?!
I’m only here for zach king & anthony of course, but michael seems alright.
What is this lineup Anthony? We need to get you off of straight tiktok.
Typically you pick pretty good people but idk... One of these got popular off Vine and another is super problematic making "prank" videos about r*pe, abuse, and other terrible things for children. I don't think I can even watch this one bro!
“Lauren” is a terrible clickbaiter, who puts no effort into her work
What’s with this Lauren Godwin, All I wanna see is Zack King
you should interview alt tiktokers or with egirls/alternative/grunge/etc.....😌🤚
Terrible choice of people to have on here to represent the larger side of TikTok. Maiko can stay, but Lauren is toxic, and Zach was already making this content before. Not original content/creators. 0/10
How did Lauren manage to finagle her way into this video ...this ain't it chief
why no charli/dixie damelio, addison rae, loren gray someone???????
Let's not ignore that Zack mentioned foster care and stop focusing on the negative.
I dont know any of them cause im on gay tiktok 👁👄👁
Lol. There are a lot more tiktoks than they mentioned.  I was mostly on “pandemic” TikTok at first. Now it’s harry potter-TikTok, book-tiktok, vanlife-tiktok, dog-tiktok, and other types of comedy like I love the ones where they decide what to call things in different languages or the girl that plays mother nature. There are some greattt tiktoks out there for sure.
hey anthony, i know it’s not your fault because you couldn’t have known since most things have been deleted but i don’t think you should be giving lauren any promotion.
Questions:  What mental illnesses came after the kidnapping experience? How did you learn to cope?  xx
alt tiktok is older people ? most of us are gen z... also, alt tiktok is a big community which regroups sub-communities like anime tiktok, gay tiktok, cosplay tiktok etc btw, Zach has been around for literally years, he’s more of a vine star than a tiktok star
why does lauren even have fans i-
I knew one of these people...
I only consume lesbian tiktok, thank you
I'm only exited for he KING ZACH!
no shade to people who promote themselves thats totally cool but it's always refreshing when someone uses the chance to bring light to important causes
Nah Bro Lauren Irrelevant
alt tiktok is literally alternative people and them showing their lives then there’s also, gay tiktok, relationship tiktok, straight tiktok (dance/unfunny/pranks), “deeptok” (deep fried memes) and those are the main ones but there are definitely smaller ones
we stan zach for literally using his time to mention foster care instead of plugging
Never clicked a vid so fast lol read name btw lol not a bot just want subs lol
You ever thought about interviewing people with a stutter? I have one and I just wanna see Drew Lynch on here he’s funny
This is just straight tiktok......
alt tiktok is weird🧐...??? nahhhhh
That asian kid seems so rude like it doesnt seem like he appreciates his position and he even said hes only doing it for views ans money, they should do it because they enjoy it. Dont like him sorry
i'm on tiktok and have no idea who these people are what- i think i'm on alt tiktok so
*every comment is about Lauren I-*
Next time you call tiktokers call some comedias or other creative guys chunkysdead is one example i can give haha   Loved the video!
Drop Lauren add Charli and we are good ☺️
gay is alt tik tok 😐
Do a video about Bipolar Disorder! My girlfriend and I (both living with Bipolar) would love to see it!
Lauren they aren’t making hate videos on you they’ve calling you out on your horrible abuse pranks ✨✨✨✨
😙
He didn't say "wondrous" 🥺😔
no hate but i’m on tik tok every single day and i don’t think i’ve ever seen any of this people, tik tok is soooo diverse
Is tiktok not wondrous? All (or maybe most) of the other things were wondrous. You can’t just change the routine :(
everyone in this video is on straight tik tok lmao no offense
theres level to this shit Bean tiktok 4 da win
Google owns you. They know everything lol
You can tell who definitely isn't on alt tik tok just by the way they describe what they think alt tik tok is.
Anthony, spend a day with aromantics, please!!! We need to spread awareness. Nobody even knows what aromanticism is.
i love you Anthony but Lauren is not it
Love you Anthony but I’m really disappointed to see Lauren promoted here This is the one video that you’ve made that I’ve actually felt really uncomfortable with tbh
you need to spend the day with ALT/GAY TIKTOK they are what keeps the app alive
Guys waiting to see Charli like  👁👄👁
I have never used TikTok but Zack King has been a big deal since long before the app existed and it makes me feel old af to see how many people in the comments don't know him.
Sorry but only one approve of is Maiko
I'm on alt, animal, comedy, emo, woodwork/leathercraft, politics tiktok
I'm mostly on tik-tok for the cringe. I don't post, just follow and comment.
Kinda disappointed he didn't ask that guy about the stupid house parties. He's much closer to it and it would've been a tough question. I think asking that girl was a cop-out. Otherwise, it was a great interview as usual.
Lauren is not even a tik tok star and is a disgusting person, the second guy nobody has ever heard of and Zach is a VINE legend, WE THOUGHT WE WOULD HAVE ACTUAL TIK TOK ‘STARS’
Just came to the comments to see what everyone said about Lauren lmao
Extremely disappointed that out of all the tiktokers Anthony could’ve asked to interview, he picked Lauren Godwin. We shouldn’t give platforms to “influencers” who produce blatantly disgusting and harmful content.
I want to see a “I spent a day with commentary channels”
Ngl I don’t know any of these people... I’ve only seen this Lauren girl and she’s so toxic it’s crazy
there no ✨flavor✨😂
Where’s Jason Derulo?
Despite not liking tiktoks much, I have great respect for Zach King as a content creator after seeing one of his vids on fb. His content is quality.
I’m all for hearing everyone’s voices, but I find it a bit problematic to see Lauren given this platform. Her and her boyfriend consistently make content “pranking” each other and others involving sexual, mental, and physical abuse. They “pranked” their friends by getting into a fake fight and giving Lauren a fake injury. Her boyfriend “pranked” her by nearly raping her.   Their content is hurtful, triggering, and blatantly disrespectful to people who have experienced trauma. Love and respect you Anthony, but perhaps her content was not reviewed fully before inviting her onto the show.
ah anthony you should have choosen someone else that isn’t lauren
you should do “I spend a day with paranormal survivors” i have a lot of stories and think it would be really cool to hear other people’s stories
Behold the power of the Mc🅱️enis.
never had to dislie one of ur vids until seeing lauren
Why do I only know of Zach King out of these three? 🙄
I hate tiktok, it’s so toxic and the people who get famous from it usually don’t deserve the fame. Like that stupid house with all those “influencers” who keep having parties during a pandemic 🙄  Edit: also before people call me a boomer or something I’m gen Z
Not you letting lauren be on your platform when her boyfriend promotes sexual assault and domestic violence 😔
I kinda wanna see an alt tiktok video with people like fatracoon and nmilz. That would be pretty fun
Me: Why don't I recognize any of these ppl (except Zach but I don't recognize him from tiktok) All of them: we're from straight tik tok Me: Oh that's why.
I'm not at all surprised to hear that Tik Tok creators are just as bad as the content they make minus this magician fellow he seems alright.
me waiting for charli to come out
Where's Zoe Laverne!?
oh so you’re on straight tiktok  i’m so sorry  but also lauren no that’s a no for me
u had the right idea bby, but defos the wrong bitch
should have done duke deep instead of lauren... gimmie wonka !!
In October we all might be watching tik toks on YouTube   It won’t just be us kids with strict parents anymore🙌🏼
These people are not it...
Couldn't really watch due to Lauren. She should not be given a platform and should not be getting this much attention from someone as great as anthony. We should be speaking out against her and her boyfriends videos and talk about how disgusting and dangerous the videos are.
I dont know any of these people im on dog tiktok
Got to say, if would have been better if you got to other side of tik tok. But hey it takes a lot of time for videos soooo nothing wrong.
No.. Please.. Not tiktok...
Zack isn't a tik toker he started as a viner
I love your content but i hate to tell you that you picked the WORSE people for this episode with the exception of Zach king
Why does Zach look so sad :(
Honestly Charli would have been a better fit than Lauren.   Also there's thicctok for plus size body positivity and kinktok for educational BDSM information ☺️💜
This looks like a episode I will be skipping.
@19:11 😂😂
video's 20:20 mins long...sigh, mother nature is mocking me
who else remembers zach before tik tok?
What about witchtok?
Not who I thought of when I think “tik toks biggest stars”
Big mistake putting Lauren in this video. You need to put more effort into looking into their content.
“Yeh I live in a small house in LA” *SHOWS PICTURE OF MANSION*
Forget Lauren. Zach is a great person with great content, I'm happy to see it here.
Nothing make me happier than new videos in this channel
Looks like someone’s running out of ideas
Anthony has really found his way with his videos. He struggled at first to find his way for videos that he would enjoy and now he’s making amazing interviews for all of us with amazing influencers.
ngl Michael looks like my stepfather...
I love the concept of Anthony’s videos. Interviewing people based on all kinds of things. Godly channel
Lauren Godwin  and her boyfriend have done horrible things. I usually am I big fan of your videos but it honestly was a let down to see her apart of it.
Two of the people (Lauren Godwin and the other one) (not Zach king ) Lauren mocked and pretended to be in a abusive relationship and the other one said the n word...so sorry but I don’t support that
I bet the part where Anthony falls from the ceiling is him jumping really high and landing on his chair lol
Pls do “I spent the day with people who have OCD.”  It’s so misunderstood and THE PEOPLE NEED TO KNOW
Zach used his 5 seconds to promote foster care. Absolute legend
I’ve been on this app for a year and I know none of these people.
I'm so pissed i had to miss this bc of the school thing- :,) WHEN I TELL YOU I MFING SCREAMED😭😭😭
I'm so disappointed to see Lauren in this video. He and her boyfriend do not deserve a platform. They've made "prank" and "joke" videos about disgusting and real things.
Came here for the comments, not disappointed lol
TikTok....when doing dumb dances or stupid pranks are considered good content and have millions of views and make the people doing them crapton of cash Influencers huh, yeah no thanks
i love your videos, anthony but lauren is just not a good creator.
damn, disappointed with who he chose to talk with :( Especially Lauren, shes done awful things and doesn't deserve a platform at all
When Zach King is the only one I know and the only one with actual interesting content
Am I the only one disappointed with the people he choose? Like no hate I love your content Anthony but Lauren is super controversial, Zach king is good but he also had a previous following from vine and Instagram, and I have no idea who the other guy is.
Lauren is here? Oh no... :(
honestly this selection of tiktokers isn't it especially Lauren
You got Lauren instead of King victober or Even try for Charlie or Dixie D’Amelio??? I don’t even really know who she is I’ve just seen a few videos and they were not videos that I would send anyone or would suggest anyone. Also when Dance dude said his video was the most liked video on the platform I was like… no... no it’s not. lol still love u tho
I don't know if this is place to say this, but it makes me giggle and gives me jou every time you plop down with the glitter on all your vids... Thank you for the joy
I spent a day with reddit users that would be funny
Lauren?.... yikes, domestic abuse and sexual harassment  pranks are not where its at 😬😬😬
Lauren Godwin and her boyfriend are sick people
I know I’m on a different side of TikTok cause I have no idea who these creators are hahah
yall be complaining about Michael calling alt tiktok weird, like, is that not the point of alt tiktok??
i feel he should’ve chosen ppl like spencer or trinity (@/its.mariee) those ppl have probably been on the app since musically but didn’t start their career until tiktok became popular and also they’re unproblematic ppl so..
zach is the only valid one
I’ve only seen that dancing dude when I open the app for an ad, but much love to Zach
Anthony just jumps Down in his chair, then adds a green screen overlay with the ceiling effect thing
Ewie. Lauren.
I didn’t know two out of the three... they’re not the biggest tiktokers though... but the biggest ones probably would not sit down for this either.
I love how you've kept the sloth maskimal in every video since the furry interview video 😂
Zach king seems like the only humble and intelligent person that I consider worthy for the platform. But props to everyone for making it.
It should have been “I spent a day with tiktoks most ——phobic creators “
As someone on alk talk... (lgtbq+, thicctok, alternative and goth) I didnt recognize any of these people. These are all straight tiktok stars. Having someone on like Mr. Hamilton who gives gifts and donations to classes and waiters big tips and stuff and spreads positivity would have been amazing. Or Celinaspookyboo who is a plus sized comedy tiktok star. Please start being more inclusive. This was fun to watch but would love to see some diversity.
*disappointed that Zach didn't show his kids, they're angels*
Ya first interview I'm not gonna watch. These are not tik tok creators I'd care to hear from.
i like how zach king is on here because he actually puts work into his videos
I always wanted to know how Antony starts the videos but I thought all people knew and I felt stupid.
I really wish you didn't give lauren a platform to speak. the tiktoks her and that sebastian guy put out ars very harmful and disgusting.
Anthony’s content seems to be growing along with his followers
Why would you ask Lauren to be on here.. she and her boyfriend are frankly disgusting people. Their pranks are in the vile category.
no idea who these people are o.O i guess it pays off not downloading tiktok
I’m so disappointed that Lauren Godwin is in this video, you could’ve invited Charli Damelio or addison rae, or I would’ve even accepted lilhuddy, but Lauren motherf*ing Godwin? Ugh. You literally invited one of the worsts, I’m not hating on you, I love what you do here, I just don’t even have the necessity to watch this video because of her.
Im not on TikTok, I just think it wouldnt interest me in the slightest. So I have no idea about the backround of these (except Zach King because his clips on Instagram are awesome). I still thought after a few minutes already that the girl doesn’t deserve her place, not putting real effort into anything. Looking into the comments now I seem to be right..
⚠️TW⚠️”what is the reason” idk maybe that you make pranks about literal sexual assault and domestic abuse?!? idk weird
Nooo Anthony not Lauren :( love the video but that girl and her man promote so many bad topics on their platforms.
I know of Zach King....but not from Tik Tok haha.
Nahh I will start tiktok if it doesnt get ban XD but its a money move not a security issue. Saying give over the app unless  u give it to an American company, like Microsoft. No thats is clearly for money otherwise u would just ban it outright. They just want money. Not to mention im sure there other companies made from other countries that do the same thing That America and China  do. ( which is taking ur information) There not messing with the smaller companies becauae there not making enough money. 🙄 Greed
i know the lauren girl from Kurtis’ video and i was not happy to see her here lmao
Having lauren in this video was not the move
Do a 'Interviewing Big Twitch Streamers'
i must be way too deep into gay tiktok cause i don't know any of these tiktokers
Zachs video is clearer than my skin
0:39 why do they bother rebuilding the ceiling for Anthony to do his thing every video.
We just came for Zack, admit it.
I would suggest to not let people who are on straight tiktok try to explain what the other sides of tiktok are
Im literally everyday on tiktok for a long time and I only know this girl bc of that orange dude lol  Im definitely not on straight tiktok :)   Don’t hate on me pls
i’m really confused by the guests??
help I spend 6 hours a day on tiktok and have not even heard of these people
I love Anthony but I wish he didn’t talk to Lauren Godwin because she doesn’t deserve a platform the “pranks” she and her boyfriend do are very harmful and they shouldn’t be supported
Sorry anthony but lauren isn’t a great choice
i only know Lauren from seeing a pic of her and thought she was pretty but then I realized her and her bf suck
I don’t know about supporting lauren...
I have no idea who any of these people are...
I know two things about these TikTok stars: one of them stole the audio from a Sarah Schauer vine, and the other is from Vine. Go me!
I wish you had interviewed real tiktokers instead of people who already had prior platforms who then went to tiktok. People like Sarah Lugor, Challxn, Noah Miller, etc.  Like I dont count Zach King as a tiktoker at all, that man is still redoing magic tricks from vine and has a massive audience outside of tiktok. That Lauren chick sucks. Like there are better ppl to choose from
Lauren is the absolute WORST representation of TikTok. She and Sebastian Bails demonstrate abhorrent behavior to their young audience.  She does not deserve monetization for those videos.
There ain't no way most of his "magic tricks" are done "in camera." They are definitely digitally edited.
No Willy Wonka? I'm not watching
WHAT ABOUT CHARLIE!?!? also you and mykie are adorable together! 😆
how is lauren godwin so normal?? hmmmmmmmmmm
I thought he just jumped up while standing on his chair and adds affects?
Pls do alt tik tok stars bc they are all straight tik tok
Lauren is not a respected creator, and that’s for a big reason...  The pranks that are minor, (which may not sound like they are at first) such as graffiti on her bf’s car and pretending to flirt with someone else, aren’t the issue to me. The issue to me are pranks her and her bf do that are serious trigger warnings (Sexual assault trigger warning btw ⚠️) -rape -physical abuse -verbal abuse Etc As someone who’s been sexually assaulted, I am disgusted that they make these as pranks. It isn’t a joke, and if you have to say in the beginning of the video (their prank videos) “it isn’t ok to do this/it’s just a prank, this is not real” then maybe, ya know, don’t upload it. They shouldn’t be posting content anymore. If they think that posting sexual assault content is ok, then I’m sorry, but there’s something seriously wrong with them.
is it just me or am i the only one who doesn’t know these people except for lauren?(unfortunately)
Despite what people or content you can find on tiktok its defining factor will continue to be the 80% of garbage you find there
Am I the only person who doesn’t know any of these people?
Wait... When did he stop saying wondrous?
can you do the emo Hair i miss iiiiittt
WHERE IS WILLYWONKATIKTOK
Straight tiktok is so boring man... why do people love it so much :((
I love Zach and Michael. As far as Lauren's content .... I'd agree with the sentiments expressed in the comment section.
he should interview people on gay tik tok 2 of the people he interviewed are problematic and have never got on most people with common sensed tik tok pages i vote that spencewuah and charli and other people
.....I don't know who any of these people are except for Lauren who's videos make me uncomfortable
This video makes me love Zach king
To anyone that doesn't know the details about lauren: her and her boyfriend did a "prank" where they pretended that he was physically abusing her in front of their friends to get a reaction out of them. it trivializes domestic violence. kurtis conner did a video about them, showing clips of the video if you're interested. as far as i know, they haven't responded to the criticism.
it's giving Lauren a platform for me
This is where I draw the line. Sorry Anthony
Lol I'm on tiktok almost every day and I dont know any of these peepol.
2:47 It sounds like she is saying "I do a lot of cringe" and not "pranks". Well, she does a lot of cringe soo
MAKE A VIDEO "WONDERS WORLD OF INDIAN TIKTOK"
I haven't seen any of these peoples tiktoks lol I must have a weird ForYou page
Anthony I wish you did a bit more research on Lauren before promoting her. Aside from the fact that their pranks aren’t real, they’ve made hurtful videos trivializing abuse and harmful content. It’s not “hate” that they’re getting, people are holding them accountable for their harmful actions.
Can you interview tattoo artists next??
I so prefer Alt tik tok, over "regular" tik tok, which is why I probably don't know these people 😄. That, and I'm probably much older than them 👩‍🦳😄
Zach king is literally the only one with actual talent on this board 🙄 I don’t have tik tok, but I understand why ppl would wanna see his content. The rest 🤷🏻‍♀️
Disappointed that Anthony didn’t do too much research on Lauren... love ya, but cmon my guy!
If he hasn’t done it already, Anthony should do a day with famous viners and have Thomas Sanders in it
I’m just waiting for Anthony to address giving Lauren a platform even tho she made a whole prank of being sexually assaulted and normalized this behavior to young kids
Lauren Godwin and her boyfriend are terrible people. The pranks they pull are disgusting, having done multiple that make light of physical and sexual assault. I don’t think she deserves any chances to portray herself as a good person when time after time she’s shown she isn’t. I’m really disappointed to see her here, but I enjoyed Zach at least.
Lauren Goodwin is one of the most annoying people but the one person who is more annoying boyfriend  And of course all there content is fake
lauren godwin should not have been in this video. her videos featuring her boyfriend are incredibly harmful and disrespectful. the fact that she's bitter about people making videos about her relationship is honestly ridiculous considering what garbage she puts out there.
I love Zach so much he’s so great 😂
The only one i know is Zach, really cool and a nice guy, never met the guy tho
For the fall down in the chair at the beginning of his vids, I bet Anthony is holding onto something above his chair and just let's go when they start filming.
It is absolutely adorable how he shouted out the idea of foster care rather than his social media
I hate Lauren, don’t know the other dude, and Zach king is not who comes to mind from tik tok. I would have loved to see Charlie or Addison, idk
anthony i love u but u interviewed the wrong people these people do not represent creators people actually watch and enjoy
Really Lauren? U don't know why people don't like you?  REALLY?
I love him advertising Foster care <3
You can just tell that all of them are on straight tik tok
The video of the guy dancing with his little brother was obnoxiously adorable
Imagine saying that you are on straight tiktok and being proud about it lol
i think that that blue hair tiktoker shouldn't have been included into this video, her and her orange boyfriend sucks, for me i only know them because i'm a fellow citizen of KURTISTOWN and making pranks about serious issues like domestic abuse is not funny. she in not considered as an influenceur :)
What Lauren said about people not liking her content and making videos about her is such bs. People don't like it because it's not entertaining in any way. It's just abuse and not a good example for kids and I hate how Anthony doesn't seem to understand what she does
Where is Charlie XD
Zach IS a KING
I don’t like any of these on Tik Tok. Except I remember liking Zacks videos back in the Vine days. He’s seriously talented and very creative :)  (Much more talent then doing offensive pranks with ur boyfriend lmao)
Here for Micheal and ZACH only legendss
there is also kinktok btw 🤷
I’m so happy he didn’t get the Damilio sisters and the sway boys because they ruined tiktok
lauren dogwin should look at the comments lmao
Do this over with gay tiktok pleaseeee
The one kid “it’s the most liked video in the app” the girl before him and it’s 2m more likes than him: 👁 👄 👁
I thought Lauren bf was gay?
Yawn
I guess Anthony doesn't watch Kurtis or else he would know about the horrible "pranks" Lauren and Sebastian do. Having her on the channel feels like Sebastian is there because they're content is so connected, but he was straight up about to rape her in one of his videos, but it's just a prank right? That's okay to put on the internet. And I'm assuming she wasn't in on that one, but I know she was in on the video where they "pranked" their friends into thinking they're in an abusive relationship but that's fine too I guess. If Tik Tok and YouTube allow it to be up, even after Kurtis made a video talking about how not okay it is and asking that Sebastian donate the money to help actual victims of domestic abuse. To which Sebastian replied that that video "only" made $95 or something. Like it would be better than nothing douche. I honestly hate both of them so much.
"Ig there's gay tiktok "  That killed me
I was hoping for lesbians:(
These people have no idea what alt tiktok is🙄
Literally everyone from straight tiktok and lauren has had so many issues and caused so many problems with her dumb pranks
I definitely love everyone but Lauren am not so sure!
Soooo were is Charlie or Dixie?
Lauren: what is the reason? (For people disliking her) Me: ...i could make a list if you want
I love these videos but i cant with that problematic girl lauren or whatever. She should not be in this, promoting someone who does terrible “pranks” around real issues like abuse is fucked.
I hate Tik Tok I hope it gets banned 🤪😂
Do an interview with people on Onlyfans!   I see and hear about a lot of my friends and reasonable people, including celebrities. With what happened recently with pay cuts to Onlyfans content creators as well as making a living during the pandemic, I bet there's a lot for them to say. The public seems to dislike people who have Onlyfans as though they're less faithful and dirty, and an interview like this could try to give a more personal perspective.
When she said AlL tHe PoEplE WhO MaDE fUn Of tHE APp ArE oN ALt TiKtOk no they with u
Good to see these tiktok folks understand there’s a dimension of national security associated with their platform.
I’m sure that for the part where Anthony comes out of the ceiling he just jumps, take only the part where he lands and adds screen shake and all the effects...
not to thrilled about you giving people like lauren a platform. she and her boyfriend made some really inapropriate content. first video from  you i gave a dislike a bit sad to be honest
Zach king is definitely the best editor in the universe
Well now we need one but with alt tik tok stars
Omg i loveee zach so much... i have been watching him for more then idk like 10 years. Since vine people...since vine
When you’re on gay tiktok so you have no idea who these ppl are
I don't hate TikTok, but it's basically just a worse version of Vine  I know some might disagree, but the only one who deserves the fame and money here, is Zach. He actually puts work, thought and originality in his videos. Also, I love you Anthony, but you might wanna vet the people you interview, before you give someone like Laura Godwin more attention and fame.  Edit: I mean come on, everyone else promote themselves, while Zach talks about foster care. We don't deserve you, Zach! <3
I'm i the only one that doesn't know these people?
Anthony I don't think sitting down with Lauren and not acknowledging that her content is deeply problematic was correct. Let's not give some that pranks on abusive relationship a bigger platform
There are so many really great creators on TikTok. Gabschase, beerbongjohn, ironsanctuary, youthpathorryan, etc... I don’t recognize any of these people...
lauren godwin is so terrible like i swear her pranks are cruel and completely staged it’s so dumb she doesn’t deserve her views and who ever follows her like are u okay
Im waiting for my train at night in sweden. But i have this video to keep me company so its okay
that's str8 tiktok, tho....
Tik Tok and star shouldn't be in the same sentence 😂 also That Lauren girl doesn't deserve attention
Anthony dance king!
Me being on tiktok, but not knowing any of these: 👁👄👁?
Anthony  is like  a  detective  of Youtube
Zach king is undoubtely one of the best creators of all time
Why did you include only straight tik tok like this is the most hated one and theres so much more creativity and different actual quality content on the other side(no str8 tiktak)
I don’t really watch these people on TikTok... I’ve seen MAYBE one video from each of them.
no lauren, we dont hate you just to hate you.  we hate you because you and your boyfriend make horrendous "prank" videos making fun of domestic violence.
My mom is 45 and is O B S E S S E D with Tiktok. She will literally watch tiktok all day if she had the chance. I think she has a problem lmao
They are popular, but they are not the biggest tik tok stars. You should interview the actual "biggest" tik tok stars like Charlie D'Amelio or Addison Rae. Like if you agree.
this video should be called biggest ✨straight✨ tiktok stars
HERE BEFORE 1M ->>>
this video should be called “interviewing the straight side of tik tok”
I'm so sad that L*uren was brought onto here... I know Anthony's intentions are never bad, but this is just giving her publicity. She makes "prank videos" and makes jokes about/promoting ab*se even though her target audience are young children.
Zach king has lasted sooooo long he was in vine YouTube and know ticktock
I love you and your videos anthony but you had the chance to interview so many great tik tokers that are not problematic (except for zach he’s a nice guy) and you chose the worse lmao.
Zach is awesome but gaaaawwwwd those other 2 are real annoying  especially the fat girl, omg.
this video is basically just about straight tiktok
me not knowing who zach king is: 👁👄👁
i wish there were creators from alt and gay tiktok
Trump just wanted it banned cause they trolled him lets be honest.
I expected to see the D’Amelia sisters and Addison Rae on this
God I hope tik tok gets banned for good. It's a breeding ground for prepubescent stupidity.
can you please do a part two with someone other then Lauren. Like Maybe Charli, Nmillz, Hawkhates you, and spencewoah
Spanish tiktok is one of the best subsections. Maybe I’m biased because I’m Mexican lmao
Honestly Lauren Godwin deserves to be disliked. She and her boyfriend are cheapening important issues and normalizing them.
How to break through the ceiling:    Jump.
When he said that his til tok  video was 2 years ago ..... I felt that
i'm not on straight tiktok, i have no idea who any of these people are lmao
I love how (no hate to these people) justmaiko and lauren are using the five seconds to promote their own channels but my guy Zach is here like consider foster care. Really shows how much of an amazing guy he is
I don’t know any of these people except for Zach
I love the work on this video. The cuts are phenomenal.
Stop crashing through the ceiling Anthony. Most of your savings is going on this lol
Isn’t that Lauren girl dating that one orange dude that Kurtis Conner made a video about? They made “prank” videos about physical abuse and s*xual assault .... I’m really disappointed to see her on here. People don’t make “hate” videos on her just cuz. Everyone plz go see the videos Kurtis Conner has made on her and her boyfriend. Disgusting content.
I’m sorry Anthony I can’t support this video because these are not actually tiktokers, they’re creators who migrated to tiktok. Micheal Le is the only one that actually is one. Also Lauren promotes abuse.
i feel like there are some actual entertaining/talented tiktokers missing here. popularity isnt the same as quality.
You should get faraaz sarang in another video. MODO SEXO ACTIVADO
I expected Addison rae, Charli Damelio, Larry... I know none of the people from the video
Lauren doesn't deserve being called an influencer and being there bc the videos she makes are veeeery problometic and nkt good for her audience
These are tik tokers only mostly kids watch especially the annoying blue colored hair girl and her Orange bf.
I am sorry Anthony but I cannot give my support to this video. You gave Lauren Godwin a platform, who makes "pranks" about ABUSE. Also, I did not appreciate the way you described the dancing side of TikTok as the "normal" side, completely undermining so many different communities of people.. I love this series but please do your research on your guests before you bring them on.
im early! i think x
Tik tok is such a joke
I kinda wanna try tiktok, but the last time I didn't get into the cool ones I was just stuck on straight tiktok and hated it
I didn’t even know these people still post or existed
I love how Zach promoted foster care while the other 2 were promoting themselves, Idk it just seems so nice to me Edit: Aight how the hell did I manage to get 815 likes?
“100 million...no... 200 million eyeballs” Well, rip pirates...
Lauren sweetie i think the dislikes are because you literally exploit topics like rape and abuse for content. Stfu💖
He picked like the worst ones
it’s so odd to see zach king on here, i don’t watch him on tiktok but i used to watch him on vine😅 also i don’t even know who lauren is... tiktok is honestly so cool that you can find your niche and it’s basically a completely different app for people
when you know zach king but from vine, not tiktok
Zach is just so pure i love him <3
Hey Anthony if you have some Guts and actually wanna do something shocking and controversial, spend a day with Conservative YouTubers. I Nominate Ben Shapiro, Candace Owens and The Officer Tatum. That video will surely be demonetized and cause lots of controversy since people have a really hard time dealing with truth and facts. MAKE IT HAPPEN MY DUDE! unless you're biased that is. 🤔
You need to interview willywonkatiktok 😂❤
he just jumps you guys xd
Zack King being on Tiktok after been on Youtube after been on Vine makes me feel old
Spend a day with people diagnosed with ASPD
Why is lauren there
That Lauren girl really isnt a good person
the audacity of them to say alt tiktok is rude. like we meme on you for a reason. you made racists, homophobes, transphobes, and generally terrible people famous just because you find them attractive. it’s sickening.
Is it possible he gonna do alt tiktokers next?
YAY MICHAEL AND KING! WTF
This is the first episode where the beginning possibilities are probably correct
do a "I spend a day with Gen Z"
They straight tiktokers? I've never heard of them
I’m only watching this because Anthony; I don’t use tiktok or know who these people are
The first 2 morons saying they are influencers is why I hate tiktok
When you dont know this people bc 1d tiktok is the best side
I’m not in Straight TikTok so the only person I know is Zack King but only cuz of Vine lmao
It’s so cool that Zach King’s material can really transcend any platform
How much do you pay for your roof repairs
not lauren i cant stand her and her bf! why does she talk about the YouTubers talking about her like THEY did something wrong?
in my opinion zach is the only true example of content creator on the til tok platform in this video and  deserves much more admiration!
...they kinda suck... but all of them seem like very nice people and I DO respect them please dont take it the wrong way
I only knew one of them and I knew him from vine not tiktok
But what if the Stepsiblings were on here tho
Lauren is talking about people being crazy 😂 pfft           Hypocrital
Literally only knew that girl Lauren from Kurtis Conner's videos about her and her bf's "prank" YouTube where they emotionally manipulate people and try to pass off mocking domestic and sexual assault as a "prank" ... big yikes my guy
You should do 1 week series
Sorry but Lauren and her boyfriend do pranks that are so sick they shouldn't be viral.🤦‍♀️
"You only turn 21 once"... There are gonna be more birthdays if you manage to keep yourself alive.
I....don’t feel comfy with Lauren being on here
i wonder how annoying this was to talk to a tik tok user
The amount I learned from these videos is more then I’ve ever learned in school
These people all must be from straight tiktok cause I don't recognize anyone except the viner guy
oh no not lauren
The only reason Trump is trying to ban TikTok is because TikTok embarrassed the shit out of him when they trolled his Tulsa rally. It hurt his precious ego. Because he’s a bitch baby.
Yo can you tell Lauren to tell Sebastian Balls to DONATE THE MONEY
I would have loved to see AdamRose and Kallmekris on this. Or Ironsanctuary!
Lauren Godwin is a very controversial person and has done alot of questionable and wrong stuff. However the main things people are bringing up is the abusive prank and the army prank. Many many other couple YouTubers have done these pranks. Yes I agree its very wrong. But they were jumping on a trend. We can't only blame them, blame the others too. Other couples who have done this prank (Eg. Jatie vlogs)  I get why people r angry and I also greatly dislike her but we can't only blame her... Leave these Coments on the pranks of these other YouTubers too, asking them to donate money from these vidios or take them down ect.
when he picks the worst tiktokers...he didnt get charli
You should spend a day with metal heads (Randy Blythe, Phil Bozeman and Tatiana of jinjer would be sweet guests
Old musically people and a washed up vine guy lol ok
Why is shreks cousin in here
Upon all of the guests those will be the weirdest
*me seeing her in the thumbnail* oh god I can smell the controversy already
Personally, I think he 1 shouldn't have included Lauren since she makes abuse pranks 2 he properly should've had Charli on since let's be honest she's kinda the face of TikTok 3 he should've had more people from different sides of TikTok (also he should've cut out the part where he said alt TikTok was weird)
Personally think the ban is dumb, but it makes sense in a geo-political sense because of 2 reasons: 1. China is known for banning American apps that collect information on their users like Facebook and Google 2. Since China is a fierce political and economical competitor, trying to limit their reach and influence in an American market
I hope Tac tuc gets shutdown soon. All these clowns do is copy lyrics from songs
I was waiting for Charli like 👁️👄👁️
Ummm... Didn't that girl make prank videos about abuse?.. I was honestly shocked seeing her in this. Like.. Do you just sometimes look up people before interviewing them? This happened in the fast food worker video too.
I never heard of these ppl 😂  im mainly a youtube watcher i like call me kevin and markiplier the most
Wait ... there are stars ✨ on TikTok?!
loving the aesthetics and musical vibe of this video!
why did you let lauren have a platform, she never apologized for an abuse prank
am i the only one who only knew zach king
I'm kinda sad that he only picked people from straight tiktok
Lmao anthony remake this with tiktokers that people actaully watch
really like the recent background music
Aka "I spent with Internet's most cancerous stars"
Lauren Godwin should tell her boyfriend to donate the money :)
Lauren still exists?
Anthony's moves are unmatched lmao
Dude Zach King has been doing the same shit in each platform for what, 10 years? It's honestly so boring and repetitive, kinda lame that he was in this.
Should’ve asked Lauren about Kurtis’s video on her and Sebastian. It was actuallly on the many issues their content presents
... It's all straight tiktokers...
Yeah the dancing guy and the girl are deff on straight tiktok, they prop don’t even know about grass tiktok and frog tok, it’s a shame, those sides are superior 🙌 And alt tiktok is not memes...🤦‍♀️
Lauren doesnt deserve to be given this attention of being interviewed on this. She and her bf literally promote an  abusive relationship and behaviour normalising doing socially unnaceptable things and hiding them with the "prank" title. Shes a bad rolemodel since she makes content targeted for kids.
This comment is a break from all the mean comments above and below me. Take some food while your here 🍔🌭🌯🍣
I find it funny how Donald Trump got elected thanks in part to mark Zuckerberg selling Facebook data, yet he critizes tik tok for collecting it
I just turned 21 yesterday and im glad that they covered the party bryce threw
I can't support this video because you platformed Lauren Godwin: a person who makes domestic abuse prank videos for children.
Mmmm Tik Tok is a special case when it comes to security breaching and data mining.  Cause from what I recall, it's not just taking what you do on the site, it's also taking data straight from other apps with no connection to Tik Tok as well as your browsing history and so on and then selling it off to Chinese companies rather than American.  Sure, that's a bit hypocritical given Facebook (which most people hate anyways and already got in some trouble for their data mining) but China has a history of data mining for nefarious reasons.  Not to mention, any slight against China is good. I mean they're out here running literal concentration camps and harvesting organs. Fuck em.  Edit: Oh they were also caught deleting LGBT videos. So there's that on top of it all.
Worst app of the decade
Honestly, Zach King is one of the few people who  has managed to adapt and create unique content for almost every social media platform.
Am I the only one who wondered if Zach would jump out of the screen?
Haha tiktok cringe am I right redditors? Wholesome 100
Zack is such a nice and genuine guy
i love that everyone on tiktok hates these ppl-
they clearly don't know anything about alt tiktok because it's all gen z memeing and nobody else gets our shit humor
ok so clearly im in weird side tiktok because i have no idea who any of this people are
I was honestly expecting Zach King to like jump out of the screen the whole time
Me como los mocos y soy loco vengo parte de german
calling straight tiktok "normal" tiktok pissed me off cause that's such a subsection of the whole app and its users
imagine being on straight tiktok and knowing who tf these people are
Damn I remember when tiktok was just a song
The cringe is killing meh!
Why didn’t you get to charli
Omg i luv Maiko ❤❤❤
Tik Tok stars  yet I’ve never seen any of these people on my feed LOL
Oh my god guys its been 20 minutes and its still not copyrighted yey!
i don't know any of these 'big tiktokkers'  oh no
If Tik Tok disappears Zach King still has Youtube- thats where I found him anyways in 2016.
bruh he should spend a day with tik tok biggest cosplayers 👁👁
The only respectable creator of them is zack king
Honestly I hope tiktok gets banned.... they are scared to go back to their normal life’s :/
you should’ve got charli avani, zarbruh, itsundos and you know people we actually know about
looking at the two ppl makes me so damn thankful for being on gay tiktok
Let me say-  These are the least popular TikTokers among the app EXCEPT FOR MICHEAL LEE. I love you Anthony but you tried your best. Getting an ex viner and a VERY cringy exmuser is a no go, try griffin or Kio Cyr, Dixie, charli, chase, etc. The other “TikTokers” besides Michael  are not even. They are just trying to make an earning.
ALMOST clicked off the video when i saw Lauren but I love Anthony so I must continue to watch 😭😭😭
Who else was waiting for Zach to pop out the screen?
It would've been nice if you talked to real Tik Tok creators instead of popular ones
zack is a vine god and a tik tok god i respect him from vine tho tiktok is kinda dumb
At least 5th
2/7th of the WORLD saw Zach's video.. wow.
I follow lauren already on social and youtube but now ima have to check these guys out too 💙
My theory for how Anthony jumps from the ceiling: He grabs a ladder and jumps into his chair then they add in effects during editing. Boom. 💥💥 either that or he's a magician
This made me unsub anthony
i read the title and went  who tf are these people lol  we getting old lads
if only these were, like, yodelinghaley, nmillz1, fatraccoon, etc.
can he please interview like Emma or just not straight Tiktok people
Oh god lauren🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
Only Legends know zack king used to be popular on vine before he went to tik tok
Im on vector tiktok who else
I want to fucking die because of tiktok       No kidding the fact of having no friends just because you don’t like what they do it’s really hard honestly
Hi
Out of all these people here I can say I only respect Zach King
I think it is a security threat potentially but what isn’t these days?
Wtf
Anthony: Bytedance is Beijing based company Video: *shows footage of Shanghai*
I  D E S P I S E  Lauren and Michael
Fun fact anyone who's commented hasn't seen the whole video.
I miss vine
TikTok is the biggest paedophile platform by far, still wonder why people use it lol
when lauren said people make videos just to hate on her… no hunny people make videos on you because your content is problematic like pretending that your boyfriend was abusing you as a prank
said beijing and showed shanghai :(( oops
Who is Zach King I’ve never seen him on tik tok
*my* *name's* *Anthony* *Padilla* *and* ...
Imagine calling yourself an “influencer” while making dumb prank vids about abuse.
omg i’ve never been so early
You should do I spent a day with Nickelodeon stars
this is too much information
smh they’re all straight tiktok :(
I thought Charlie and dixie were the biggest tik tok stars
Anthony: best host of the year for being respectful and humble through out every interview he does👌👌
I don't know these people.   But they seem pretty aight
Omg I was literally searching for this a week ago!!😳💌
NOOOO not straight tiktok, Anthony you disappoint me
Lmao these are just washed up viners except for JustMaiko
Tik tok boosts fake followers with bot farmz.. china is controlling you
How are Anthony's videos always well timed.
The video ends at 20:20
i love the dancing dude
Houuuuuuu
Can we please get a Cocktober special next month 🤞🏾
Only recognize the Lauren girl form Kurtis Connor’s  videos, she kinda sucks lmao
My dude didn't mention bean Tik Tok... I'm upset 😔
Only legends will know that Zack started on Vines.
You can put any video on tik tok not just user created comedy and lip sync videos
I don't use tick tock and don't know many famous tick tockers but I know that, just by looking at Michael and clips of his content, that I dont like him (I find him cring). On the the other hand I know if I used tick tock I would really like Zach. His stuff looks cool.
Anthony we all know that you fall through the ceiling by jumping up and then only including the part where you come back down...
Zach king is my queen
Anthony you make awesome vids
I would just leave the call if I were you
Wait... Think about this: I spent a day with minecraft youtubers.... As in like Dream, George, Techno, Philza ecc
Zach has just always been on another level of editing jeez
I’m disappointed to see Lauren Godwin on here. She has been involved with tasteless and harmful videos with her boyfriend (ie. “Pranks” about domestic abuse and sexual assault). We shouldn’t be spreading creators like her when there are so many more out there that don’t make offensive content aimed at children and young viewers.
6:54 i use that soap to wash my butt
your so polite i bet everyone you interviewed appreciates that
8 minutes😳
Antonio morcilla
Ah yes. Straight tiktok. I am definitely there all the time
Anthony not on the good side of tiktok fr
isnt zach king a vine star or am i missing something
Congrats on being tik toks biggest stars. Charli D'amelio: Am I a joke to you
why would you willingly be around lauren goodwin she dates that orange dude and fakes being abused for content
Im proud of myself, that I dont know any of them.
Ayy
Im not on straight tiktok so idk who these are
i don’t even know any of these people but😁😁😁😁😁😁
*Only OGs remember Zach King on vine*
I discovered Zach King when I was little and for, I think, 2 years I thought that he was a real magician and it made me want to become one 😅 actually good memories, thanks zach 👍🏻
Oh yeah, I love this platform. We got talents, funny videos, promotion of overdosing. Such an amazing platform
No one asked for this
Hey Anthony, how was your day?
I think zach king got popular from vine not tiktok
oh hi anthony!
Hehehehe  “Byte” sized clips
I didnt even know these people made tiktoks,,,,, im on horny weeb tiktok
We all know zach king was famous in vine
lol none of these ppl are relevant on the app anymore
I didn’t know any of these ppl
Is the fascination I have with Anthony Padilla vídeos for me. Fr this channel and it’s content is just great. 😍
Soooo no gay tiktok ? unfortunate.
Could you do one of these with enbies?
Anthony somehow found the worst lineup of Tiktokers to represent Tiktok stars; Straight Tiktok, *Lauren Godwin* , and somehow who didn’t even become famous through Tiktok...
I've never been this early omg- Hi Anthony!!!!!
You are the best You are the best! Watch your videos everyday
I would have loved if he got Hank Green on here
I haven’t seen any of these people on tiktok lmao
Lauren is so controversial but I love Justin and Zack
Zach King started on instagram =|
Zach use to be on Vine!
i miss my iron man helmet
Spend a day with Willy Wonka!!! Please
Lauren Godwin was a terrible choice. Her and Sebastian do disgusting things for fame.
Whoa
I've never seen any of these ones on my fyp...
why lauren godwin tho
Omg I'm so earlyyyyyy
Tiktok is a platform full of cringe but honestly it not creators's fault, it's just the way how the app is
Nice vid
Nobody:  Anthony: Making everyone’s day *a million* times better
I hope Zach talks about byte...
I love Zach King!!! I would always watch YouTube compilations!!❤❤
235TH lmao
Spends time with tiktoker picks a person known for vine
What about CHARLIE
This is mostly straight tiktok though...
i don’t know who either of those guys are lmao oops
I love this series, you seem a lot more fulfilled doing these videos.
Trump wants to know your location
anthony is a icon in the yt world :)
agh i'm so early helllooooo
I only know Zach here-
I wish he covered the alt TikTokers not the ones stuck in 2012
good thing you made this before tiktok went under in america lmao
Its been 6 years with you Anthony and i wish i get a heart from you
your awesome
TikTok has been banned in India here🤷‍♂️ probably because most Indians used it as a place to display their talent *of unlimited cringe.
Notif squad
Hands down best series on YouTube
so straight tiktok ✨
anthony, i think you meant musically
Who else got a notification for this while watching tiktok lol
EARLY GANG YOOOOOOO
"Spending a day with the least entertaining tiktok stars" Edit: Stop bitching about Zach. It's my opinion not yours.
how am i this early i- like if ur early
biggest stars according to who?
Why does he always fall through the ceiling
Zack King isnt just a tiktok star hes a king everywhere
No one: Tik Tok chinese spies after looking at kids dancing all day: :/
It is a threat and also it is a danger to younger people
Me: *See’s Lauren Godwin*  Wait. Ain’t she dating that one orange dood?😳
Me just on tik tok oh sh*t
I don't think that Zach King is a TIKTOKS BIGGEST STAR.
Tiktok.
I personally don't like Tik Tok, but I understand why people do. Stay safe y'all ❤️
Me thinking charli was gonna be in the vid:     👁👄👁
Alguien habla español aqui me siento solo =(
I thought you were gonna have Charli or Addison 😂😂
Uhhhhhhh Lauren has done some questionable things alongside Sebastian bales
anthony getting all the variety of people on his show lmao  edit: im not saying the "variety" is necessarily good.. 😂... y'all misunderstood me, im talking ab the variety of the whole channel in general, not j the video.
Can you do one where you sit down with people with Anxitey!!!
See My comment Anthony
I didn't know tiktok spawned from musicaly
I really hope he means early tiktok cause Tiktok evolved since this thank god
Tiktok is *TOXIC*
We need some alts
I thought it was going to be Charlie or Addison or you know those people
I was struggling to find an interesting video BUT U UPLOADED :)
Huh but TikTok is mostly filled with idiots.
Tik Tok is cool and stupid at the same time lol
Hiiiiii
I'm seriously loving this series! It is so interesting 😊
Tik tok on the clock...
Wow I checked youtube at the exact right moment!
I’m early. 74 comments 3 views. Makes sense.
Please do a video on the lego community
charli: am I a joke to you?
They're TikTok stars?
These are all straights.
I was wondering if u had quit yt and go to ur channel every, single, day... And hour....    I missed u
Quack
Video idea Spending a day with WWE LEGENDS
Hi I'm alive
I think I'm first xd
PLSSS do recovering addicts, people shame them instead of trying to understand addiction  I’m a recovering addict and would love to see that!!!
Tok Tok more like give me you *SOUL* haha lol right?
I never clicked so fast 😅😆
It’s now confirmed by proxy Anthony is officially cringy
They have never appeared in my fyp lmao💀💀
tiktok 'stars' ? *YIKES*
Hi Anthony! You probably won’t see this but I hope you have a great Wednesday!
I love this stuff it’s so good!!!!!!!!
lol early
how is zach king a tiktok star I haven’t seen one of his vids on my fyp   and god bless you had to settle with blueberry 😔
Ay im early. And why is blue hair girl on this. She is so controversial and annoying
Hi Anthony
36th if that's important I guess
Lol
Hi Anthony I am a huge fan can you shout me out
⚠️NOTE: i appreciate your feedback in the comments and have taken it all into consideration. thank you for pushing me in such a supportive way.  come back next week for *I spent a day with KIDNAP SURVIVORS* –new episode of this series every single week so consider 🔴subscribing. —ps: shoutout to everyone who has turned on notifications 🔔 and directly support me in continuing this series.
Omg I forgot Lauren Godwin existed until right now I used to watch her all the time!
Spend a day with old school rappers
So cool
I don’t know them but first time for everything right ✨
Yo whats up fellow three viewers, 5 commentersn and 17 likers. Yall the real ones lmao
4 views XD
It would be great if you post the 'I spent a day with' series in Spotify as a podcast
yay
54th
lol
Me no tik tok guy
Let's be honest your commenting and haven't watched half the video
◡̈⋆🅷🅸(●’◡’●)ﾉ
3rd
Havent been this early ever
I love how respectful Anthony is
I am early periodt.
Lauren scares me.
Like comment if you            .
Anthony Padilla!!!!!!!!!!
yes! the og’s
Early! Love your videos Anthony! ❤️❤️❤️
when you don't know any of these people because you're not on straight tiktok 👁👄👁
Okay charli and addi are in the begingin, i like it ❤️
Ayy
tiktok is so powerful
Lauren Godwin ?? oh boy
Biggest tik tok creators shows vine legend in the thumbnail
Third
Tik took is so stupid
wow i've never been this early
I don't think I like where this is gonna go. They are for sure gonna say that the ban should not happwn since American companies do it. They might think that mabey having the comunist party having info is fine because American companies do
Wow you’re nearly at 5m hope u get it soon
Early!!!! Yay
i love anthony sm omfg
FIRST LOVE YOU ANTHONY!!
Aye
Uhhhhh 🔥🔥🔥🔥 wanted to be 1st comment :(
I love you so much ❤❤❤❤❤❤
i have no clue who any of those people are im sorry
Hello fellow early hoomans
Cool
those are NOT tiktok’s biggest stars
PIN This to be E  P I C
I was literally just on your channel wtf
I’m so sorry you had to talk to Lauren Godwin 😔
Almost first
Mr. Beast Already bro he first no cap
We hate tiktok.
Lauren has fallen out of relevancy
3 views and 50 likes
HELL YEAH
What about belle delphine
First
Im early, I hope this video is a good one  (Edit) just finished watching and it was indeed a good video, Anthony has some fire dance moves lmao
I don't like tiktok
isn’t zach king the vine guy?
imagine Tiktok
helloo
There are tiktokers way bigger than them though 👁️👄👁️
First
Love you
o
Third
👁️👄👁️
hey anthony i love ur vids
I'm early yeii
6th comment
Hello
First
Haaai
Don’t worry everyone, I’m here!
First
Yes finally
love these videos
Pizza time
Hi
Tik tok is cancer period
Early gang where u at?
Second
hello there
ive never clicked FASTER
Aw man
Hi
WOW
Wow
Hola
First
4
Early
Hello
Buenardo 😎😎😎
Early
Hi
ZACH?
hello i am early who wants to kiss
Early gang
Hola
Hi
H
I’m still waiting for he could meet the dude. Theswimmingplant (aster from the emo video) It’s been months now
hi
Early!!
First
Ight
Bruh.
First
second
Coolio! I love these videos!💜
