Fidough is love, Fidough is life.
These theory/speculation videos hit differently after you've already played the game. 😵
Here proto and neo forms
If catching Pokémon is as fun as it is in Arceus then I’mma have a blast
Is terrastrialize the new 'alpha' pokemon?
Never thought I'd ever buy a switch but now I need one 😂 Send ids. I'll add everyone my introvert ass needs the friends 😂
I want Grass dark cat.
Im gonna bye this Game as soon as IT cones out
Bro are you paid by Nintendo, alot of this is terrible design. Giving you a legendary at the beginning of the game 🤦‍♂️, do children have to earn anything anymore?
why one of the legendaries pokemon has wheels if it barely uses??? like it uses on water (we can see the wheels spinning) but otherwise it just RUNS  the other one has its limbs but it retracts when using it wheels to travel around which ok makes sense is a future pokemon but still??? why put the wheels on the past pokemon??? why didnt they take it off so it would make sense for it to be running or swimming
I love Sawbuck!!!! It's only great because the same Sawsbuck can change form. Wow you found a lot of info on the Pokemon website I missed!
i wish we had a pokemon league like in the anime. Tournament style
I’m so excited
BROOO please brush up on your spanish theze towns are spanish inspired
.... It has wheels but runs..... I'm freaking done
Paldea region is so big and cool
gearing up to be sad about the outfits again lol
Clavell has nothing but Premier Balls, what an ass.
Sprigitito will be grass dark,fuecoco will be fire ghost,and quaxly will be water fighting
I don't trust Clavell, he runs a big -corporation- Private school, he's inherently evil
i hope Horsea is in, i looooovvee! Kingdra!!!!....lol but if not i Reeeeaaalllyy hope we get Skrelp back, bc they have been absent, and i miss them....also...it said "Age is not an issue in enrollment here-from children to adults-" so i wish that there were customization was more of an option....come on Gamefreak!!! i am a 35 yr old and i dont want to look all cute in my little school outfit!!! lol .....very disappointing.....
Are they replacing the typing they have or adding a typing?
I shall name my Fidough, Pillsbury, and you can't stop me. 😡
I hate how people act like the game is based in Spain and not the Iberian Peninsula, Portugal and Spain are very similar but also very different, and we hate each other.
if the paldea region has cosmetics for the pokemon            Idea; technoblade mask for lechonk
6:56 (Remembers when squirtle learned bite) BLASTOISE I KNEW YOU WERE HOLDING OUT!!! WHERES M'DAMN DARK TYPE TURTLE!!! >:(
Martin and his FUCKIN COSMIC SPAMMER SOLROCK better not pop up in any of the group battles I swear to god.
We need to discus the pure-bread's name pronunciation because it's supposed to be a play in the popular dog name "Fido" and the "i" in it definitely doesn't have the english pronunciation. Google Translate has a good example of the pronunciation in spanish.
3:11 Inam think it could be possible that they are clones of either the real legendaries or that of a third (A present-don if you would). And unlike other clones, the one the player gets is actually special in some shape, that being a particular gene or a bond regarding with the player. And if the rumors of Fake-forms of pokemon are true, then Pokemon cloning is not that far fetched.
Is no one gonna talk about how the first Pokémon ever designed.. it’s name is literally “ride on” (Rydon)?? But we have never once had a ride option for it? Show some love for my boy
naranja and uva are just the spanish words for oranges and grapes
nahhh the type change being all types is 100% only a eevee thing. because of eevee's changeable dna in its lore for years now
I'd like to mention that Mesagoza seems like a mix o different big Spanish cities. The most obvious ones, by its architecture, are Madrid and Barcelona, but by the name in different languages we could add the Aragonese metropolis Zaragoza (English name, Mesagoza), and the old Castilian capital city Toledo (French name, Mesaledo).
Path 1:gyms Path 2:legends Path 3 treasure hunt
When you were discussing the forms of the main legends I got past and future vibes.
What if there is no villan? We haven't seen any evil team in the trailers, so it makes sense
I'm going to wait a month after launch. I saw sword/shield and the diamond/pearl remakes as complete trash. After two failures in a row, I'm going to be skeptical about a mainline game.
It's not even just ten year olds enslaving gods for battle anymore. Now they're enslaving gods to turn them into glorified Ubers.
WOOPER FOR DA WIIIIIIIIIIINNNN LEEEEEEEEEETS GOOOOOOOO LOL LMAO WOOPER GETS A VARIANT HAHAHAHAHAHA
Have you notice the sunflora? What if it's a paldean form
Scorbunny learns Double Kick but doesn't become Fighting type.
I'm betting money that the three "stories" are just the one we know, the gym challenge, but the other two is just the evil team story and probably unlocking the box legends' "true form".
Sounds like terastralizing is gonna have something like hidden power's mechanic to determine the typing, personally.
Me in my head: STAY ON ALL FOURS.
Cetitan is kinda round head, you like it?
Wearing a school uniform all the time isn’t odd in this game as it’s based on a European school system and we 99% have to wear a school uniform when going to/from/out and about when doing stuff with or for them
thanks
Fun fact: The engine in the car is a new poison steel type Pokémon
All I'll say is they should have just left it at mega evolution, every mechanic since then has been way too over exaggerated
...not as excited anymore but still going to get it...
I hear people saying it might be penny but she seems more like a side rival. I feel like the biology teacher is the bad guy based on this gens close relationship with the pokemons biology. What do yall think?
They totally missed the chance to name the dog fidoughlais. Also i'm betting everything one lechonks evolucion being a buff pig called chanchunky
Clavell looks like the magician guy from isle of armor
I really hope Clavell isn't the antagonist, I'm sick of these obvious plot twist antagonists. Give me back a bad guy that's unapologetically bad and just out there about it.
Realizing Grusha isn’t a girl :,)
What do you mean forms are coming back we’ve had from Gen 7 all the way now
I bet Sada or Turo are the bad guys
1. Gym route  2.Racing bad guys route (or something bad guys)  3.Treasure hunt/secret to teracrytalizblablah  Pretty sure that's cheating if they just do that and call it 3 stories. 'Weaving your story' just meaning you can pick which order you do a usual Pokémon game where it all is combined together.
Idk Fidough's mouth idk 😓 Bothers me
This is going to be great.
Imagine the 3rd legend acts like the eon flute
Ok. First of all. Literally NOTHING you showed or talked about wasn't expressly covered in the trailer itself or the website. Not one single thing you mentioned was a "hidden" detail.  That said, there are 4 things that have me bummed about this game so far (and about a hundred that have me hyped) those 4 are:  The battle mechanics - why are we going back to pokemon attacking the air in front of them after PLA nailed this aspect? Their stoopid hats - the type "crowns" that terrastalized pokemon get are so ugly.  Uniforms only - why can we not change our clothes? We're always locked in to a school uniform? That's lame on a colossal level. Koraidon runs - what are his wheels even for? He looks like a goober running instead of riding like Miraidon.
You'll notice that Guy Fieri hot rod is driver-less. I think that the engine protruding from the front is a Pokémon.
You could be the regions first champion
Dude said 20 things you missed in the trailer then proceed to describe the trailer.... where are the hidden details
Uniforms are gay. They need to make an adult pokemon
Does koraidon not know it has wheels? Someone tell him please 😭 edit: they even acknowledge it themselves. Such trolls 😂
The fact Eevee can terastallize into a flying type maybe just maybe could speculate a hidden nature of Eevee that has the potential to evolve into a new evolution for it, and it will be a flying type.
2:12 said the same thing twice
I still have fingers crossed for a new Eeveelution
Koraidon and miraidon is the hm replacement for this gen
Fidough is Going to be my 1st  wild pokemon
BECAUSE THEY PUT THE GAME OUT BEFORE ALL INFO
WHAT DID I MISS. ALSO I KNOW THEY DID NOT ADD IT ALL BUT ITS WEIRD
Calvell uses premier balls, this he can't possibly be bad.
Sada and Turo are names that comes from the word Pasada(past) and Futuro(Future)
which ones r yall getting im going for violet
I'm so stoked for the release however the gym challenge may be slacking if they don't level match your character
I hope they don't do the whole, Clavell is the bad guy thing. I think it would be more interesting if at first he seems bad but he's been a good guy the whole time
I'm probably wrong but maybe (because of the web site) eevee may have a New Flying eeveelution. Like the rare eevee with the Flying teratype Will end up sticking to their teratype and become Flying type while evolving
Yo get that big ugly thing off ma pokemans head
Narwhal?
Wouldn't that be crazy it Tera Flying type Eevee is a hint to a new eeveelution that is a flying type.
Commenting before watching the video. These videos of spoilers, and people reporting leaks and such, I feel it ruins the excitement for the game. I'm trying to stay ignorant to the games so I can enjoy them more, and get the shock of seeing this new thing when it is presented in game. I'm also, not going to actually watch the video. Just leaving the comment.
NEW WOOPER! fuck the rest
Mesagoza Paldea!
I bet we will meet the legendary pkmn early on. Then transform them into some ultra versions late game
since you can do gyms in any order im going to ice first and picking up a cetitan along the way!
I don't think clavell is antagonist bcuz it says "he can be strict but also he is kind".. remember cyllene in legend arceus data? and ended not the antagonist but volo.
11:30 excuse me but is she *DUA LIPA*
There is a problem whith the legendarys how you will trade them what the gona pull aut a sun and moon move
Maybe one of the other 2 stories is the alola format 3:51 i think it has something to do with the crystal gimmick, maybe its how you make your pokemon transform into its terastral state
that regional map is about a 95% match of the map you dismissed as a fake in this video https://youtu.be/5_JjZYqVKjc?t=619
I like the idea of Clavel being an antagonist, simply because he looks like Preminger from Barbie to me xD
I squealed so hard when I saw Sawsbuck because it's one of my favourite pokemon <3 I hope we get more deer/goat pokemon because I love deers 🥺🥺
heres a funny theory, that, knowing gamefreak, might actually be correct: clavell will NOT be the antagonist, and will instead be a bait-and-switch. it will be implied throughout the game that clavell is the big bad, and you will and up confronting him, just for it to be revealed that clavell is perfectly innocent, and the real antagonist was someone much closer, and seemingly friendlier, perhaps such as the professors
Literally tousends of Pokémon especialy starters know bite and yet they aren‘t dark types. I don’t get it why you asume it can become dark type just because of that.
As a portuguese hearing you not acknowledging portugal for the origin of the map really bothers mee and you just lost a subscriber.  I wouldn‘t care if you where just a random player. But you are a poketuber for god sake and at this point you should had known that paldea is based on the iberian peninsula wich includes portugal for the case you still didn‘t get it.   It makes me feel like i am the only one that knows the fact that jun‘ichi masuda and the rest of gamefreak was actually in portugal during development for this game. Japanese and Portuguese have a very deep bonded relationship because history. Japanese learn that in shool just like we do about them. That’s why they would never likely forget portugal when it comes to pokemon region. Unlike some other dudes that roam the internet.  Anyway this is my last comment  Bye wish you the best… in spain  Não metes ném se quer um passo no lado da mapa baseado a Lusitânia. Fode-te os trimbos caralho!
I had to laugh when I saw the windmills. Please get a Don Quixote reference in the form of a NPC XD
Another key note, it is speculated that the engine in the car is a new poison/steel type.
As long as Sprigatito knows leech seed I'll be happy.
I think that “Champion” is gonna be more of a ranking or a status that multiple people can get, rather than a title held by one person, and you just have to pass an exam/battle against some powerful dude running the assessment thingy
I will say, Sawsbuck and Deerling did get a nice feature in New Snap. But good to see them playable!
The region is also based on Portugal and Oranges are more typical for Portugal. Because fun fact Portugal was a long time ago the only producers of oranges and Portugal did introduce it to the rest of the world, that‘s why till this day in many languages like greek or arabic and many more, oranges are literally called portugal. Spain also produces oranges today but back then it was only Portugal that exported and introduce it to other country‘s. oranges are associedet with Portugal since ever.   Those are the languages i know that calls orange Portugal:  - arabic (multiple countrys) - greek - italian (only partly) - persian - turkish - romanic  - bulgarian  - macedonian  - albanian  - moldavian (if count as seperate) - azerbaijan  - georgian
Did you see when the people talk about the game in the back the 3 pikachus it shows the final evolution of the starter Pokémon !
Alright wearing a school uniform all the time is kind of annoying but no one is talking about the fact that you can finally ride around without a helmet. I always hated how it changed my cool outfit into a bunch of safety equipment. Made riding around look so lame that I didn't use it, unless absolutely necessary.
I'll tell you what often gets over looked... garden fences.
I want the Purple Lizard ...but Prof Sada is a WAIFU PROF
Thanks again for a very detailed video and i'm looking forward to the games release even more! And i also think you have made some very valid predictions to what's coming! On the other hand i just want to see it for myself! Obviously i can't wait and pre ordered them directly when i could (metal case which hold both)! Hope the wait feels shorter then it looks like now😂
Praying that everyone falls asleep quickly and has a peaceful sleep. Hope you all wake up happy and well rested
The electric gym leader looks a little plain to me. Her earings are lightning so obviously she is a electric gym user
A note: Sawsbuck and Deerling. In the first shot of them, they show both Autumn form Sawsbuck (drooping leaves) and Spring form Deerling(flower on their forehead. Highly doubt it is a seasons thing.
I never saw that!! Amazing!!
"Details You MISSED"?! How you gonna make number 1 Sawsbuck? Ain't no one not see the 10 Sawsbuck on screen at the very beginning of the trailer 🥹  Don't watch this video, just watch the trailer and the thoughts that pop in your head will tell you more than this video 🫡
This game looks like a mix of sword and shield and legends arceus which is exactly what I wanted in a Pokémon game
For the champion assessment, I’m thinking it’ll be similar to the Pokémon league in the anime which I have been asking for for a while. It would be dope to have an actual competition you have to get through.
Hoops: Yes!! Non Bipedal Legendaries! I love it!  Hip-Hop: Uhhhggh.. they just give us the Legendaries. I hate it!
Fidough
Sawsbuck really made me cheer!  More emphasis on variants and, even changing seasons!
Legendarys as vehicles? Final Fantasy 13 flashbacks! The boredom!! The unadulterated boredom!! This is a very bad sign!!!
Brooooo I legit was working on my own Fakemon Region with the same Battle Mechanic dang... Guess I gotta rethink my idea now... But this is still an awesome vid!!!!!!
this is a hilarious but what if the plot revolved around clavell becoming young again ... which means he has to TIME TRAVEL 🤣🤣
I still want the natonal dex and all my pokemon back thats what killing it for me
So hopefully they learned from the last gen and Galar where the story was mostly just running to each gym and hop battle with some lore and rival battles sprinkled in.  Team Yell was almost a non factor in most of the story and gameplay other then bike stuff and the 7th gym. There was no big caves or buildings to explore, everything were short liner path’s to the next gym with no real depth to them.  And anything cool that happened was handled offscreen by Leon.  So all you get to do is go to gyms and wander a field trying to catch and level Pokémon for the next gym.
the grass starter's name sounds like spriggan. an old dude guarding treasure
I hate it that pokemon introduced teralize stuff I just really think that they are ruining the Pokémon games. Z-moves were nice dynamax was chaotic and disappointing but I’d absolutely love mega evolution. So Pls just bring mega evolution back 🥺
Pokémon: Digimon Edition
I wouldn't think too hard about the customizations being limited to a school uniform of some kind. We've had similar "limits" ever since customization was introduced. Like SM and USUM having you mostly limited to summer clothes. SWSH, you're stuck with a big bulky bag. XY, I didn't have too many complaints about the customization other than you having to wear a hat.  You obviously won't be stuck with a white shirt and orange/purple shorts. There's most likely going to be different kinds of shirts and jackets, but your school emblem is somewhere on them.  I honestly believe that we're going to see seasons in SV. The fact that they showed off Sawsbuck out in the field has some meaning other than "this Pokemon is confirmed". This line was first introduced in BW to show off seasons, so it's got to be reintroduced to show off the return of seasons.
I don’t think that sprigatito will become a dark type.
I don't think I've been this hyped for a main series pokemon game in years!!
why they have to make pkmn glow with crystals like this was Saint Seiya or some shit...I'm crying (Im beginning to understand Genwunners) PS: they taking some Inazuma Ares vibes here
Bruh how can the box legendaries become our common bikes? OmG then hw r they legendary?
Sigh… you not being up to date w the leaks really makes you sound so out of it and stupid Hoops.   Sprigatito is Grass Dark, Fuecoco Fire Ghost and Quaxly Water Fighting  You wouldn’t have to guess and theorize and make yourself look really dumb if you followed leaks.
uva means grape in Italian
There has been speculation on a new Eeveelution and Penny is in a dragon type attire with an Eevee backpack. Coincidence? I think not.
I hope skitty and poocheyena will be in this game because I haven’t been able to find them since emerald I think but I don’t remember lol I also hope we get another vulpix variant because u love vulpix
I was going to say, it looks like the customization is focusing a bit more on the side of the actual bodily appearance of the player this time around, with the effect that some player characters appear to be _older_ than the defaults we were shown, and I wonder if the reason for having the more limited clothing customization what with the uniform was to give GameFreak some room to breathe and focus on this first attempt at that. But most importantly, if there is truly a form of age select in these games, that would be an absolutely perfect opportunity to re-implement difficulty settings like how they appeared in Unova 2, without the need for the Key System that held it back in those games...though given that there are NPC characters explicitly noted to be "your upperclassman" and "in your grade," this one could be wishful thinking on my part.
So if there's a terraform of Evee with the flying type... Does that mean there will also be a new Evee evolution with the flying type? 🤔
. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubVjP4uD-os
IT’S PRONOUNCED NER-ON-JU
Maybe is that big car from the evil team
I think this confirms all or at least a good amount of the Twitter leaks from that one user are true since he predicted a Poison Ground type Wooper. He also said it’d have a new evo and Wooper and Tauros are the only regional forms this time around.
would be nice if clavell were a snape-like red herring for a change
6:44-6:46  I think one small cool thing about that Pokédex shot, is that the player chose the grass starter, and their rival chose the one you’re super effective against (quaxly). This opens up the possibility of your true rival having the starter super effective against your Pokémon (Like Hop & Leon).
I see what you’re saying about the early stage learning a move that will become their type upon evolution but i feel like that might be a bit of stretch though as bite is a really common move for non dark type pokemon to learn for coverage.
Interestingly enough that the website said clavell is a friend of both professors. Maybe clavell knows how to travel from past and future.
I hope it's like sw/sh because there is no elite four and I loved it
I honestly think that Clavell is more of a Cyline. Strict, but not a villain.
Therastrelize looks por taste
I don’t think the legendaries should be the ride Pokémon
So no one gonna mention how Cetitan is just basically the first form of Isobu the Three Tailed Beast from Narutoverse.
The way that the legendaries look with the wheels is so, so stupid. Maybe violet can get away with it, but not scarlet. Scarlet still runs. Violet is like a porygon.
Not sure about the sprigitto stuff, squirtle and many other starters learn bite, not distinct to say for sure. By the 2nd evolution we usually know, but then they could just pull a rowlett on us.
I think its going to be a test to become the champion because its like a school game like a league to become the first champion like in alola
The car looks like hot water from Transformers.
1. Cetitan 2. Fuecoco 3. Miraidon 4. P-wooper 5. Smoliv 6. Koraidon 7. Quaxly 8. Lechonk 9. Sprigatito 10. Fidough 11. Pawmi
Fidough is just 🥺🥺😍😍
Ooh I can’t wait to get my hands on both the Scarlet and Violet Pokémon games 🤩🤩😆😆
The mascot legendaries look terrible
Ok, So now I wanna know what the Villian Team will be in this Game... Hopefully it'll have Something to do with that strange Car we saw in the Trailer
Appletun, Alcreme, Fidough. Im so close to becoming a Pastry Gym Leader
As I was reading over the website I couldn't help but notice that when it describes Mr clavell it says it that he ACTS as director and principal of the school and he SEEMS to be a friend of the professors. Either the word choice is a coincidence or he very well may be the secret antagonist of the series. Also when I was reading about the champion assessment I had the idea that while it may not be a traditional elite four I thought it might be something along the lines of some of the instructors at the Academy acting as final bosses if you will in the style of the elite four from previous generations. This is totally my own speculation and I may be totally off but those are my thoughts. Also, I love your videos and your insite into the Pokemon universe!
Hm, how very interesting.
What if Sada and Turo act as Team Magma and Team Aqua from Ruby/Sapphire. Meaning, what if in Scarlet, Turo is the bad guy and Violet Sada is the bad guy? Turo would be trying to force the advancement into the future and Sada would be trying to take down future advancements to bring the world back into the past, where times were simpler? Could a play on the effects of technology damaging the world or something. I don't know, it's early AM and I'm just thinking. The headmaster could be pulling all the strings. Meaning you are on a treasure hunt right? He could be searching for a particular treasure that would have the power to help said professors bring upon their master plan to take down/advance their respective future/past plans.
No reaction for the new ground wooper being immune to water type moves
Also watch Austin johns videos
Those pokemon athe start that you sad they appierd first time senc tjeir generetion that those pokemon ar in pokemon go so they appiered.
These are cool and all, but what surprised me the most is that Grusha is a guy.
If Pokemon could have the ability to be any type. I wonder if it has any similarities or connection to the Hidden Power mechanic
I am speculating that there will be some way to upgrade you legendary ride Pokémon and this will help with levels and this will also be part of one of the 3 missions
Big miss IMO how the legendaries seem to be the only rideable Pokémon. Would have been cool if you could ride your own party Pokémon so long as they were compatible. Like flying on a dragonite, riding a sawsbuck, holding onto a swimming gyarados, etc…. The legendary can of course do it all, but all the more reason it should have been saved for the end. I get they want to change things up, but between that, the ridiculous way the new gimmick looks, and just how overall choppy the trailer was, I’m unfortunately not as pumped as I was 😔 even if the final product is 3 times the quality of what we saw, it’s still BAD. I’ve defended gamefreak and Pokémon over the last couple releases, but it’s getting to the point of being inexcusable. I’m playing Skyrim on my switch. SKYRIM!! 😂 no reason why Pokémon can’t step their graphics up. Just go from a 4/10 to a 6/10 and I’ll be impressed!
Is Glaseado pronounced gla-SEE-doh or gla-see-AH-doh?
I agree with you about clavell
The games release in the next 3 months. Does anyone think we'll get one more trailer between now and then?
To me Clavell is just your basic nice, calm but stern principal. Oh and, a PokéMons Tera type can be any of the 18 types, I thought that was very obvious in my opinion but hey, that's MY opinion.
Oh I would live to see a region varidate Murkrow. Maybe be a magpie inspiration.
I don’t understand terastalisation. In terms of, what is it based on or around? Im curious what the theory behind it is. Looking forward to them making it make sense. Guess we’ll find out in November.
I don't watch the trailer so I missed more than 20 ~(• ‿ •)~
I just really hope the battle animations are going to be as good as legends arceus
Mh personally I think it looks like a lot of improvement compared to Arceus. So maybe this is the fist switch Pokemon I actually pick up. But I wait and see if they are fair to the target audience like preorder bonuses and such. What I really don't like though is the weels of the legendaries (?) Cover Pokemon. They look very organic and not mechanical and the weels don't look like some sort of harness but a part of it's body that detaches? There are mechanical Pokemon though the overall design of those two rather looks like an animal/dragon type of pokemon as well, which just makes it weird for me. So I hope it IS a harnes which funktions like the bike upgrade. A motor bike is sure cool.
Bit counterproductive for Koraidon to enlarge its "wheel" fun using its limbs.
I hope Cetitan has a pre-Evo OR Evolution, if it doesn't then it's just Duraludon 2.0, which is fine, but a land-whale that's SMALLER than Wailmer?! No way!
eye shape and mouth shape is important, because it actually changes a character's looks outside of color like the previous few games have done. i doubt it but maybe you'll be able to change facial and/or bodily structure slightly too.
Fidough is directly related to Swirlix.  Fairy Dogs
I really HOPE G10 has Voice Acting
The 3 Stories are:  - Gym Challenge - The Races/Racing Flags/Rally Flags - Treasure Hunt
The weird car is a jeepney, now i want a philipine pokemon gen
I just hope Snorlax will be in the game
Personally I think that "weird car" is inspired by a lowrider, it's clearly taking all the elements of a lowrider (bright paint, flames, neon lights, big subwoofer speaker systems, overall just flashy and loud) and dramatizing them to fit the pokemon world, but that's definitely a play on a lowrider, and with "vehicles" being a sub theme of the game, I think it's clear that they're drawing inspiration from Hispanic automotive culture as lowriders originated in Hispanic cultures in the southwest United States and northern Mexico. I know the game is based in Spain but Spain has touched too much of the world for them to only draw from just Spain itself, and with the theme of the game it just makes a lot of sense
Scarlet and Violet's pokemon names are the best!
The title should be "Things you missed only if you didnt watch the pokemon present"  These things are always pure clickbait💀
I hope the city’s and towns actually have stuff to do and feel like city’s sword and shield towns had like three buildings even the city’s were smaller then castella city
Fidough is on my team. I freaking adorable!! 😍😍
Pretty good trailer, not gonna lie. The only disappointing thing is "the gimmick". Gamefreak has beem trying to reinvent mega evolution for  three generations now and they failed miserably every time. Looks like they are going to fail fourth time in a row. Except for mega evolution, every gimmick was a random super power which made competitive play kinda dumb. And if Showdown is anything to go by, none of the gimmicks have been accepted into competitive community except megas.  Anyway, this was kinda long rant for something meaningless like the new gimmick. The games looks amazing tho
uh you missed the biggest twist in the video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsCypgTZC50
I hate the legendary bikes so much.  Please if you're going to make a DRAGON pokemon rideable it better feel like being a cool dragon rider!!  I get Miraidon at least, the bike part looks cool but the wings sprouting from the head are so dumb.  But Koraidon having wheels makes no sense if it's the 'past' pokemon.  You know what we rode in the past?  Horses.  Make it run.
Did anyone notice that fidough looks strikingly close to the scrapped pre evolution of growlithe, plus fidough is listed as the puppy Pokémon, just like growlithe
✊
Scorbunny learnt double-kick which is a fighting move but it didn't evolve into a fighting type.   Therefore I don't believe Sprigatito will evolve into a dark type based on the fact it learns a move of a specific type; especially when said move is learnt by many pokemon not belonging to that type
Oi why is no one talking about rotodex coming back.
The Scarlet legendary looks so ridiculous in sprint mode.  Big wheels that do nothing.
I know that a lot of people want it to be a surprise, but I hope they reveal the final evolutions for the starters. I usually pick fire because water and grass types are more common, but Incineroar was so ugly. Luckily I picked Popplio in Gen 7
Miraidicycle
Fidough looks JUST LIKE the grass cat starter you had commissioned for one of your previous videos Lmao.
The gimmick Is Just a fusion of dynamax and gen 5 gems... Boring
Notes about the map:  Starting town is in bottom left corner, it seems Sawsbuck scene in thetrailer is top left corner
Doesn't Rowlet also learn Astonish super early?
I love all what i've seen, apart from the new gimmick
Since Koraidon and Miraidon might be given super early into the game, I have a feeling they're not the true, proper, main legendaries. They might not even be legendary at all.
Water absorb ground type?? nice
Miraidon is a jetplane, lets ****ing go
It says that all Pokémon can terastallise and it can become any type as there are 18 crystal types.
Patiently waiting for contests to come back
Calling it now with all the gem based stuff/treasure hunting. We are gonna get DLC based on El Dorado. I mean it’s the Spanish region it just makes sense.
Spain and Portugal, I'm not gonna make anyone forget this game is the iberrean peninsula Spain and Portugal (yes I am Portuguese sue me) my country got an inspired region I'm allowed to have fun with it
Does this mean there won't be proto or neo pokemon? Sadge
I dont want the legendaries in my party, so if im forced to have them in my party ill be pissed. main reason yellow was trash being forced to cart around that dogass pikachu
If I ever use Paldean Whooper I'm gonna name it Bimples (Bone Dimples)
I mean, Litten's first 4 moves contain Lick which is a ghost move, and Incineroar is a dark type so...
Ok my gues is on flying type eeveelution
I'm going to say this in my honest opinion. I saw the trailer, kept my expectations low and watched it with an open mind and I can say that there were things that I did enjoy. First, I thought the characters shown were pretty well detailed, I thought it was only the professors that had this detailed but it's also the other characters as well. As for the concerning side, I found Korraidon running on all 4s despite having wheels to be pretty uncanny maybe I'm missing something? But when I saw Miraidon riding it looked proper I don't know but it does look uncanny. The new Pokèmon: Fidough, Cetitan, and Paldean Wooper look fine (although I found Cetitan to look more ai generated which is the reason why I found it uncanny). The more concerning part of the trailer for me is the Terastal Mechanic, so basically it makes your Pokèmon look like a diamond but then I saw these weird hats on top of their heads which had me thinking how do you go from Mega Evolutions to this and since mechanics play an integral role in each new main core title I don't know how I feel about the Terastal mechanic.   But overall, I thought this trailer was fine enough, it wasn't bad or anything, although there are concerns that I've mentioned above, I still have to play the game in order to get the full-on experience.  Until the game releases, I'm going to try my best to avoid leaks/spoilers as I want to experience the game without any crucial details told out
Indefinitely think Eevee can switch type cause she has different evolutions. Maybe a very select few can have the same, but not as much as you made it sound. I also think the design, art style makes a lot of sense to the Spanish names because I always felt they had an old style Spanish look to them. Just look at older Spanish big eyed cartoon drawings
3:44 ok i think that “weird car” is similar to the jeepney which is exclusive to the Philippines, its not from Spain but does two countries have a history with one another.
3:49 now here me out:  Evil team. And they just pull up to you while you are on your legendary and are like "yo let's fight" and you fight on the bus while the landscape is going by
"Some of the leaks might be true"  Me who watches Adrive: 😐
Totadile could also learn bite. Just saying.
This new game looks good but I still want mega-evos back
This game is getting more and more awesome
Is there any confirmation on if the overworld shines from PLA will carry over into SV?
I thought that the games were gonna make the legendaries harder...
The legendaries kind of remind me of type null
What do u guys think the fossil Pokémon are gonna be like
Hispanic user here, just to confirm that "naranja" & "uva" are indeed Spanish words for orange & grape respectively. Also Cetitan & Paldean Wooper will be part of my team
Nice video Hoops i like your content i made a Paldean Quagsire im a aspiring artist i love you Pokemon art videos alot.
I honestly can't wait to have _another_ Fevine
Flying type eeveelution confirmed???
The "wheels" on the Legendaries - I don’t like- It’s seems a little off 🤔
Can we do curly/kinky hair?
Game looks LAZY. RE-RELEASING THE SAME THING OVER AND OVER
I JUST realised, you’re at a SCHOOL! (No that’s not the part I realised, follow me on this one)  Think about it, what is school supposed to teach you?  Skills that travel over to your jobs!  What jobs are there!?  Nurse, police, gym leader, professor, breeder (at least Brock is), etc! There are other jobs (feel free to add anything I’ve forgotten) but those are the big ones.  What if you’re actually learning skills like that, and that’s where the “three different paths” come in!?  Idk, just a thought I just had...
We haven't had a regular 8 Gyms and Elite 4 since Gen 6
How did you turn this around so fast holy crap
I really hope that there will be Pokemon that have special Tera forms. Kinda like how certain Pokemon in Sword/Shield had unique G-Max forms. It could be a sort of "sequel" to Mega Evolutions.
Side note on 6:15: “Uva” means “Grape” in Portuguese as well ;)  🍇🍇🍇🇵🇹🇵🇹🇵🇹
i hope you can do all 3 storylines.
Ok so there was a confirmation that the "sail boat" like shape on the gym is in fact the Gym Leagues Logo. Which means a Confirmed Ice gym and most likely Grass or Bug gym as that symbol was shown on a grassy arena last trailer. And it's still possible to have an "Elite Four" or something similar since it's a Champions Assessment. Maybe Jacq looks very much like a Poison type user (even specializes and teaches Biology) and could be a way to have an Elite Four with the teachers being a test to overcome
The transition between ride mode flight mode aquatic  mode etc is very jarring.
At least we know that the written language in pokemon is the same throughout the pokemon world....unlike ours in real. Smh
Far out there theory but maybe the father of players character is leader of villain team, could explain why he’s not at home or it could even be the mother and the player in 1 story could end up joining evil team and take over region
Ko-RIDE-don and Mi-RIDE-don.
I'm gonna say one of the story's is traveling thru time with the weird bus my idea
I feel like the new gimick is just a fancy secret power ability
Pooper
Eevee having a flying type tyrastalise could mean a new eeveeloution
Cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooool
I just wanna know if we have to bake fidough to evolve it
I'm kinda sad to see a regular Persian. I wanted each new region to have a Meowth variant :(  Give me a fighting type Meowth based on Puss in Boots! I demand more cats!
Cetitan is gonna be so underrated but it’s my fav from the new Pokémon in the trailer
Actually the flying Pikachu is a reference to Pikachu in the startup cutscene in Pokemon Yellow which the card is based off of if I am remembering right
all these details and u dont say anything about sunflora?! no body cares that we might be getting a regional sunflora evo or a sunflora regional form !?.....come on sunflora is cute also this is basically beta sunflora revived...ik it may be a statue or sumthing but ir could be statue of the sunflora regional form or corss gen evo after all wydeer doesnt look too differnet from stantler
I wanted pokemon scarlet because the legendary looked cool but now that I see them in game... Bro they ruined koraidon XD so am definitely choosing violet.
Mark my words:  Grass/dark, water/flying, fire,ground
I’m hyped. But I miss the elite 4
Or maybe he's(Clavell) just a strict, uptight principal...
would be interesting if terastralizing is linked to hidden move typing since that is a gimic that no one seems to use anymore.
Either Clavell is;  A. The main, surprise antagonist (à la Chairman Rose) who sets you off to find treasure, but takes said treasure because it’s a MacGuffin to something big happening behind the scene.  B. He’s kinda a bad guy, maybe playing second fiddle to a different bad guy. Either he sticks true to his position like Olivia, or he changes his standing and aid you like Guzma.  C. We expect him to be a bad guy, but it’s a bait-and-switch to someone different, and he’s actually helping/nice the whole time.  D. He’s just…there. Nothing too serious for the plot. He may have a plot arc that runs around him at some point, but it’s brief.
Pokemon is slowly turning into roblox
i feel Tera Types are tied to a Poke's hidden ability.....
Very pleased with the content of this latest trailer.
The schools are located in mesagoza 😂!! Because mesagoza to school 😂😂😂😂😂!!!!!
Who’s ready for Pokémon three houses
I'm already imagining the struggle of breeding a shiny pokemon that has the desired terratype also 😵 i hope it can be controlled somewhat via breeding. i do think it brings in some fun unpredictability into competitive battles.
Wait.....wild guess, but could there be a flying type eeveelution????
Forsure getting violet I love the legendary
That water absorb whopper gon be nasty
Scizor with water type will be busted
I wonder if you can do all three stories in one save file
Flying pikachu was a gift in Japan in gen 1
Hoops: "We now have a pastry dig Pokémon" Slurpuff: (lays dead in a ditch somewhere)
Claim your standing weed cat ticket here:
So each probably be a Version Exclusive might be so even if you Trade those Legends to the Next Game you'll still Access the other as a Ride thru out the Game
Not going to lie, the way you ride on Koraidon gives serious Flintstones vibes with how it’s running to move the wheels.
The tress are hmmm
I can see Swarovski franchise getting in on this and partnering with Pokémon to issue some crystal Pokémon statues. Lol.
I think Palean whooper is a mountain axolotal
I find it odd that Koraidon's wheels grow for its sprinting build form but then it decided to run around instead. Like, those wheels are going to get in the way if there's even a small rock under it. So why not just roll around at that point? I guess it makes sense for the swimming build form though as it uses the wheels as flotation devices or something? That's not how that would normally work though as it would take more effort to stay afloat with the wheels aligned that way but it's Pokemon after all. They have not one but two dragons that have wheels on them and one doesn't use them.  And I hate Fidough's name if only because that's supposed to be one of those cleaver wordplay nicknames that we're supposed to give to it and not be its actual name. Like something along the lines of Shaymin being an actual hedgehog. This isn't Dragon Quest, this is Pokemon. The names shouldn't be THAT on the nose.
The Tera forms just sound like mega evolutions with extra steps
For characters: Grusha, he's a dude
I'm beelining for my City......they better make a city where my city is meant to be.
I’m still surprised that the characters actually look the age they’re supposed to look. I am excited to see how the open world works. And beyond happy that they finally brought back Pokémon following you around. Though I’m not buying it for myself I’m buying it for the kids. At least that’s what my husband thinks.
I swear there was a goat pokemon in the trailer that's new
Pokémon Gotta ride them *ALL!* 🤩 Well maybe not the smaller ones! 😅
I don't want a tera flying type Eevee I want a new flying type eeveelution that can learn wing atk, aerial ace, brave bird, acrobatics ect. Seriously why would I want eevee to change into a water type when the only ways it can have a water atk is rain dance/weather ball or copycat or mimic if they give it to Eevee but I don't see them getting rid of copycat although would be cool if it got both moves
I’m just hoping for Greninja to appear in Scarlet and Violet. Gen 6 has been irrelevant for years but since Delphox became a recent playable character in Pokémon Unite. Maybe Greninja and his starter brethren will finally have a chance to appear in a Pokémon mainline game. Plus Kalos and Paldea are literally connected. That is also why Greninja and Kalos should be relevant in a mainline game.
Was there anything about a treasure hunt, at the end it said to look you best for a treasure hunt.
Any one else think the headmaster Clavell guy looks kinda like mustard from the isle of armor?
by the way naranja and uva directly translates to orange and grapes
PLEASE tell me this is hinting a flying type eeveelution
um Clavell Cruella Deville Devil anyone?
To be fair to Clavell: He's your Principal, by nature, he is supposed to come across as antagonistic.
No one seems to mention how the riding legendaries seem to take on a Battle Mode and the protag looks surprised about it
The new battle mechanic looks out of place and kinda ugly to be honest
To Expand on your Deerling/Sawsbuck theory, a map was revealed recently showcasing a snowy area in the north, and what I assume is the autumn themed area shown here in the north-west.
Clavell sound like they pur clever and villain together to make his name
cetitan name is a mix of cetacean the faimly of mammals that include whales and titan
I wouldn’t be surprised if after you beat the game, do the champion assessment as well as completing the other side stories, another mode will be added in later for free or even dlc, where there would be some kind of giant gym like in Pokémon black and white 2 that has previous champs come to challenge the new champ, also maybe we can finally find out where that fack Ryuki came from in Pokémon Sun/Moon, he’s looking pretty sussy right about now.
So noone noticed the old pose eelektross?
I gotta say, this game is shaping up to be really promising! Sure, the in game models look kind of strange when comparing them to their 2d artwork, but that’s just pointless nitpicking. I especially love Cititan, it’s literally an angry Wailmer with limbs, a tails, a cold body, and horns like a Narwhal! As for which version of the game I’m gonna get, I’m actually kind of stumped. Normally I wait until I know what all the version exclusive Pokémon are gonna be, but right now I’m in the middle between the two, because I love Uva Academy and I also just love the color purple, but I also really like Koraidon
the ugly ice dragon whale is based on Cetus...the whale constellation and the mythologic sea monster?
Concept: Koraidon and Miraidon were captured by Sada and Turo, but eventually, even after you free it, it still works with you, and you help it defeat its captors.
I swear to frickin god if we dont get paldean quagsire im gonna physically attack someonen
Ah yes..the true villains…the board of education
I’m so hyped!!!
Okay so now it is actually pokemon botw. Im defo picking this up instead of splatoon 3
And can you actually play with other players ? I’ve been eating that since I played gold and silver my very first time. I was always baffled that Pokémon never implemented that or a game close to that. I always wanted to feel like ash traveling with my buddies and family. Now I’m old and have a daughter and it would be so fun going on an adventure with her.  I think that’s what Pokémon has been missing I think with co op the Pokémon company would be even more big. My daughter loves running around with me in let’s go and eevee but she doesn’t understand why it’s so restricted and I just say “that’s how Pokémon has been” they don’t learn. Crossing my fingers this will be that game. And I kinda don’t like the future legendary. Looks like an ultra beast and they kinda suck. I will be picking up both copies but I’m definitely playing the past one. Love how you have your own dragon to ride. John plays tried to say the the future legendary is cool because it has wheels. (Snore) boooring. Give me my dragon that will run up the mountain and be gone with that rollie polie!
I can already see how this game will play out with the current Pokémon anime. Ash continues his Pokémon Journeys into Paldea and he can't resist the idea of becoming Champion of another region since he's already a Champion in Alola.
Can they just bring back mega evolution im so tired of these mechanics. The rest of the game looks good but the whole diamond thing is to convoluted. And they wonder why kids don’t really play their game anymore. Make it simple. And when I mean simply I mean the mechanics. The rest of it looks great.
When you zoomed up on flying pikachu I noticed the gem on the cloud, and that it has eyes. The same gem is on the rechargeable ball. Terastallizing mythical pokemon behind the phenomenon?
I love the Pandog.
If Fuecoco is Fire/Fighting we riot!
On the eevee topic. It could mean were getting a flying eevee type.
The new Pokémon remind me of Gen 7
Fidough is better than lechonk and could be good type which is cool
The we're looking car is actually a time machine we can probably use it to catch pokémon in the past and future or something like that...
This sounds so much better than sword and shield i cannot wait
I feel like the starters are gonna have the corresponding secondary types, dark, fighting, and psychic
sprigtatto will become a grass-dark
Fidough looks more like a Yokai, not really a pokemon vibe
Not sure how relivant it is but Paldea translates to Paladin in Basque. (Also keep in mind for pokemon and place names its bit just "spanish and portagese names" there is Galtitan Catalan and Basque to name a few. The Iberian penisula is very diverse in launages.
Did I miss the part it's 2022 and the Pokemon still don't have accurate real pokemon voices
They both have "ride on" in their names! /facepalm They are so on-point with these names in this gen.
I'm so hyped! It looks amazing!
I love that eelectross is confirmed!
Clavell is gonna make a hat cell tower to better the school oh no😂😂😂
Nah, I think Clavel is going to be the actual mentor figure, and the professors are going to be the final main antagonists in their respective games. For one thing he is the one with a plant name and the profs descriptions make it sound like they are doing their own thing, they might be researching for their own benefit. Also, why would you need 2 professor characters if they are both researching "lore"? They need objectives that fit their individual theming, which could also fit the theme of the games. Maybe Sada wants to crush the present and bring the past back to life, and Turo wants to speed up progress in an abusive manner.
So will all Pokémon have these crystal looking forms? The type change allows for these types people have wanted to see before such as the flying eevee. Also are you saying that when a Pokémon takes on that form it can have more than one different type change depending on maybe area used?
I didn't find anything to complain about with this trailer either. It all looks amazing, and I like that you can pace yourself on your journey, since I basically never play video games fast. (Case in point, it's 2022 and I still haven't beat SwSh).  Also the Terestal thing explains the jewel seen in the Japanese logos at least.
Wonder if they will introduce region exclusive evolutions, similar to exeggutor but for stuff that doesn’t have an evolution yet or has two and it will only evolve into the third form in that new land
My worry is that the 2 other stories are going to feel more like lengthy side quests than completely new stories.
If sprigatito is a grass dark type. Does that mean fuecoco will be fire fighting
I just noticed that Clavell is sporting 6 Premier ball. probably not important, but still interesting.
Amazing designs on these new pokemon. Even the pikachu clone looks refreshing to me and none of the primary pokemon looks bad.
Pooper whooper
i think this weird car is a new team maybe the names team blaze? because there car is decked with fire but also a party theme. now as for the ledgendarys since they seem to want to help us i think after we get are starts and we head to this school we fall of a cliff and depending on the game will help us or we find them on the beach and help them. they become are ally but we half to keep them secret from the school. i was actually hoping for pokemon pageants to come back or even become part of the game idk if they ever were and one more thing about eevee with it sayin it could have a flying terrestrialize form this could mean new eevee type finally.
Theory time: Clavell is not a villain, but is central to the antagonist's plot in a way that's less than fortunate for him. I'm guessing his name is a reference to Clerval from Frankenstein, given the romantic-inspired feel of the region
I want this region, to add dynamax just like the last region
I mostly just like the graphics, 2 of the starters, one of the legendaries, and SOME the character designs. Just look at The professors, Nemono, and a nameless character with yellow highlights.
so this eevee girl is kinda sus. i really expect a new eeveeloution it would be dope
Hoops, buddy, can you really stop putting the brand new pokemon in the thumbnail on the day they're released? I understand the algorithm or whatever but i wanna see em in the trailer for the first time
If you look at the top right of them map it’s cloudy I think it leads to kalos (France)
What's the point of the wheel on kuraidon?
my guess is that the legends are just gonna be ride mons until near the end of the game then they'll probably be able to transform and be usable in battle
Keep in mind too, even though Sycamore was friendly with Lysandre, he didn't know that he was a bad guy. So Clavell could be evil, and the professors wouldn't know, or vice versa. :3 Or maybe they're all in it together, in an evil spaghet.
I predict Fidough evolves into a Fairy/ Fire type. I hope I’m right.
The legendary/mythic are fucking mortorcycles. We went from the avatars of nature to the creators of the universe. The representation of life and death. Even some region guardian dogs which is.. okay. But. Fucking motorcycles. Not only is it canon that this legendary creature is being rode by some kid (which is usually fair to assume is powerful) and people are like "cool beans bro" Its probably just because im getting older but im getting really tired of them changing everything that doesnt need to be change but keep leaving the things that should be worked on...
I hate the way Koridon’s “wheels” hang there uselessly when he’s in the Sprinting Build.
Why are the graphics and rendering still so bad in pokemon games the characters faces look dead!
I am getting really excited for these games!! So far this has been the most interested I've been in a new Pokémon game in a long, long time... it has  a fresh, new feeling about it but still keeping some of the traditional gameplay. Loving everything so far... now let's see those final starter evolutions!! 😅
Is it just me or does that Aven(?) guy look a bit like professor Turo?
Super stoked I woke up to the trailer this morning. However one HUGE annoyance I have is koraidon's movement in vehicle mode. Why the heck does it run on all fours when it has wheels?????? I understand its the primitive version so they aren't true wheels I guess but if that's the case the design should have been majorly downplayed to imply wheels, not look exactly like motorcycle tires only for it to run on all fours. Just looked really silly.
It seems that Pokémon can have any type as their Tera type and you can detect the type by the attachment which grows on their head, e. g. balloons for Flying or a chandelier for Fire.
I think the principal is a red herring and turns against the actually evil professor to help save the MC
*HYPE*
Flying Type Eevee confirmed???? I'm so excited to see Deerling and Sawsbuck are back. I love them so much 😭
The only thing faster than gaming YouTubers making some form of reaction video (I count this as such) is NSFW artists
Something you missed: Wooper (Paldean) has no gender difference,
maybe in the Assessment you fight the E4 or just 4 strong trainers
To me, the principle does not have antagonistic vibes, he gives off a principle vibe.  As they tend to have that type of look and strict behavior in games/anime/manga/media.
I'm so happy that all the new pokemon so far, even cetitan, are all just a bunch of scrunklies. I'm all for scrunkly pokemon
Crystal forms seem like they'll work like Hidden Power did before SWSH. I wish you could turn off the hats.
I want to say, i dont like the open world idea. It just kills the vibe for me.. As insane as it sounds. Other than that, i love it!
I don’t know what it is about this. It just doesn’t feel like a proper Pokémon game. It looks like an epic game, just doesn’t feel like a Pokémon game.
Also, from my understanding about the new mechanic (which is cool looking) is that STAB bonus for attacks of the tera type and original types is higher naturally (not sure how much higher, seen no concrete number on this).  Overall to me, the new mechanic is not as impactful as mega-evolution, Z-Moves, or Dynamaxing, as those three brought some serious power that could easily turn the tide of battle.  Adding a type to your Pokemon and increasing their STAB damage, will not be as impactful as some might thing it would be.
Wouldn't be surprised if the weird flowers are how you unlock the crystal forms.
I thought the backpack on the little girl (Penny?) looked strange. Like, it looks like an Eevee, but it doesn't look quite right. I thought that the fluff used as straps looked similar to Swablu and Altaria's wings. If Eevee has Tera types that match it's evolutions (Grass and Water fit), this could be a hint at a new eeveelution. Let the irresponsible speculation begin!
I thought we all knew Sprigattito was going to be a dark type Pokémon at final evolution stage?
For the champion rank. I hope they’re going to have DLC to have a championship tourney with past champions to see if you can become champion of all champions. Or something along those lines.
I hope the gen 10 game has an older character. So we can customize the look more. Only so much a 10-12 year old can get away with wearing. That say. A 15-16 year old could.
Rotom phone
Hey, the Map has been revealed, and it's actually not just Spain. It's inspired in the entire Iberian Peninsula, which is both Spain and Portugal!
I think Penny will have to do something with the bad guys. I wouldn't be suprised if she turns evil, or work for the evil team, but later joins you.
ah yes. This means Scorbunny is a Fire/Fighting type
Only a villain would only use premier balls to catch pokemon. I’m watching you Clavell.
I hope they have an elite four
I am assuming the legendary‘s are given to us in such an early stage of the game is because they are probably extremely weak at the beginning.
Most of this everyone knows
Please let me be able to drift, I want to blitz through the land and drift into battles
i loved the games so much i pre ordered it on july 9th
I think that the other 2 quests are going to the future and the past the flower could be the from the past and that the other quest would be the future and the car could be from the future
Fidough is perfectly
Fidough my beloved
the whole school setting is so lame imo. i went to catholic school growing up, i've had more than my fill of uniforms and exams!  Cetitan's very cool, though. and a lot of the returning faces made me happy, especially Sawsbuck~
At 6:50 - 6:56, is that JoJo? Are we going to have to battle DIO? ZA WARUDA!
This was a great video
the champions assessment is the elite four.. it goes 8 gyms, victory Road, elite four then you become a champion. (you can defend your champion status against other trainers)
I will keep saying this but I'm very happy that they are not showing a lot of the game because then you can actually have something new to be excited about at release
When they showed terastral Pikachu, they used his original cry instead of the updated "pika pika" they upgraded to in gen 6 or 7. Not sure if it was an oversight, or something to do with the form
Yes the leakers on twitter and stuff like that already confirmed that sprigatito is evolving into an grass/dark type(it´s bipedal and based on a thief). It is also confirmed that fuecoco is turnig into an part ghost part fire type(it is on all 4 legs and has some Fire Bird elements on it)
Don't talk about mighy bad guys cause we're gonna end up with bad guy being chairman secret cousin
Hear me out. Flying eeveelution. We have an npc that specifically mentions being Interested in eevee. Eevee can have a Tera type of flying? Eevee is being emphasised in the anime recently? Seems like a new eevee this Gen
So in a nutshell, the gimmick is shiny hats
Honestly I hope that Nintendo or game freak depending on who makes the pokemon games goes back to random encounters or at least as random encounters the games ever had
Mentally, I’m prepared.  Financially, not yet.
I want my musketeer Sprigatito final stage
6:35 The Pokedex Also Confirms that your rival will choose the Starter which is weak against yours.
What if nemoana is the champion and is mentoring you and at the end she reveals she’s the champion and will battle you for the assessment that would explain why she seems more experienced than you and looks older than you
Sprigatito learning Bite means absolutely nothing, there are tons of Non-Dark-Types that can learn Bite even some Starters can do so without evolving into a Dark-Type.
Hoops just wanted to point out I think game freak watch your videos because one of the new mons looks like an evolution of one of the Fakemons you commissioned.
What’s up with the SunFlora
Riddler Khu never lies
bro, there is an elite 4, is confirmed form the leaks, and you dont even need leaks to put together that a champion will be in the game
yeah i am done with pokémon. these designs are… nope. i‘m out.
I don't think Clavell will be the antagonist at all because of how they describe his personality: stern yet kind. It is similar to how Cyllene was described when she was revealed for Legends: Arceus, and she turned out to be your greatest ally.
I'm looking forward to Paldean Wooper. I don't know whether I'll actually use one, but it being the first ground/poison type since Nidoking and Nidoqueen does get me interested in it.
my toughts....?  miraidon in mario kart,  fidough  on instagram as a real pastry and new oppertunities for toys (cant wait to collect the swarofski pokemon)
I love how spanish means a lot as a language for scarlet and violet. Sada and Turo comes from Pasada (past) and Futuro (future), as the Clavell comes from the Clavel flower. Also, as you said, Uva means grape and Naranja means orange. I think even the towns will have spanish names, as Glaseado (read the ea as in Paldea) means Frosting (as the frosting from a cake) in spanish
I think it´s hinted on in the trailer that even so you can use Koraidon and Miraidon from the starts as a form of transportation that their real potential and use in battle will be unlocked later in the game.
i wonder if you're locked into the school's uniform during the main story(almost like an extended version of being locked into the amateur gym clothes for the stadium battles in swsh), and then once you do get champion rank or finish the story you "graduate", and get more options for clothes. it'd be interesting customization progression.
You know what other starter cat Pokémon has its secondary type as dark? Incineroar.
I wish it gave a version exclusive pokemon or something I still don't know which i want T-T
hoops: sprigatito might become a grass dark type me: sir, i think we've known this since riddler khu said it its not like were blind
It's been forever, but finally, Pokemon Naranja is canon
Grusha is pear in Russian
I am so thrilled at the 3 storyline possibilities! I hope they are all as cool as the gym challenge!
Are all pokemon going to be in it or are they locking a bunch out yet again?
Couldn't the champion assessment just be battle the elite 4 and champion? And that's the assessment 🤷‍♂️
I hope cetitan evolves! Its my favorite!
The champion assessment is probably gonna be similar to the sword and shield tournament, where you fight a bunch of trainers/gym leaders and winner gets the champion rank
I don't like the new gimmick I'm sorry maybe I'm biased to mega evolutions I think they should just add new Pokèmon and new mega evolutions every new generation
Pikachu has the OG cry, so Eevee probably does as well.
So hyped
Fidough is Yamper's cousin. 🐶⚡
Since it mentioned specifically a Flying-Type Eevee Terastallization, I wonder if that would be a hint to an actual Flying-Type Eeveelution?  I certainly hope it wouldn't just be a plane Terastallization rather than anything more.
Hearing you pronounce Naranja and Uva was hilarious as a Spanish speaker lol, great video man 👍 :)
Penny is sus
you sound like SaltyDk
Something funny in the trailer, one of the character is named Jacq instead of Jacques (french equivalent of Jake).
Low key hate how Koraidon (I think? The red one) runs with the puffed out wheel parts, rather than having those parts act as wheels
the fact that we didnt see a paldean wooper may mean we are getting a new wooper evolution also the fact that the schools are literally called orange and grape is funny to me
So the crystal Onix of the Orange Islands in the anime must be a terastallized steel type one.
Something else I noticed while rewatching the trailer was that there is NO evolution screen, they just evolve instantly once they ready.
heres how they make the new mechanics: "hey give me some random letters" "uhm" "do it" "treastlizle" "Terastallize it is" "how and why did you do that" "oh and put phenomenon on the end" "genius idea"
I am getting really excited for the new games
12:08 the website specifically says (in the line below), that all pokemon would be able to turn into any type using the cristalize forms stuff, not that theyll have just certain few type changes
Not mentioned here is that Skiddo is in the presentation, ending a soon-to-be nine year streak of a Pokemon being unavailable in a main series game since its debut.  Adding to the first point, Deerling and Sawsbuck's non-Spring forms are unavailable outside of Unova, so this will be the first time since Gen 5 to obtain these forms.  7:04 It seems like SV will use BDSP's type icons. Also, Sprigatito learning Bite will likely not mean anything since Squirtle, Totodile, Turtwig, and Chespin learn Bite without later becoming Dark-type. Chespin learns it the earliest of these four, at Lv 11. it's not as early as this build of Sprigatito, but just having it doesn't necessarily mean it'll be that type. Heck, I could easily imagine Fuecoco learning Bite as well given that massive mouth it has.
I would guess The champion assessment is going to be a gauntlet of teachers (elite four) followed by Clavell (champion)
Clavell has six Premier Balls, which implies all his Pokémon are kept in said Premier Balls... very intriguing
im so happy sawsbuck and deerling returned cause they are some of my fav pokemons!
Flying type Eeveelution??!!
I'm actually disappointed with this trailer. The textures look awful, every pokemon is so shiny they all look made of plastic. Also the new gimmick is just dynamax with a slight variation (type swaps. Wow, gamechanging)
Am I the only one that thought the stories would be Gyms, Leagues and The Hunt?
it would make a lot of sense for sprigatito to evolve into a dark type since another leak stated that fuecoco would evolve into a fairy type so yeah i think its safe to say that sprigatito will be a grass dark type
Alsoooooo... Skidoo and Gogoat are being featured for the first time in forever!!! 🥰🥰🥰
Gonna be real the sprigatito becoming dark type because it learns bite is just a take i dissagree with considering most pokemon learn bite
The Principal of that School uses Premier ball...
The plant in the picture for the 3rd main quest is related to the Terastal phenomenon and can be used alongside the Pokemon Center to recharge the device used to activate the power. But where does this power originate? I believe that question drives the plot of the 3rd main quest.
Gen 9 hype
Cetitan is 3 feet taller than groudon
I think there will be special tera forms for certain pokemon just like with the gigantamaxing
That Means there are going to be Seasons in the seasons??!! That would be good...
WE STAN PENNY!
Maybe the vehicle gimmick is a reward for post game
I wonder if we’ll be able to do all 3 paths? Maybe 1 in the main story and the other 2 in the postgame?
Totodile had Bite since gen 2
The flaming car with the speakers on the side will definitely revolve around the guy we saw in Alola who was a rockstar with spiky red hair, but had no other backstory other than that.
Does anyone else think that Fidough seems to be a Paldea variant of Alcremie?
So the Legends are Motorcycles lmaooo
Bagel Beagle pokemon for Fidough's evo anyone?
Clavel's name, unlike Sada and Turo (Pasada and Futuro) fits the professor/tree theory as it references the Claveles Flores which is spanish for Carnations. Also could be a reference to the sea squirt/sea sponge genus of Clavelina.
Champion Assessment might be the equivalent to the Elite 4 in this game.  You're likely to go against the top 4 trainers before facing a teacher/head master.
Character designs hitting extra hard, especially compared to the trainers.
ooooh cmmon hoops almost all starters learn bite! i know the evo has been leaked but i dont think bite is a hint xd love your videos
Terrastiali- skip! I häte these gimmicks, I was so hoping they would only do future/ancient-forms and let it be done. whhhyyy?
Honestly am so happy with everything we got. I really think Scarlet and Violet could be the best in the series and Pokemon really hit it out of the ballpark with this Presents.
Oh wow
Will there champion rank ilke gen 8 except for the champion.
When I watched the trailer I thought Celtitan was the new Puesdo Legendary
I tink Sawsbuk will just change during the seasons in real live
They did mention a treasure hunt, so maybe we'll have Spanish pirates as an evil team... Maybe not. The Teratype mechanic seems to work similar to Hidden Power. Also, gaining the legendary Pokemon that early in the game has me a bit worried about the balancing of the game.
Maybe this region is in the process of establishing their wow Pokémon League like Alolah was, only they already have their gyms set up, and the Champion Assessment is gonna be something like a tournament that determine the rankings of their own Elite Four, with the tournament winner becoming the Champion at the head of the new Elite Four.
6:59 I can't wait for this guy to claim that he predicted that Sprigatito will be Grass/Dark when the leaks have already told us about the types of the Fully-evolved starters.
fidough is my new child
Cloud in the top left of the map seems to conveniently block off right around where kalos would begin
I suspect the terrastlize mechanic is new style of hidden power for example a brave even might become normal fire or something likentjat
Ok then
UVA means grape and naranja means orange.
The gimmick is 🫤
So ya
The plant actually involves story about crystal pokemon but ok.
I hate the new gimmick terastalize Pokémon considering people liked the neo and proto Pokémon idea
Did anyone else see a Hoppip that wasn't a normal or shiny in the trailer?
Oh wow though
I think grapes might be from rome and known as that .
See, I lean towards the home room teacher being a more likely candidate for a secret antagonist. But I also can see that, with three storylines, how none of these might be a true antagonist. More likely we will find a group that is bothersome like team skull and team yell. That’s just my suspicion though.
The plant storyline is about cooking with your upperclassman friend.
Since the routes isn’t linear or stuck on one path, I wonder if this means we can catch ANY Pokémon. Since the Legendaries can run, fly, climb and even swim, there’s isn’t anything that should lock you out of a certain area. Like imagine after obtaining your starter, you can travel and look for strong Pokémon like Gible, Riolu, or even the region’s Pseudo legendary before the first gym.
Miraidon>>>
I missed Paldean Wooper when I watched the Trailer and didn't see it until they started going over it in detail.
All hail our Lord and savior Lechonk
The « car » definitely gives le time travel vibes
Plot Prediction: Gyms- Exactly what you’d expect, the classic challenge from gens 1-6 Car- A Gen-5 style story around the game’s evil team, with a focus on it like the focus BW put on N and his story Mushroom- A Crown Tundra type exploration of a region, with the ability to discover lost history and powerful Pokémon
I haven’t played any of the new games recently, so when these two come out I’m definitely getting them…then the choice is which version?
I was waiting for this!!!!!
I wish Gamefreak would stop turning food into Fairy type Pokémon, that’s just boring
Sorry I did my research I ain't miss nothing @ all
If you see this early comment hi ❤️
Sawsbuck confirms gen 5 remakes coming soon! Hope they don't mess it up like gen 4.
I’m most excited for the interesting takes on powerful Pokémon designs like we see in the ice type titan, ceititan.
Fidough is love, Fidough is life.
The map alone in Paldea is huge! Riding on Koraidon is gonna be fun traversal. Especially the 3 Different Main Quests we can do in Pokemon SV and Fingers crossed for sidequests like in PLA.
Hi
I'm so excited for the new games!!
When someone said that Fidough is literally just a purebread I lost my mind!
I hope we get crystal onix from Sunburst island orange islands
