0:37 , that's a 5 star tackle .
That game was better than any game from the 2023 world cup 88 mimutes
worst editing if highlights i have ever seen😮
fantastic match!  O.M.G. Aussie backs are looking great here!
Wait it wasn’t a try @6mins?
The ending tho was so cool, how Australia missed, then NZ got a second life-line. Then what made it funny was how they kept turning over to Aus, to NZ to Aus to NZ to Aus to NZ
Rubbish editing
ALL BLACKS
Sorry I don't know the names well, I'm Italian and .... understand me 😂😂 but looking at the video the meta in Italian; the point of number 13, at 6:10 has not been marked on the scoreboard, have I forgotten it?
bring isreal falou back
That was a thing!
Terrible highlights. So disjointed. You should make them clips of longer plays so you can get a feel for the game.
What sport is this?
12:20 That is insane
Now we can you see why they dont want a Pacific Team in the Super Rugby Comp...Talking about who will get SMASHED by them in the 2nd year...hahaha...throw those W****C***ts out of NZRU...we saw what Tonga did to League...all the clever players will move to a Pacific Team...hahaha
The Australians should have kicked out at 83 minutes and as usual,  the ref plays 16th man for the All Blacks. Other than the 2 negative comments, it was a brilliant game.
Que animales.
even if you didn't watch it watch the highlights of the all blacks and aussies playing in eden park today
Who on Earth edited these highlights? I have no idea what happened in  this game apart from the final result, so many random phases of play and possession, without showing how’s tires progressed. At least show the important phases of a try and confirm if the conversion was successful or not! Check @BTSport for how to make a good highlight bundle!
Whoever put together these highlights should be fired.
Outstanding test match! 👍🏻
why did the try the all blacks did at the end of the first half wasn't counted?
That's the last time I come to all blacks channel for highlights. This is a justa  chop suey of flashes of play. No context, passage of play.
Great game and great comeback to form from Australia with good, positive attacking play. ABs look to have taken a leaf from the Boks turn-defence-into- attack tactics. At times Australia were playing more like what ppl would expect to be seeing from the ABs lol.
Loane bruh 🙄🙄...simple dive would have been appreciated
Whoever edited those highlights must have been on something. Action was all over the place.
Hooper is the best 7 in the world - talk about hunger. saffa talking. Wallaby's deserve the win.
Trying to get white boys back on the wing ?
Ioane steps out of bounds in the build up to the first try... so I guess him dropping the ball over the line is a leveller for the ridiculous miss from the touch judge and the TMO.
They show the Ioane try but not the reversal of the decision, so I was curious, and had to look it up on another highlights channel. I wonder why the All Blacks channel would omit such an important turn of events in the game?
Quick question, why was that one try not awarded of the All Blacks, was it a forward pass?
This is the kind of game you want to watch. tbh australia deserved to win, even tho I support AB.
Looked fast pace and great lines but both teams were terrible around the fringes ,,,,both teams would of come undone if they were playing SA or Eng
That was the best 16 nz has put on the paddock for a long time
Hell of a game
Both teams are full of islanders
W O W .. awesome game
Now, Jordie Barrett for the corner...👍👍👍 Now, Jordie Barrett for the drop goal...👎👎👎
Wow..both teams played very well..thank you for an entertaining game
wow what a game !!
Terrible highlights package. Cuts mid phase smh
haha they cannot replay  the no try of rieko iowane 😂😂😂
Vina'a! Daugunu
So NZ scored at the end of the first half but didn't get any points? Was it disallowed? What happened?
Watching this make me happy about sports and love to see ppl gather and cheer, and what a game they showed. Love from sri lanka
It will be very hard for the Pumas to keep the pace and be competitive with all the other teams in this year’s Rugby Championship...
I cannot believe neither the AB nor the Wallabies tried with a drop goal to win the match when they had a real chance for it!
Allblacks missing a #15 and a #13 with a real rugby brain. Good fight from Caleb Clarke on debut... Great game from Wallabies away from home. Consistency will tell if they are back
All Blacks...... simply the value for money team.  Could settle for the draw and retain the Bledisloe cup. Yet they don’t and push for the win. AWESOME!😮
ABS missing a lot BB, or someone that understands this game
any reason you didn't show a replay of the ball being dropped over the line when the ABs scored right on half time ?
Can't watch this, there's too many mid-play cuts and it leaves the whole thing feeling disjointed.
Boy if these two countries could find a kicker they could really do something...
Wow. Welcome back Australia!
82.27min....."They were nearly offside there".....oh yeah!
Where's Laumape!!! I'd rather see him replace Rieko at center
Did Reiko score that or not? seems not but the disallow wasn't shown. Terrible cut of highlights
That looked brilliant! Need to get hold of the full test from somewhere!
6:08 was a knock on
Who put these highlights together? Awful editing
Come on @All Blacks I'm a kiwi and love our team but why not show the relevant replays of the most important moment of the game? Sh*t happens, its part of the game...
What a joke that game it was by NZ.  You wont win this season with that whimp at the helm
i watched the game rekio did not score he lost  to hand s next time rekio
They finally go McKenzie
IT WAS DAMIEN MCKENZIE!! LOOOOOL!! TALK ABOUT BEING CALLED OUT!!
How the AB forwards pack go...
Impressed with Aussies to have competed this well. Go ABs!!!
I had to do a double take!! Crowds!! Oct 2020!! I thought it was going to be empty!! Covid busted down under!!:)) Ian Foster...and Reiko...eyes are on you! Poor decision to use one handed doting down in the rain. Lesson was talked of before..so lesson learned.
So dumb, should've take take the drop kick. Miss or get it,  should at least try.
Seriously there the old Referee Needs to be looked at.At actually doing his job  there Properly there or else let someone else Referee the game that does ok
Daugunu was superb
Fucking a draw
Thank you for the extended highlights. Could you please edit them to show more of what is happening. The current editing cuts too often and too sharply. Thanks
If both teams kickers were good the points would have been Aust 26/ Nz 19.bt hats out to both teams for playing their guts out.wish them both teams best of luck in their preparation for the upcoming 2nd test.
I'm  more mad by the unprofessionalism Rieko Ioane has. That ball placing was so unnecessary. If you check the North vs South game he did again; that's how he places the ball, and is so unnecessary. No fancy stuff is needed.
Which is more popular in Newzeland. Cricket or Rugby? Just wanted to know
"Blimey we could be here all night!" LOL
Weak ABs forward pack, apart from cane, none of those boys are aggressive, where are the jerry collins, brad thorn and jerome kaino's of the squad???? weak at the break down, defense and scrums smh
Rieko needs to watch tape on conrad and ma'a on how to read defenses and when to commit smh, his IQ is terrible
Why the fuck did Australia not just drop goal
13.19 in from the side playing the ball and then Hooper standing offside in front of the last foot picking the ball up. 2 penalty offences directly in front of the posts.
stop blaming the ref. Both teams had their chances to win the game and both failed
Great to see packed out stadiums again and fans getting to enjoy themselves. Watching from Ireland 🇮🇪
Rieko pretentious clown
good to see the wallabies competing against the all blacks
ALB should slot in at 13..Mr Reliable
i recall Richie McCaw saying they never prepared for a last minute drop goal in the 2015RWC - seems the ABs could've quite easily got the position at the end of this match too and slotted it
ANOTHER Kiwi ref for the next Test? 7:02 forward pass.  12:25 clear knock on. Etc etc.
Good to see the Aussies back. What a great game. From a ABs fan! Just what they need- strong opponents.
0:29 tupou just evolved into a  flyhalf😂
All Blacks played like a Tier 2 team..wallabies front 3 making tons of mistakes
the booz at the end. lol aus.
That AB foward pack is weak as piss apart from kane.Reminders me of their world cup foward pack ,no dog in it
VERY BAD REF BOOOOOOO REF
Everyone should buy these silicacovers.com
I seen more than just Ardie Savea. live for the whole game. Thanks replay.
10:47 Still trying to figure out who wasn't rolling away, Karl was on the ball. Refs this game missed a lot around the breakdown both ways. Hope they figure out their stuff before the next game.
Hope the Wallabies can go all the way...
filipo daungunu is monster
Thou hast excluded the build up to the first line conquest of the first try.
Ian Foster has destroyed the aura of the All Blacks. Get rid of him immediately.
Far cry from the All Blacks of yesteryear. They look a bit directionless.
Unbelievable to see packed out crowds in late 2020 only place in the world it could happen fair play NZ from Ireland
I see the All Blacks are continuing the ball handling we saw in the World Cup.  Maybe time to get back to basics?
Good to see Fiji Samoa and Tonga helping both teams
Still better than cricket
Sheesh the ref really trying his best to give the AB's the victory after min 78! The amount of turnovers the Aussies lost just shows how well the Kiwis ground game is. AB lucky with a draw but as always with them, you can never stop playing until the final whistle blows. Great game
Pleasing to see the AB 12 simply get up and play on after he hit the ground head first. If it was a Welshman he would have done 3 summersaults before writhing about in agony, while WynJones and Biggar bit the ear off the referee looking for a sending off. PS you could just as easily swap out WynJones and Biggar with O'Mahony and Sexton. Nice to see players getting on with the game
Anyone know where I can watch the games? From California
The refs missed so much, no wonder we get 1 ref at the world cup, Nigel Owen's will be furious at these guys........
the south is still the best    fan from France
That's how you ref a scrum balls available play it stop all these penalties
I don't think Fozzie will make it to the next RWC.  Dave Rennie is already showing him up. Not yet time to panic, but that day is not too far off..
These are the games that remind me why I love rugby
nicee test match
Playing the AB's in NZ with a NZ referee - a draw was the best result Australia were ever going to get.
SMITH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Tupou is a gun , that cut ball at 0:30 sec , not many props have that vision.
I sometimes wonder if Reiko Ioani  just isn't that bright, a physical wonder but mentally maybe not quite the full quid - you'd never know it from this highlights package though
How can you start an All Blacks video with no Haka?   Apart from that great match
Look at all those empty seats though -- when are the Kiwis actually going to support rugby by buying tickets to a match?  SR died because the cheap cunts won't pay money to support their teams....
Super Rugby may be better game to watch
Bring in seevu n will...dmac n ioane bench
Unsurprisingly neither Ioane's foot in touch before the first try, nor the blatant hands in the ruck after the ball came off the post made the 14 minute highlight reel. You can still hear Justin Marshall saying "that's a penalty" at 12:32, however you don't see Tupou Vaa'i getting caught with his hands in the cookie jar just before. ABs lucky to get away with the draw and that's from a neutral who supports neither of the teams.
Watching from Cornwall in the U.K., wow what a test match
Scotland fan here, fantastic game to watch however some people saying "best game ever" is a bit much. Great to finally see Australia finally taking it to the AB's but if that ball was grounded before halftime then for me the game was over.  Great game though.
What a finish !! And what a way to invite back international rugby. Can't wait for test #2 at eden park.
Give Ioane a break, SBW, B Barrett, Scott Barrett have done the same thing before, they’re still good players. Makes up for the other try where his foot was on the line anyway.
Dave Rennie will rob you of the Bledisloe :)
Pathetic booing
Unbelievable. Amazing game, just them pick me up this year needed.  Lol at the fans booing at the end. Some people just didn't wanna go home 😆😁
Loving it from Fiji👍
Was hoping Ofas hit on Tupou was here but noo 🙁
Reiki with the try
Reece Hodge kicked the shit out of that ball. Bad luck though
1. Moody 2. Taylor 3. Ofa 4. S. Barrett 5. Whitelock 6. Savea 7. Cane 8. Sotutu 9. Smith 10. B. Barrett 11. Clarke 12. Laumape 13. ALB 14. Bridge 15. J. Barrett  16. Coles 17. Tu'inukuafe 18. Laulala 19. Tuipulotu 20. Frizell 21. Perenara 22. Mo'unga 23. Goodhue
no 'reply' on the dropped ball "try" just before 1/2 time ... I guess the AB's don't want to see any mistakes ...
Reiko when you gonna grow outa that crap
9:22 - Dmac didn't even touch the ball in the ruck. It's a knock on by Aus.
Even if its just highlights, please show the whole phase of play, not just the fragment that includes the initial break, or whatever. Its incredibly irritating to repeatedly cut away half way through a phase.
6:07 Ioane what you do?
Australia robbed!
No drop goal attempts?
13:30 How is this advantage over? Ref desperate to give NZ a win running the clock through 85 easily
Useless
Caleb did awesome in his debut new starter All black in 11
Who's going to watch at eden
Loveeeeee  Ardi
