Would you mind doing a review on her espresso machine? I just bought one and have been watching your videos to learn how to brew espresso and steam mild. I’m grateful to have discovered your channel for the learning experience.
Got this machine on Sale 50$ and it is better than keurig. My keurig gives clear water 💧 for the first few seconds of every cup, worth 50$ definitely.  I used dark beans 🫘
Is the worst thing you could ever imagine
I wish I would have watched your review before I bought this coffee maker! Its horrible and a waste of money
The idea of a machine making coffee at a specific time sounds not very useful to me - I am not always down in the kitchen at the exact minute and this idea could risk the coffee being cold by the time I got there, I just see it as unnecessary.
I hate this thing. It's not clear with instructions and the 'buttons' are confusing. I cannot get it to make coffee with beans! :(
The mess of having to clean it to have an authentic experience seems to detract from the "all in one" nature of it.  I mean, if it's meant to be convenient by including everything in one device, why then make it so much more of a headache to clean than traditional components, only to produce inferior coffee than said components.    Perhaps that's the real reason it's $99.  Well, that and the burr.
thats phisics, they decided to block off half of the bottom to get higher pressure
Every Karen who buys it will tell you it's the best thing ever.
The grinder on mine broke in 6 months of daily use. Its basically a pile of junk.
That's SO AMERICAN... mixing metric/imperial...  we use metric for liquids (often), medicine (always), food labels (always/often both) etc...  We mostly use imperial for distances (miles, feet, inches) and liquids at times (Gallon, Ounce) but near everything else is in metric (mostly). In everyday use many will float between them... e.g. I wants to weight m food... often I'll do it in grams for precision but things like meat (chicken, beef) we'll often use ounces. It just depends, but I think you'd be surpised how much we use metric.
it looks like tea🤔
Looks awful
a little late to this, but the ounces referred to by the machine are fluid ounces, which are different from weight or mass ounces, which are the smallest normal imperial mass unit. Anything with a mass typically lower or around an ounce is almost always measured in grams (like American which funny enough often put servings in oz and ml but, always use grams/mg for nutrition). Something like coffee would be painful in ounces because most measurements be a fraction of an oz (1 oz ~ 28g), and metric can go down to mg, much more useful in small measurements (plus the fact imperial has to different kinds of ounces that don't correlate and cant measure the same thing is stupid and confusing, we only really use mass ounces for meat and large stuff cause big American hands).
I suppose it's more trustworthy with water than a Michael Barrymore coffee machine :P
Aggressively rubbing the coffee with your hands LMAOOOO
It has the same beep as a copy machine
Street cred, bragging rights Muppetry😂 wtf next a Rambo nut crusher.
Brew I-dare-you-more
The screen is barely visible to me.
Just skip the bloody vid
2:17 What war? There are those who use the metric system and then there are those who’ve been to the moon.
TLDR; It's no good, spend your money elsewhere! 15'ish minute video could have been 5. ;)
verry thorough, thank you
From E-Tea to E-Coffee
Nothing beats a percolator in speed and taste.
corporate branded junk- $20 of the cost is probably paying Drew Barrymore to use her name.
we have a word for weak coffe, we call it housewife coffee
have you heard about torrefacto coffee beans? :) it would be nice to feature on how to brew it and also a video about different kinds of coffee beans and how to use them much like what you said about perculation and the other thing video which you posted that is generally a good idea when you happen to have certain coffee grounds/beans and what to do with them...
Love the painting
Thank you for reviewing this coffee maker. I am tired of my Kcups coffee maker. The feeling I get from this video is that the coffee grinder should be separate from the grinder for a quality grind/brew. What coffee maker (no grinder attached) is around 99 dollars and brews a decent cup of coffee? Is this an unrealistic expectation?
Brew Darrymore😁
Coming from the company that brought you the exploding slow cooker
I like the way you give your opinion on a lot of product's. I worked in a retail store in Portugal and the company has been selling a exclusive machine for many years that i think has been a success. i own one myself and like coffee a lot. Would love to see your opinion on it. The name of it is DIMOBILLI D7.
In USA we use both metric and imperial lol
Goodness, whilst I grind my own coffee, I just use a herb grinder. It felt so personal when he said, 'That's not ground coffee, that's just a piece of bean". Have I been doing it wrong all along so!  hehehe for giggles I may buy a new grinder. Its about 10 years old LOLS
Why do they call the machines stuff like "Beautiful by Drew" when Brew Barrymore was *RIGHT THERE*?!?
Brew should Darrymore
I have one, it's junk. The grinder quit working after a month.
$30 at most.
I think mine is accidentally set to grind at a later time bc it won’t do anything and I’ve read and followed the instructions . HELPPPP
I got one from clearance and have only been using it for preground coffee, would using a paper filter work and make it better? because I don't need the little door?
Walmart put them on clearance for $40
What about the review if you bought already coffee grounds and put in the coffee pot not coffee beans
if its made in china, even for 1 dollar. dont need it.
5 minutes in and I'm ready for a solar flare to take us all out. JFC! Why did I do this to myself?!?
Brew barrymores personality it course enough to grind the toughest of beans without putting her name to a machine 😂
8:58 😂 🤣
Brew Barrymore
Love the review. Content!!!
You😢know this shit isn't sitting on her counter.
Loves James's review of anything. (from Texas)
That is simply the worst ground finished product I've ever seen. How is water supposed to go through that effectively. Damn, thats stupid. And in the end you got a bunch of dirty sink water, instead of coffee
just saw these at Walmart on clearance for $39.99
Had that and thought was doing good job but grinder cleaning is a bitch and taste got worse, less than 3 months got rid off it.
maybe litigate for false claims.  add me to the lawsuit.  people have won for less than this falsehood. thanks
Ah, mixing metric and imperial. Is about as American as can be. Soda, water, wine and coffee is in metric; milk , orange juice and water is in imperial.
Holds 180 grams of beans but you will only get 3 cups of coffee if it’s 12 ounces or less.  This is why I returned mine and got my money back.
I have this machine and I agree with everything in this review except for one - I don’t feel like the coffee is weak, I feel like it’s too strong but that it’s a byproduct of it grinding too much of the beans. I enjoy a light roast and no matter what I did with the settings or what kind of beans I put in there, I could never get a good cup of coffee out of it. I was going to try and sell it on FB Marketplace but after seeing this review and learning it’s not me, it’s the machine, I’m not sure I can sell it in good conscience! I’ve already put it away and have been using my old Keurig until I can find something else.
First time I watched one of JH's videos I thought he seemed over nerdy, boring and snobby... I was wrong, a little nerdy perhaps but not really anything wrong with that it comes with territory, but borong and snobby, no way,.   Thanks James for entertaining, funny down-to-earth and highly informative coffee content... great stuff
So what should I buy instead?
Nothing that have a face of a celebrity is ever good, for one simple reason - half of this things budget is spend to pay for a name, not for actual quality. Unless ofc its overpriced, a lot, and even this wont guarantee anything. Buying celeb branded items is as dumb as buying cheapest stuff that is made in some basement.
I would like to find a James Hoffman approved bean to cup coffee machine
In today's world, with what we know about plastic and heat, it makes no sense to buy something that runs hot water through plastic.
This makes me curious if there's a higher-priced, better quality version of this on the market. It seems like a very nice use-case for someone who wants good coffee in a very convenient and small package. It just needs a real burr grinder, a way to adjust grind size, and an effective delivery system into a basket with a paper filter.
For $99 it should at least be called a Brewymore
I got one for a gift on my birthday. It has no instuctions and it does not seem to work. The display lights up but not as much options that i see on youtube videos. Anyway it only will beep but nothing else. Im glad i did not pay for it, but i am n ot sure what to tellmy mom who gave it to me
I put up with it for almost a year. It used too much coffee every cup. Like twice as much. I wanted so bad to love it.
That looks like perfectly fine american coffee.
Erm... whoever thought white display on white plastic was a good design choice wants their head tested! "Mostly invisible" is not the flex they thought it was.
the water in ounces is because our mugs are ~12 fl oz.
the top turns 360 degrees. and thick green coffee shoots out   [ 1973 version of the Exorcist reference ]
Had one and went out in 2 weeks. Grinder stoped working and water heater went up in flames.  Had to use fire extinguisher to keep kitchen burning up.  Filed complaint and money refunded
I paid $69 for mine at Walmart because it was on sale, I'm guessing because it was the Jade color. The white ones were still on the main shelf. I like it very much. It grinds just fine daily. The only issue I have with it is when you brew preground coffee the traditional way it drips for a long time before it's completely done. It's techniqually done brewing before this but it drips for a little while longer past the finished brewing beep signal. When grinding it does a fine job, I've had no issues with it. If you select something incorrectly you just hold the brew button and it resets.
1:09 I’m gonna stop you here.  If I were starving, and the only place to buy food, was Walmart, I might go in. I have a kettle, I have a grinder, I have a drip cup.
Drew Barrymore's Coffee Machine - Is it Good?  Who cares if it is good if you can't get good coffee without the CAFFEINE chemically removed from it to brew in it.
I love Drew Barrymore! I wanted tove this machine  But, it's meet, you have to clean constantly even expensive coffee beans taste bad with this machine. Drew I love you dearly but this is not good!
Grinding coffee into smaller particles does not make it more bitter. It's simply allows the water to drain more coffee through it. So with the finer you need less coffee for the same taste
I think it would’ve been worth making it a little bit more expensive and having a proper grinder in it
I came to late I just bought it and instantly regretting it
I bought one brand new on clearance for $50, is it more “worth it” then?
I once had a Philips bean to caraffe brewer and it did a decent job. Certainly no handground clever dripper brew but decent enough for an enjoyable cup in the morning. It even had a timer function!
Brew Barrymore! That's all I came here to say. Actually, perhaps she needs to collab with Bill Burr to produce a better machine
Don't be sorry.  I am American, born and raised...I wish they would trash imperial and get with the program.
E
It is a good beeper, though.
For sure, Drew Barrymore watched your review and now she literally hates you. :)))
I love how James is just a no bullshit coffee enjoyer unironically. Doesn't come off snobish or anything just passionate
it's 99$ and from walmart. expectation is low here. The B on it already took half the 99$. so it is as expected junk.
Its not!!
She only put her name one to sell it. She had nothing what so ever to do with its design
0:50 "big B for Beautiful" aged very well LOL
I woulld say cocfee is part of the change.  I think culinary arts are helping change to metric, slowly.  Many recipies are using weight in grams now.  But coffee is definatly part of the culinary arts.
I believe design should never come before functionality. So, in that sense, this machine failed. I would never buy it—this kind of machine just wastes precious coffee beans.
I know it’s impossible to review every machine but the beautiful espresso machine would be interesting content
Sadly its not freat, i wish more companies came out with prettier coffee machines
as european ,thas coffe tea lol we like espresso
Lost me at Walmart
So I picked one of these up on clearance at walmart before I saw this video.  I love darker roasts so the quality of a quick cup of coffee is passable for me.  However the clearn up is just about a deal breaker.  There is no good way to empty the used grounds.  Definately going to explore methods to make a paper filter work.
i don't even like coffee. why did i click on this video?
It is not good, it lasts at max a month. TERRIBLE
I have to hear at least once a month about Drew's products and how I must must must get some. Nooo I'll pass.
It's not bad that it grinds way too much coffee for one cup even on the lowest setting
> good water Wait, am I using "bad water"?
Was about to get one but I don’t ounces.
I hate it had it a month and it quit working correctly taking it back
Don't you mean he brews
When you start with the right bean, water and filter.   The best brewers are pour overs, French presses, and Mokka pots.  Why use complex machines that are susceptible to mold and hard water scaling?
I have one because it was all that was available.Not a Drew Barrymore fan. BUT I'm loving it
Want a cheap, crappy coffee machine? Use capsule machines
i went through so many coffee makers and grinders. i had enough. i just wanted something that works, the right way. a good grind, perfect coffee brewing at 200 degrees from start to finish. i found it in a baratza encore that amazon had on sale for $95 and a MoccaMaster brewer for $120. never had a problem since then.
Actually making your own coffee in the morning is joy. Not just the coffee itself also making the coffee wake me up.
Terrible
Looking at getting the Delonghi Truebrew. Anyone have any thoughts on this?
I get the criticism, but I also think the type of people who would buy this aren't that educated with coffee lol. They probably don't know what good burrs are and the difference between from brewing light vs dark roasts like we enthusiasts do (but at the same time, you shouldn't try to market their ignorance but teach them the ways)
This is basically "how do you do, fellow kids" whith celebrities & corporations trying to insert themselves into a niche community that they have no understanding of
A 4 cup Mr Coffee automatic drip brewer for $30-something and a Krupps metal blade grinder for another $30 will make an excellent little pot of coffee 😂
Might as well boil your coffee in a plastic water kettle. This thing is a piece of e waste
I used to like Drew, but now, not so much and I pretty much know without finishing the video that this thing will be trash but I can't resist a Hoffmann video.
A basic filter coffee machine will do better than this
Ok but imagine being woken up in the morning by the sound of coffee grinding 😂
Oz are hard.  I have no idea how much an Oz is.  Metric is easy to understand.
I love the look of it and the fact that I could make 8 ounces or 16 but the keypad or the computer or software is all messed up. I tried to return it, but Walmart wouldn’t take it back without a receipt trying to get it to clean is impossible never never never buy one of these if you could send us some kind of easy way to clean it. The videos on YouTube I only saw two of them and they were very confusing as well.
40$ at Walmart right now.
Great review, I was thinking of purchasing. However not this coffee maker.
We use grams a lot
Very frustrating machine. Not easy to use or clean
I'm glad I don't have Walmart in the UK!
You are exactly right about this coffee maker. It looks perfect and just what we wanted, beans to grind and already ground coffee. However taste is lacking and coffee clogs the filter. Sadly, I am returning it. I would pay a little more for quality
My expectations were fairly low and I was ready to buy until you showed how it brewed! I would love the convenience of K-cups with my choice of coffee without inconvenient workarounds. Oh well. 🤷‍♂️
I just bought this coffee maker for when friends and family visit and want some coffee, as I do not drink coffee. Now I’m watching this video and hoping they don’t kick me out of my own house for my terrible excuse for a coffee maker. 😄
Can't believe he doesn't ANY dark roast beans in the studio.
Can you tell me if anyone bought it? Is it worth the money?
I wanted this to be good so bad😭
You ROASTED it real good😂 What a piece of fraud that plastic box is.
“It doesn’t feel cheap and flimsy and terrible,” as you would expect from Drew Barrymore. Between Drew and Walmart, though, it’s pretty obvious that they had more than enough resources to develop a device that would produce excellent results and make plenty of profits at this price, especially when the word got around and they all went flying off the shelves. But once again they give us low price with low appeal. Reminds us of another celebrity endorsement. “They aren’t trying to take your house.”
16:05 just imagine what the one owned by the actual target end user of this looks like :))
If this is tea, please bring me some coffee; but if this is coffee, please bring me some tea.
I love this coffee machine! First time I've had a great cup of coffee in a long time. This machine and Peet's coffee beans - chef's kiss!
Came here to say pleaseeee try her new espresso machine!!!
Coffeemaker is crap. Makes a huge mess, takes forever.
I can relate to the software issues of Drew's coffee machine. We have one. I do not know how software upgrades get loaded into this machine ... it would certainly be a plus for those of us who are already owners. I commiserate with lighter grades of coffee ☕. Fortunately for me the darker French Roast type are what I drink, almost exclusively. They work well with this machine.😊
I bought a brand new Zwilling. It lasted for 5 grinds and then it stopped working. I tried everything to get that fucker working again. I've had other brands of burr grinders, quality ones you speak of and they just don't last. I'm back to a vintage rotary grinder.
Him opening that thing up to look at the grind is maybe the most horrible thing I've ever seen.
She's so fine
You can eliminate the beeping alarms. After using this product for about two weeks now, I have to agree that it does leave a little bit of a mess inside the basket. I have  not found a great bean yet to use in the grinder. Using my own ground coffee tastes great though.
2:12 Americans causing mass confusion once again
Ceramic bean grinders :(
Bought one coz I thought it used coffee pods. I don’t like it.
I got 2 machines as gifts over the years that are bean to cup options. The first was the Gaggia Brera Espresso Maker (I like this one better and keep this at my office), the other is the Spinn (which makes a variety of coffee). I'd say the Spinn probably works best for standard coffee, for people that what the Keurig experience, but with the option for quality coffee... It's ok. You cannot use dark roasts in any of these machines, and I prefer French Roasts. I prefer the taste of a French Roast with my Aeropress or Stagg Pourover. But the machines are just so convenient, I can deal with the tradeoff... still marginally better than a Mr. Coffee (which is better than a Keurig).
Wouldn’t it be cool if there was a replacement burr that could make it less bad? But then the motor would burn out trying to actually grind.
It looks to me like the grinder generates quite a lot of static electricity, causing the grounds to spray out and cling to every surface in the brew chamber.  Without a spray of water to rinse it all down, I wonder what fraction of the coffee never gets extracted at all. The mess left behind is the real deal-killer, though.  Do you do a major clean-up job after every use (more than wiping out the convenience of a bean-to-cup device), or let the crud accumulate and get moldy?
I have no idea what happened in this video because all I could think about was how he’s getting out of that kitchen
I feel like the people who make this product could easily fix these issues and make a very good machine that is still relatively affordable.
Really a shame James didn't get a darker bean for this review.  Not fair really.
When i select 8oz it gives me 5oz. Why is this?
mine turn out very well great taste it only cost 99.00 some cost way over that .. Get real..
Wow what a piece of shit, ALDI can make an entire espresso maker for less and it actually makes decent espresso.
We always use oz for volume measurements and grams for weight measurements because all the scales are metric. Metric is not winning, not in the US anyway.
Imagine building a kitchen appliance that uses a measuring system only used by less than 0,06% of the total world population. America is a hilarious country for hilarious people!
That bit of information about the pot being in a loophole . Basically with it being programmed and not being able to brew my coffee ☕️ until tomorrow. I tried to unplug it to reset the pot . Unfortunately that did not work.
It's based off order. We have standard coffee sizes at shops and this meets the expectation of the size we ask for.
I loved drew Berrymore in Santa Clarita diet and others but I hated ET. Can you confirm this coffee pot has nothing to do with ET or that little boy he terrorized?
My parents had a Cuisinart grinder/brewer that did all of this, although it did use paper filters. (Sadly, they filled it with cheap ‘hazelnut flavor’ coffee beans from the grocery store, eugh.) I think it cost around $135 (in the early 2000s).
"They're mixing the old imperial and metric, which is terrible..." says the man who lives in a country whose road signs are in miles, height is measured in meters and a person's weight is measured in stone.
Drew brew!
You seem like a very nice man.... Metric is wrong
Bought it,  it would not go into brew cycle, returned it.  JUNK.
I don't like coffee. I'm not really sure why I watched this from start to finish.
I think James didn’t do a great job contextualizing this product the way that he has for some others. I would loved to have seen him compare the cost of a separate grinder and drip machine with a Brew Later function, and taste compare it to a Keurig or Nespresso. The marketing of the product seems to be putting it against that, and for the convenience of who would be buying a machine like this, those seem like the best functional comparisons.  He could still dunk on it, but I like hearing James explain why people deserve better coffee, and how they can get what they’re looking for if they’re willing to invest more.  I know he has other videos that do this, but I imagine most people watching this haven’t seen them.
I was also hoping this was a better product. Counter space is a premium and this would have been perfect. Do you have any recommendations for all-in-one grinder/brewer?
Did I catch a black books quote in there near the end? "Filthy!" 😂😂
How can the beep volume be increased?
like every poorly made product invented. to sell  the item they put a celebrity image and name on it and people will buy it thinking they are buy a good product there just losing money
Yes we did buy one! I dislike the basket! I don’t like burning my fingers emptying it in the trash then rinsing remaining grounds down the sink. This must be done in between coffee drinkers. I’m going back to my mr coffee.
The B is for Beep
I dont even drink coffee I just wanted to know if the legend that voices Olive in Olive The Other Reindeer could make a good coffee maker
Keep it short
15:48
😳🤪
lol they know their target demographic.  The thing i,s Muricans measure their liquids in ounces  but their bud in Grams. So its easy for us to measure smaller weights in grams. Just makes sense.
First of all. She just put her name on for money.  She in fact had nothing to do with it on the inside.  She might of just chose the colors
I have a feeling if I used metric around my girlfriend she'd leave me. She's an American machinist :D
Great detailed review. I'll summarize for folks not wanting to watch the whole thing: don't buy this thing. It's a bunch of bollocks.
Im wondering if the coffee beans being ground up are plugging machine up  I am going to have to buy another coffeemaker
Im wondering if the coffee beans being ground up are plugging machine up
If u can perfect all three concepts then it would outsell all the other 1 cup coffeemakers
The configuration in front  left corner stopped working
I think there is something wrong after using grinder a few times and brewing coffee It made 2 cups of coffee then it had a fkashing clean light also I saw a clr and h20 never brewed coffee after My daughter had it 2 months before I had it and didnt use grinder but brewed coffee ok I get it use it twice with the whole beans and it wont brew
Too fancy I'll stick with my pour over lol
Thank you
Bought one before review, he's right, it sucks. Stopped grinding about 4 cups in
No one who buys this thing really cares about Coffee mathematics. 😂 These things are for people who want their coffee ready to go when they wake up so they can take care of their pets/kids/spouse. I’m not saying this is a good product but it is what it is especially for $99.
Short answer: No Long answer: it makes coffee, no.
Nah….. I will stick to my Siemens Q600
I’m trash, I admit that.  Worked at Starbucks in college and all that…I dislike Drew, but I’m here for this thing.    I feel like this is going to make the Keurig people really happy.  As a former Keurig user, it’s probably going to hit the Walmart crowd and make them feel fancy.
:elbow_cough;
:elbow_cough:
Am I the only one that appreciates all the beeps?
Looks like something manufactured in the 70s
I figured out how to get off of the Delay area! You have to hold down the button that says menu on it and it will take you back
DAMN IT! I saw “it grinds” and got excited about something else 😂
It Drews coffee!
Coffee S N O B!!!
Rich people problems😢
No thank you Drew.
Every single thing in this product line is absolutely worthless.
It’s crazy how sensitive coffee apparently is. Like, how do you even know if you like coffee unless you have 2000$ worth of equipment and hundreds of attempts at trial and error of different grinds and strengths and beans. I couldn’t imagine calling myself an expert or a connoisseur of something when I don’t enjoy the basic version of it.
Would have liked to see a dark roast  tried, since it is designed for dark roast.
Similar horror story to my Illy  Capsules machine produced weak awful results then broken
this thing feels like a i want a step up from a k-cup but cant be bothered to put in any effort and whole ben is better than pre ground people and it is made at a price point
You've done a great service!   Thank you Mr. Hoffmann!  Normally I would be attracted to this product if I saw pictures on the box of metal burrs. However thank you and bless you you pointed out a very important flaw in the machines design. The fact that these are nylon burrs or similar.  I trust everything you've indicated about the product. Hopefully they will come out with a Mark II which will have steel or iron burrs and a non threatening disposition with the electronics. I t appears Miss Barrymore is no Danny Thomas! .Thank you Sir! You've saved me some money!
Thanks for this review. It was excellent. That machine was very tempting, but unfortunately it was "too good to be true".
The no paper coffee filter really is a deal breaker because of how bad unfiltered coffee is for you
Drugs have always used metric
Wait isn’t the maths there about finished versus starting volume of water or coffee backwards?  The same amount of coffee will be a smaller fraction when compared with a given volume of water versus when compared with a given volume of water and dissolved coffee.
As an American I wish everything was just metric. Makes science easier and most machines you buy here seem to do the ounce and gram thing you were referring to.
The usa is moving to the metric system inch by inch every day ... there is hope ;)
This coffee maker is mostly plastic, so one would be drinking micro plastics in their coffee.
Enjoy tea....
Things we do for money.. taste coffee from supermarket coffee maker
Forget the coffee, I'll take one Drew three cream.
How anyone drinks weak bean water is beyond me
I don't know enough about food safety and 3d printing, but couldn't a much better burr be swapped with a 3d print?
I don't like the idea of pouring hot water on plastic, do not care what science says. I brew in a glass pint glass or mason jar with cotton filter. boom. no worry of plastic.
Maybe that would be a good thing to brew Dandiblend or Teeccino or some other not coffee-coffee
Christmas is coming up, I'm glad I watched this first. Thanks James!
She should give it for free... Like she says everything should be.
So is there anything out there for like $200 that can grind and brew coffee on a timer? I'm lazy and cheap and would love something like that.
I love microplastics in my coffe.
“Without being too nerdy”  James. That boat has sailed, mate  We’re looking at ‘too nerdy’ in the rear view mirror
Water in ounces and coffee in grams makes sense because (A) water is basically a constant density in normal conditions, meaning fluid ounces of water are very consistent measurements (as compared to say, cups of flour), (B) every American has a measuring pyrex spout cup with fluid ounce markers, (C) coffee volume varies by contrast so weight measurements are better, and (D) A lot of people are confused by the difference between fluid ounces (so keeping consistent measurements between coffee/water would be confusing anyway) and weight ounces but grams on a digital scale is pretty unambiguous.
The grinder keeps getting jammed, a pain to clean after brewing, the basket filter is a pain to clean.
What's the alternative for a single cup with grind option?? @jameshoffmann
oh my god why am i watching this
Word to the wise: If any product is being backed or promoted by a celebrity, it's just going to be a scam.   Celebrities advertising products they don't know jack about is becoming a disturbing  problem and a cheap tactic to weasel money out of their fans. Ryan Reynolds for example doesn't know dick about the alcohol industry but that doesn't stop him promoting his Aviation gin. Celebrities don't actually utilise the stuff their promoting nor do they have expert knowledge of the field it's in.  Stay away from any product that is being promoted by any celebrity.
When I saw this coffee maker I fell in love with it.. but I know better so I ran straight to YouTube and I no longer want it 😅
By the time I was able to form sentences I'd come to the conclusion that Walmart was a synonym for,well,shit,cheap, badly made,lowest quality,false economy shit.
Maybe Drew Barry more but not really 'Brew-it-More' 😂😂😂
One could relatively easily disconnect the beeper with some pliers if it is found to be irritating.
I made it half way through before realising there was no point watching any further.  It's a big fat NO.
No it is just a brand that she puts her face to. Drew Barrymore knows nothing about the product.
For those who are looking for a decent entry "kit" for filter coffee, I have an inexpensive burr grinder from Amazon (~$40) and the most inexpensive 4 cup drip machine I could get. Equipment cost is under $60 USD, and when using whole bean coffee, you get pretty decent results. I personally purchase a locally roasted coffee on the medium to dark side with some sweeter notes in it
Just purchase a blade grinder and paper cone filter. Save$$$$.
Senseo. Pads from Aldi.  This is the way.  😘
For some reason, I read this as Brew Barrymoore 😅😂
Metric is so much better than the dullard imperial.  We tried to change it many times and it lost by one vote.....we gave up.   Yes, Brew Darrymore. Most "Americans" want this with an addition Keurig.  A horrid Keurig.
I have the electric kettle and its good. Got it in pandemic and it has its quirks like going into Celsius mode randomly and sometimes warming to random temps. But its a solid piece for the price
Doesn't the UK use both imperial and metric? When I visited a few years ago, I noticed the mix.
The whole appliance designblooks great. But none of the appliances  from the " Beautiful" line  is a great buy.
Darkstar measure units
Oh, uh, naughty, you've combined metric and imperial, you might get an interdenominational... you know, from mixing the two measurement systems, a hangover of that kind.
Celebrity endorsement should be the first red flag
I'll keep my stainless commercial Bunn thanks..
I will never understand why people buy coffee makers, i understand an expresso thing, but if u just want regular coffee then get a grinder for like $20 and a French press for $9 at ikea and there ya go. Good easy coffee. Now just spend the money u saved on really good organic, co-op, ethical coffee beans.
Has anyone else in the US noticed that it's becoming more common to see things weighed out in grams? I'm beginning to get used to what 20 grams or whatever looks like visually. I like it better.
Too much talking.
It is horrible it does not work as the say
Hahah as an old Capitalist American pig that likes his imperial system.  I have to admit getting a bit more seriously into cooking, i do have to agree metric is pretty nice, gram and milliliters are the same and might be one of the best purchases was getting a digital scale that does 0.01 of a gram  is  simply awesome....
3:05 that display does not seem accessibly designed at all
Think its 99 quid for a reason
Am I the only one who cannot see anything on that "screen"?
I noticed when grinding coffee,the ground coffee has static electricity and sticks to the side of the container,so that’s probably the problem with the coffee not all dropping down into the basket
electric grinder €20,-  kettle €20,-  filter holder €20,-
“It looks a little pale” …..it looks like tea 😂
Could one replace the burrs?
We have had this machine for a while now, and there are two significant downsides to this machine: 1. Cleaning the basket after every cup is extremely messy, and the design does not make it easy to complete the task 2.  The instructions for descaling in the manual are incorrect. We have reached out to the company to try to get updated instructions and so far no reply.
I wonder if she ever used it herself?
Like  mother always said "if it sounds to good to be true, it probably is." Looks rather disgusting in that basket. Yes please do more of these. Pretty sure, she wouldn't  use this for her morning brew.
i just need to find the best all-in-one lol. that looks that simplistic
i know nothing about coffee and do not drink  - but this was a very entertaining and interesting video.  Thank you
8:06 i chuckled out loud. "SORRY DAVE, YOU SAID YOU WANTED COFFEE TOMORROW MORNING WHEN YOU WAKE UP. NO CHANGING YOUR MIND AFTER YOU COMMITED. YOU'LL JUST HAVE TO WAIT"
When more is less.
As flawed as this machine is, you didn’t test it with the intended roast. The law of critical charity requires critical dialog to give the theory the best chance to succeed. Then given a valid test, an objective analysis could reveal deductively if there is any sound argument for the device.  Never mind, @James Hoffmann can’t buy even one bag of dark roast coffee, to test a machine.
This is targeted at the US market.  They probably think this is good coffee compared to regular US coffee that resembles wastewater.
It's a no for me when you said "filter coffee"
The amount of plastic in that thing is such BS.
How can they blatantly lie like that?
TL;DR Is it good? No.
In the USA anything important is done with the metric system.
prob can use flat percolator filter UNDER the basket
Skip to the point: 8:55 Taste Test: 13:15 Verdict: 14:33
Let’s be honest. She doesn’t even use that.
American citizen here. I use grams and ounces.
May I defend it?  Okay for that type of grinder, of the selection of grinders like that, it might be comparable or viable.  For those who might buy that type of grinder, maybe his has more features and maybe looks better.  Obviously it's not for those who know better.
What am I doing with my life? It's 3 am and I am watching if Drew Barrymore's Coffee Machine is good..🥲🥲
I wonder if part of the problem may be audience. You know what good coffee is supposed to taste like, and how to make it. But this thing isn't, I don't think, intended to compete against V60s and Aeropresses and $300 cups of coffee. It's intended to compete with Mr. Coffee and Maxwell House. It gives people access to whole beans in a way that's convenient, and if it sacrifices quality to an extent that's okay because frankly anyone who drinks Folgers probably isn't noticing them anyway (full disclosure, I frequently drink Folgers, because it's cheap and available on construction sites).   Would this work for a leading expert in the coffee field? No, absolutely not. Obviously. Would this improve the quality of coffee available to a busy family as one parent goes off to work and the other rushes to drop the kids off for school? That question is, I think, still unanswered.  I also think that if there were a way to sift out the really, really fine stuff it would be a good thing. It's hard to find a grinder that can make Turkish coffee grounds. Something that makes okay coffee AND provides Turkish coffee grounds? I'm in!
The seriousness
I wish I saw your video before I bought this coffeemaker. I have had this for about 6 months and I actually enjoy the coffee and the smell of the fresh grind. The issue started when I tried to clean it. The software and the instructions had me so frustrated. And until I figured this out I could not brew another cup of coffee. I somehow got the "clean" light off and had no clue what I did correctly. I wonder if others have had this issue. If I have this issue again (it's happened twice so far) this machine will be going in the trash. I enjoy your honesty in this video.... Debbie
I'll stick to something that isn't liberal endorsed.
Say one ...just one good thing 😂
Hold up, imperial is British! You are  cheering for the French!
SO MUCH PLASTIC WAL MART IS TRYING TO kill us?😊
Oh no this is not coffee this is American water drink 😂😂😂
16:10 "filthy" XD idk too funny
I can't even turn mine on 😢
regular chinese coffee machine ))))) if you are ready to pay extra for Drew - go on
Just buy a Bodum burr grinder and an Aeropress.  About the same price. I have been using this combination for two years. Awesome coffee.
Honestly, i didn't see that this was a james hoffman video, I only clicked because the product in the picture had an uncanny resemblance to a xiaomi cat feeder I was interested.
YES it is in Ounces !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BAD BREW DREW!
Hope this machine will release a V2 version with proper grinder and with paper filter, user-customizable software and less beeps, probably price will raise but that might just be what the consumers want.
Drewing coffee has never felt better.
More Chinese manufactured junk.  The kind of thing someone who knows nothing about coffee would give someone they know who is into coffee and not spend a lot of money.
The most important question is: Does this machine produce better coffee than pre-ground with a $100 brewer? And that is with darker roasts from supermarkets.  With my cheap wilfa "false burr" grinder that had the same characteristics (albeit a bit more uniform than what you´re describing here), I was getting way better coffee just from the fact that it was freshly ground from whole beans (cheap dark roasts).   Sure, this is far from optimal, but if you don´t care (really), and you  don´t want to spend more than $100, AND you prioritize convenience, is this a "good" option?
Just don't buy celebrity products. They usually go with the cheapest whitelabel products they can get, throw their name on, and sell it for a 1000% markup
2:24 NOOOO my freedom units.
My coffee machine got packed up inside and there’s no way to clean it now it’s just broken
"Only sold in Walmart" should have been a great giveaway on it's quality.
Long story short… answer is no. No it’s not good.
After three months of use, do not Iike clean the god filter bin thing and I’ll get a bean stuck between the opening of the grinder and for some reason, the grinder makes a whorling sound Ike no beans are getting through, clean it and the next brew, the same situation.  It’s a pain.
Just buy a Panasonic, but I doubt they can be as cheap.
So, you get what you pay for.  Does it come in any other colour but corpse grey, I wonder. 🤔😆
Dam I really wanted to get this just so it would match the tea kettle on my coffee station....
Please review her espresso machine
If I only ever drink a cup at a time - what is the best Brewer/Grinder combo to get me off pods ? Maybe at a few price points.
Guy's frustrated with the product.
it doesn't taste bad, it taste's sad. =(
In regards to the flavor, they prob had the participants fill out a survey and ask how much more flavor do you think has been extracted compared to this other cup. So a very subjective method rather than scientific
I haven't heard of anyone mentioning this, and apologies if someone has but the plastic filters really alter the taste and smell of coffee. I see very expensive coffee makers with plastic filter baskets. The outside has all this stainless but cheap out on the basket.  As for the Drew Brew, thanks for reviewing this. I was on the fence about it. We use a regular coffee maker band have a K machine that's mainly used for green tea and for my husband when I don't set the coffee maker at night, or just a quick cup in the afternoon. Cuisinart has a machine like Drew's. Can you review that one? It's probably the same but just curious what the extra $50 gets you.  Thank you for all the great coffee knowledge.
One of the reasons I love an Aeropress is how easy it is to clean.  Pour over is almost as simple. This machine looks like a disaster in that department.
What a great review!
i wonder how much that trademark did cost her
well it kind of makes sense - it's a Walmart collab, it's for people who buy coffee from Walmart.
The instant you turned the coffee maker around and showed the back I knew it wouldn't work for me. I don't want a single serve coffee maker to store water, I want to pour the water into the back when I'm ready to make a cup and have that immediately heated and used.  I don't drink that much coffee, and no water storage means no slime growing in the water tank, which was a real problem when I had a Keurig.
I'm still using a single cup coffee maker that my mom gave me for Christmas 6 years ago. It was 20 dollars new (on sale). I use it at least 3-6 times a day. It still works well. I run vinegar through it and rinse it out like once every 3-4 months. 😂
Walmart stands for cheap shit. They don't have one decent product under their brands.
If the main issue is the grind, could you upgrade the burr? Looks like it was held in by screws.
A bean grinder is £11 and a large stainless steel cafetiere is £15 then finest Italian beans are £12 a kg off Amazon. You can't go wrong if you don't try to do fancy. Basics and understanding makes me a large outstanding coffee for literally pennies vs what i'd get at a Costa/Starbucks or spending out on a fancy bulky machine.
Barrymore drew my attention to this machine.
I do rly like the small carafe, you think Drew Barrymore will sell that separately?
Whoa, dodged a bullet
It's really unfortunate she partners with Walmart a large food stamp employer.
She lost me in her Mamala comment. I’d rather spend twice as much.
It's a good looking machine!
I feel like the real verdict you should have given was "Is it better than a pod machine of the same cost?" because that is what it is really competing against.
4:40. pretty fucking obvious that wouldnt work.
the worst cofee maker! dont buy! i bought and this stopped working in 3 use!
why does this feel, right out the front, an AI "fit and finish"? WHY ARE WE HERE,  WHAT EVER WE EVEN DOING?
As an American that lived in Canada for 7 years I can say, without a doubt, the US needs to switch to Metric.  ITS SO MUCH BETTER/EASIER!
So what's the cheapest alternative that's actually any good?
I love the painting in the background on the left, who's the artist?
giving heavy “I like some of the gaga songs, what the fuck does she know about cameras” vibes 😂
‘Coffee plinking’ is my favourite subtitle
don't apologize for the metric thing, there are millions of us Americans who are so frustrated with being fully grown adults who can't measure anything like normal people because we were taught WRONG
Brew Cherry & more
Drew Barry more made this? Wow she's talented 👍
Coffee is gross. Dirt water for drug addicts.
In 10 years all these machines in the trash. That’s what we need the most. Thankyou
What drew me to this is the design. I wonder if she drew it herself...? I'm sorry - I couldn't help myself.
"I wish it was better, but it's not."
No thank you for the micro-plastic feeder.  When the grinder teeth becomes all soft, I'd know I drank them.
If it can't make me a pot of Foldgers  columbian, as black as the dark side of the moon, I'm not interested.
Lol. Somehow the ground coffee that was all over the sides that would not get brewed somehow got brewed.    I can't believe he has 2.1M subs.    I think he's expertise is BS but he is good at selling stuff.   Let's see some blind taste test with chemical analysis.
Real question. Did you try just putting your beans in and brewing a glass? You paused it. Decided yourself to add more. Shook the thing around, then put it back together. I definitely understand breaking a product apart, after trying it correctly. You also mentioned that it was built for a darker roast, and then used an extremely light roast.   I just find this humorous. If a busy mother who has the same type of donut shop coffee everyday were looking at this, I think we would BOTH agree that the product is superior.
2:23 As a typical American drug consumer we use grams as a unit of measurement quite often.
Where is the link to buy one?
It looks like my tea looks like.. How is there twice as much flavour extraction in that over regular coffee? Imagine ordering coffee and you ask for black.. you get this.. not black but rather a sewage colour.. My coffee is black as night with a light brown crema on top after brewing.. This has none of that?
It's a coffee maker.  Buy it or don't.  Review done.
damn i watched the whole video and i dont even drink coffee xD honestly coffee tastes so bad for me i rather drink brackwater xD still watched the video ... says alot about james :)
Sounds like a brewers nightmare!!!
"This is really exciting. I really like the idea and price of this machine and how it looks. Now listen to me systematically dismantle everything about this machine and refute any reason you might come up with to buy this item."
Lol, designed by Drew Barrymore. Say no more.
Wal-mart, celebrity endorsed, under $100; about what I expected.  The only good part is not having to think about ruining coffee before having your ruined coffee.
Bought a Capresso a few years ago,  and love it.   They are expensive but worth it.   I'll pass on this one.   Great review,  thank you for posting!
I have to wonder if the device might be improved drastically just by reducing the size of the brew chamber to that of a Keurig basket.
I would like to see a blinded taste test on a few machines with this one.
I returned it the next day.  Everything You said was right on target.
Better than Star Bucks😮😮
Just the way it looks SCREAMS not great to me. They are selling Paris Hilton Knives at Wal-Mart (packaging looks VERY similar).... I have a hard time believing she cooks lol.
I would love to see Drew Berrymore react to this. Does she even care? Has she ever used it?
Chill buddy it’s just coffee lol😂
Studying how this is not only functionally designed but also how it is being marketed helps reveal a lot about the business process that created it and who it was intended to be sold to. The biggest indicator is how (in the fine print!) the quality is being directly compared with the Keurig. Those machines (and their competitors) are overwhelmingly sold on their easy of use for making a single cup of coffee at a time, something intended more for shared spaces like an office. Someone brewing at home will care about this less; shared space coffee machines don''t easily store excess brewed coffee without a lot of extra fuss & equipment.  The challenge of cleaning this machine will be its achilles heel. Clearly, the designers understand the challenge and have tried to make it easier to disassemble. But that's not going to be enough. The ease of cleaning up a brew setup directly influences my choices in how I make coffee. For a good quality cup (or carafe), I am willing to work with the messiness of a french press, but I usually opt for a simpler pour-over or auto-drip machine. Yes, I can taste the quality difference, and all things being equal I much prefer a good quality immersion brew. But not all things are equal: I prefer systems that keeps the coffee in a neatly contained paper filter. I also highly dislike pod-based systems like Nespresso or Keurig because of the increased use and exposure to plastics (and yes, it does impact the flavor).  Which brings me to the user interface. I've worked in offices where there was a large bean-to-brew machine to grind and make coffee on demand. It clearly was a complex and expensive piece of equipment that took a lot of effort to maintain. For a large office with dozens of people, one can make an argument about its cost-effectiveness, since the alternatives (pod-based systems not withstanding) are going to have similar scalability issues to a small cafe or restaurant, at which point the real alternative is to just open up a fully independent franchise next door (or otherwise co-located).
Brew by Drew
can you try the espresso machine next?
Is there a version of this automatic bean-to-filter-coffee machine that actually makes good coffee that's reasonably priced?
Lost me at Walmart
Not for anyone avoiding microplastics in their coffee!!
It wants to be a clover x/ Keurig but it isn’t there yet lol 😆
are yu fkiing kidding me?
You know that quite a few of them are available on the market, right? And better ones. Because you seem like you discovered something special and unique that does these 2 things.
You get what you pay for. Ghetto coffee machine.
Despite of the grind problem, and the messy dirty passage of the coffee( maybe fixable too with a 3d printed part) and all the sofwteare ratios and menus( also fixable) 99 sounds good, but of course for this audience is a no, but iam thinking for my mom, and maybe i can grind the coffee for her, wonder if they make a version 2 with your inputs.
I was hooked until he mentioned it recommends only dark roast, imo dark roast is kinda nasty and things that ONLY does dark roast I'm avoiding it completely
im sorry but theres no way in hell im going to be able to read that all-white digital display on an off-white panel, especially in a brightly lit room!! it kinda hurts to try and look at!
I dont drink coffee and I could see that was weak.
.... I just pure hot water over a standing filter holder. Right above my cup.  I hand grind or just buy trash.   The amount of effort for bitter bean tea is incredible
is it a french press? no?    then its shit.
i don't even drink coffee,  but this was so informative.
She’s a psychopath 😒
plastic and hot water should never go together.
I love the old school supermarkets with burr grinders that you can grind your beans in. That's the cheapest buy in.
Dark Roast Drew
The screws holding in the "burr" seem to provide better grinding than the burr itself
Good concept, I want a better version of this.   Fresh ground coffee makes a huge difference!
@James will you review the PHILIPS Baristina?
That display is terrible.
Can it be modded tho
Is it good? Do I care?
Oh HELL no! I said this after Wal-Mart, and seeing the dirty grinds everywhere at the end.
I have one of these from a different brand that I bought about 10 years ago. I use it every morning but I never use the grinder because you have to Fully take it apart and clean it every time. After grinding the Coffee dust left behind then mixes with the steam from the brewing and creates a brown sludge that has to be fully cleaned every single time which is Irritating. So I do use it but I turn off the grinder and just put my own ground beans into the machine and use it like a regular drip machine. Mine is a nicer brand, I can't remember The name But it has a proper grinder and not the kind in the Drew Barrymore version.  So technically it works pretty well but I'm not willing to clean out the sludge every single morning.
There are instructions on how to silence the beep
I have one and LOVED the improvement of coffee taste over KCups!!  I came here to find out how to program the time !! So frustrating!!  Now I’m disappointed to learn it’s not a true burr grinder!!
No. Anythjng celebrity endorsed is just a shitty gimmick.
Weak, thready, shallow, disappointing. Just like Drew Barrymore.
This is just so stupid. Why do Famous people think they can parley their acting into something they have absolutely no expertise in? Stick to acting.
honestly all someone needs to upgrade their coffee from a Mr. Coffee style brewer is a $5 melitta brew cone, some paper filters, access to hot water, and a good burr grinder. If they're willing to grind their coffee with a hand grinder, that's $30-$50, which is what they're going to spend on a new Keurig anyways. When I swapped from using a blade grinder to a burr grinder I learned what good coffee can taste like.
I love that it's comparing itself to a Keurig with a Dunkin' donuts flavour pod thing... It's slightly better than The Keurig in your la Quinta hotel room.
It drews! It barries! It mores!
Slapping your name on a cheap Chinese product, how American.  Good video though
This was the roast of Drew Barrymore
Why is it not called Brew Barrymore.
come on, if you can tolerate slurping like a mad man, you can tolerate a beeping sound
Drew Barrymore and Walmart seem to be a good fit.
So could you /they potentially swap in a better burr grinder since it is removable?
I want an Izzy Osborne coffee maker
The manufacturer “made by gathering” DO NOT support their products if anything goes wrong- you’re on your own. I know this from experience!
Well I think it matches perfectly Drew Barrymore's carreer
How do you enter that completely enclosed counter space?
Would be cool to see an upgraded version that fixes most of the issues. I'd buy it
"vaguely more effective" lmaoooo
sorry but i hate beeping machines...sounds like the coffee maker is reversing
I like DB, but I think this coffee maker has too many glitches to deal with.
Who's afraid of metric?
I feel like those false burrs will erode into your coffee grounds over time in the form of microplastics
As a British dude you should be used to terrible mixes of metric and imperial
I'd be curious to see what kettle and grinder you suggest that cost in the range of $200
When it beeps, I expect the machine to back up.
Do a review of the new Breville Oracle - Jet . touch screen  Espresso machine . Thank You . Try Starbucks Komodo Dragon beans .
0:22 for $100 you can assemble a setup that, while not great, will yield much better coffee than this thing. Using today's prices on the jungle website, you can come away with a gooseneck kettle, plastic V60-02 + 200 filters, 2000g scale, and Hario hand grinder for around $90. Obviously the grinder's the weakest link here, but even if you sub a much better Timemore you'd still get away for under $150.
Have you tried the Breville grind control coffee maker?
The slower you brew the stroger the flavor its not rocket science
You want your grinder to slice make it make sense?
5:40 duh your a fanatic 🤣🤣
Why on earth would you want paper filters duh
4:03 its fine
Mine was 30 bucks and it has timer
2:22 not
219 never gunna happen
The ounces thing is interesting to me. I went to order coffee at my university the other day (Australia), and the new place on campus insists on using ounces for their coffee sizes.  They have the number of shots in each size on the front of the sample size cups and since my brain short circuited seeing imperial units, I reflexively ordered by number of shots instead. This was obviously confusing because who knows if I just wanted an extra shot in a small, but I still just pointed at the cup to clarify. Not a fine moment for me.
You can buy a better or cheaper Keurig coffee machine for the price they are selling Drew Barrymore's Coffee machine.  Also the company only compared it to a standard Keurig machine because they know Keurig is king in the USA.
After kneeling to Dylan Mulvaney there's no way I'm getting anything promoted by DB.
but who chose the boujee hospital chic aesthetic
Its a drip coffee americano maker! So glad they could create a new type of coffee :D
Could you do a review on the Fellow Aiden coffee brewer?
I don't even drink coffee...
Scab coffee
with this one not working out wish you’d mention the closest budget friendly option!
"They're mixing imperial and metric!"    said a brittish person
‘2times more’ that’s 3 times as much, right ?
Just sounds like it was designed in Canada, if they're mixing metric and imperial
I just purchased one of these. Today is Thursday 4/18 and we received it on Tuesday 4/16. Not my first coffee maker from this brand. Used it every morning and afternoon since, I’m a 2 cup of coffee a day kind of guy, anyways this morning i was noticing the coffee grinder was “spinning” but none of the beans were being ground, my cup of coffee was good but my wife’s was legit just hot water. After cleaning it, Ran it again gave it a little shake and it worked but the taste was less than optimal. Could be the size of the beans. Also notice that after the brew is done the excess water just keeps coming. And can we talk about how you have to remove the coffee that was ground from the brew before in order to brew another cup of coffee. I have only had it for 2 days so i will give it a chance but not the best but you get what you pay for i guess.
Drew should have consulted Mr. Hoffman before creating this thing. But i like the look of it tho, it's a shame.
Anyone know of a comparable machine, less than 300 dollars, that also grinds and brews on a delayed timer?
So you are saying her coffee machine is as good as her show.
I bought a Beautiful brand Air fryer and it was absolute junk. The fan broke after about a month.
But compare it to a k cup . I have an  alright bur grinder and a moka pot not as good as some espresso I've made but it works good for my morning cup of joe
This does indicate one thing. Americans are the superior nation because we casually use Ounces and Grams together. Mixing the superior imperial measurement with the emaciated metric.   Shouts out USA. TWO TIME WORLD WAR CHAMPS!
It can't brew good coffee 😂
This is my kind of schadenfreude!
Who cares if it's good or not. It's only available to Walmart shoppers!
When it starts with a Walmart partnership, I’m not hopeful on the quality.
dude, we dont use the old system, we've been using metric for a long time.
Ah yes, awesome review. As I sit here drinking a cup of Nescafe instant Colombian.
If you could add a proper metal grinder to it, would it work well?
It's pretty cute, but when I am in a hurry I use a 20 year old Mr. Coffee machine with a real burr grinder and good beans and I get a cup that is well beyond acceptable and into "good coffee" territory. I seriously think the beans being ground right and fresh is 90% of it for me. (disclaimer: I only like brewed coffee -- espresso is not my jam.)
Really ❤ your reviews 🎉
Better than a keurig, but not by much?
Many Americans love the metric scale. Just a very select group who do select activities.
Frankly, an expensive burr grinder (>$150), a $50 Chemex, A gooseneck kettle, and 5 minutes will get you where you need to go.  Cleanup is a breeze.
FFS just SHOW us how the bloody thing works
Never apologize to us for anything, Ser Hoffmann
I really would love for James Hoffmann to review on all the grind and brew coffee machine?
You look like Steve Buscemi
Super disappointed in this device. Is there any possibility of aftermarket parts? I would assume not but it would be a lovely niche
I don't drink coffee, but I,like to know about it and I thank the world for James and this channel.
But it do not hold a certain mass of beans. It holds a fixed volume.
At $99 it really just has to beat a kurig and its difficult to believe it couldn't.
The answer was always going to be NO wasn't it?
You can buy a good coffee maker for $60 who will give you a good cup of coffee.  This is a cheap machine, sorry Drew
The way she treated her employees during the writers' strike was the first nail in the coffin of my opinion of Drew Barrymore. Her move to shilling cheap plastic garbage with a mildly pleasing aesthetic was the last one. Surely she's got barrymore family money and doesn't need to rip off us common folk? What a way to ruin a family legacy. With the false claims on the box and seemingly plastic coffee grinder, I hope someone sues the manufacturer for consumer safety purposes.
Are you ging to test de Baristina from Philips
please make a video  about  Indian filter coffee... my 9-year-old loves you videos even though he can't drink coffee yet!!!
Looks exactly how I'd expect a Drew Barrymore coffeemaker to look.
Some further inside baseball. I can't tell you how, but I DO know that yes, Walmart WOULD have been quite heavily involved in every aspect of this product's design, manufacturing, and marketing. As for the beeps. I'm fairly sure they are an ADA required feature in the US for those who have limited or no vision.
I want a senseo review
looks like coffee tea
For many Americans, myself included, the proper measure for small things, by weight, is grams (eg coffee or cocaine), and the proper measure for drink-size amounts of liquid is ounces or gallons, as appropriate.  This way any quantity is measured, with reasonable precision, by a whole number between 1 and 100.
Timemore hand grinder + V60 + filters = about the same price, but a different result...
For the person who likes flavored or less quality coffee, this might be just the ticket. If you are a bit of a coffee snob (such as myself), I think I'll stick to with my burr grinder and chemex. YMMV
Ahhhhh capitalism at its finest
Drews Brew | Brilliant
Metric sucks. It’s imparial all the way. Grams?!? What am I buying pot.
Please review oster espresso with grinder machine 🙏. I was thinking about buying one
holy shit, drew just got shit on by James. This is hilarious.
What if some person with a cnc machine cuts out a metal burr for it (i'm not saying cerramic thou)?  Will this make a coffee better?
idk how I stumbled across this video on my home page, but I know much much more about coffee now and I don't even like it lol
I really like your Folk Clothing sweatshirt (I think it's from them).
Seeing those grounds in the basket is giving me flashbacks to my old cuisineart, lol. I really hope conincal (and flat) burrs can lower in price enough that they become the standard and more affordable. Freshly roasted preground is still significantly better than getting a cheap false burr.
I don't know if it looks better in person but I find the screen in that coffee maker incredibly hard to read or even notice when it's on or off. That alone would put me off from buying!
Drew Barrymore to power of Wal-Mart how perfectly emblematic of the current state of affairs.
15 mins for 39 seconds of useful information. False burr bad weak coffee to say nothing of possible ingesting microplastic generation from the plastic burr.
3:07 I'm sorry, I just have to rant about the UI. I have no comment about it as a coffee maker.  White text on an off-white product, because we hate anyone with vision problems, and just a touch panel with zero buttons, also because we hate anyone with vision problems.  The future is so dumb.
Now it is time for Philips Baristina review I guess. Or is it?...
Nice video.  Quick TL;DR:  No, it's not good.  Get something like a Hario style dripper and grind your own coffee.  It seems to me this thing is a waste of money and will cause you to waste your coffee beans...
If you want to feel totally disoriented with mixing imperial and metric, try visiting Canada. Distance? Metric. Unless you're buying fabric, then Imperial. Temperature? Metric unless it's air conditioning then Imperial. Area? Metric unless you're buying property, then Imperial.😂 so many other exceptions
Just wanna point out England uses both imperial and metric.
Why would anyone want to buy anything because drew barrymore stuck her name on it?
i don't get why people call filter coffee a coffee should be called 'espresso flavored hot water'
at walmart it is now at 50 dollars
I just love James how was i not subscribed. He just loves coffee, its infectious. Even when the products lieing he's trying to like it.
A fluid ounce imperial is not the same as a fluid ounce American...
I recently found out my friend brews a full pot of coffee (like 12 "cups" on the pot) with only 3 tablespoons of grounds. That's some weak coffee.
Melitta aromafresh II might do a better job
OLD IMPERIAL METRIC ???? WTF
Forewarned is..
Too much plastic in direct contact with hot water. The amount of microplastics and other toxic substances that a person would consume over a lifetime of this machine is probably insane.
I want to put pinto beans.
Glad I'm not the only one driven into a silent rage by incessantly beeping appliances... I especially like the ones with a "reminder" function, that just keep beeping until you open them; those are so fun.
It's GKC OFFICE...
Now that I hav a catheter up my urethra  I grind my own coffee..a simple coffee machine makes 2 cups..micro wave usually a minute fir hotter coffee..I'm happy...had a small.and a big oh well..
wow, what a really disappointing machine
Brew Dreary Pour
would it be possible to add a better burr?
Why is making a coffee so complicated, just put the kettle on lad
I just bought this just to try,  it is a P of Sh.....  please don't buy it !!  Or get it but don't lose your recipe!! To return it ..  I never get my clock proper set up no info about it this is ridiculous
Don’t waste your money.
Never buy a product that includes the name of a famous person on the box!
This beast is certainly not for me, tho TBF James states that this design is better suited for darker roasts then he tests it with a lighter roast. I get if he likes lighter roasts but it is certainly not showing the product in its prime. To be clear, I am not defending this product, and would never buy it!
America uses grams for drugs no problem there. 🤣💙💛💜💚🤣
"Filthy" almost made me fall off my chair. :)
I want that coffee cup
How does he get out of there. Where is the door?
You lost me at adjusting the burr. Is that something you think normal people care about? Do you think I knew light roast coffee should be ground finer than dark roast? It's $100 and your first complaint is about something that makes no sense to complain about.
It sounds to me like if you just replaced the plastic burr with a metal one you could have a half assed decent machine.
The ground coffee remembered me of diarrhea in a toilet.
I haven't experienced any machine under 500 euro that has been able to beat Nespresso yet.
Didn’t know a coffee machine could be insufferable. Oh wait, that’s just Drew.
8:20 damm next day !
Thanks for sharing
It’s interesting that you call the designs by that company modern looking - this coffee machine at least looks quite vintage like a Smeg fridge or something to me
Yeah, somehow that was even worse than I anticipated.  A hundred dollars/euros can get you a decent used espresso machine and a manual grinder that would easily outperform this....thing. But we're not the audience for this product and I think this will sell well to its audience regardless if it makes good coffee or not.   I love every component of your content. I'd watch a review on pretty much anything in this format.
You should have tried making coffee with pre-ground coffee and therefore sidestepping the weak link in this brewer. $99 bucks for a machine that makes the coffee as you're waking up might be worth it IF it's able to do so with already ground beans ;?D
I want James to have a crack at voicing Attenborough documentaries, but also review the animals.
I know I’m late to the party here, BUT I feel like there was an opportunity missed to call this machine ‘Brew by Drew’… just saying
This just reminds me of the silly brand CREATE that basically sells small appliances with a slap of pastel colour on them. Our first device broke down within the first month. It’s just a marketing first company.
She also released a slim expresso maker and I would absolutely love if you made a review about it.
Why did I watch this? Why was it recommended?
drew’s brews
What brewer do you recommend?
Could you please review her new espresso machine? I’d love to know the differences
Kind of sad actually. It looks sorta nice, and the premise is certainly nice...and then the quite expected terrible result
Do I drink coffee? No. Am I looking to buy this coffee maker? No. But I will watch James Hoffmann review anything.
This looks really old fashioned to me. Aesthetically.
What a review! 👏🏼
IT'S IN GRAMS!
Draw Burr-more
The liquids are in ounces because all cup's capacities are given in ounces...   Cups need to change.
😍😍😍😍😍😍
James, why wouldn't you create your own line of quality coffee makers/brewers?? You have tested so many and you know what makers would require! Do it already, please 🙏
You get what you pay for.
I thought this was an espresso machine at first and I was like damn that's a good price for a grinder brewer. Major disappointment. Hahaha.
I would say this is aimed at keurig/starbucks coffee drinkers, not people who watch your videos. For me, it’s a good thing. If it can switch average coffee drinkers from kcups (and the waste they produce) to brewing straight from beans, I’m all for it.
id love to have it ground for me in the morning, but i feel like cleaning that basket is more work than grinding beans and chucking a paper filter.
Do you maybe have an opinion on the Philips grind and brew machine?
It's not worth 100$, it's not worth 1$. When companies go this far under budget for the real thing it just produces electronic waste straight from store shelves. Don't buy these, don't make these - save the planet. The companies should be held accountable for the garbage they spew.
2:54 Petition for manufacturers to include physical buttons always and everywhere. At least on my phone screen the touch surface seems way too hard distinguish from other surfaces.
I really like the look of it, I’m not really a coffee drinker my self but I do drink coffee because if I don’t I get a headache. What about using already grounded coffee??
Please review the KUKU coffee maker.
You can find bean to cup filter coffee makers for $20, this is overpriced.
V60 and a good grinder and throw away this machine
" Grinds fresh, Amazing!"  Just perfect like an 80s american tv ads! priceless 👍👍👍
Remember this is the same person that tried to hire scab writers to finish her show during a strike. I would not expect this to be a high-quality product with unique selling points.
This is great feedback that the company could take to heart. It would be amazing if they produced version 2.0 that addressed these issues. It sees like James has done them an amazing service by pointing out the flaws and also explaining how to fix them.
Wow, I was ready to buy this based on looks alone haha.  I think I'd chuck it in the bin.
Why didn’t you buy some dark roast and brew some coffee? Do a light and dark brew? It suggests dark roast for better results.. Either way im not buying it lol. I will stick with my $200 dollar Keurig. As they say in America….If it ain’t broke don’t fix it.
The keurig pods are designed for 8 oz cups.  By using the 10 oz setting, you are watering down the coffee even more.  This is probably how they can justify the 2 times better.  Is it possible to replace the burr with a metal one?  Nevermind.  I should have finished watching before commenting.  Those grinds looked nasty.
Metric the answer ??  What's the speed limit in the UK  ?
If a coffee machine has to cost thousands for James to enjoy a drink, either that drink isnt worth the effort or his taste buds have been too conditioned by commercialisation
Where is the machine made? Straight to the $9.99 bargain bin in Walmart.
Such a sad result when it’s sucha neat and interesting design.
I’ve spent 200+ on a BUNN so much money on Keurig’s and I don’t even drink coffee. My boyfriend does and I’ll buy him whatever he wants lol. I’ve been looking into beans lately. I think he would appreciate something like this.
I will stick with my Cuisinart Grind & Brew that I've had for about 15 years. Excellent coffee every time.
11:09 Sorry, is this a tea machine? Dear god the color of that… but I know a lot of people that will still call that “proper coffee” 🤣😂
I would love for you to review morning dream milk frother.
Sorry, I love your work; but you're missing the point. The coffee you are complaining about is orders of magnitude better than anyone buying a all in one from WALMART will ever care about. This is designed to make lower middle class Americans envious of middle middle class Americans. Brew quality wasn't in the requirements list.
Waiting for James’ Java machine… or something
Used wrong beans, complained that a coffee maker and grinder combo doesn't grind as well as a grinder that can cost 150 or more, this machine is obviously not for people like him. It should have been done in the perspective of comparing it to what its competing against which is a Keurig.
You should have a TV show James, 'how to make great coffee with your shitty coffee setup' advising the Jon Does of this world. Pretty sure with your experience about everything in the world of coffee this would be a great success and a joy to watch ;-)
Too many downsides for me.
Waking up with a fresh grind is genuinely incredible. I wish the moccamaster had a grinder
A bit disappointed that you couldn't go out and get some dark roast to try it out as intended. Your conclusions are probably still accurate, but us dark roast people want some attention too!
To compensate the flaws of this machine they are using celebrity… I would avoid this machine
Another piece of crap!! Where is all hate? Just paid publicity
Darn, it looked so cute. I wanted it until the taste review
It’s as good as her talk show
Cuisinart “grind and brew” has the same issue with fines but works fairly well.  It has the delayed brew  feature also. burr grinder with  strength select and grind control features. Holds a good amount (8oz) of beans, has a filter basket but also can use paper filters and a charcoal water filter and has the ability turn off the grinder.
From the perspective of a machinist, the cost of the burr makes sense. You pay for machining in minutes of cycle time.  More precision, more teeth, more facets on the teeth… it all takes time, hence money.
Oh, uh, naughty, you've combined metric and imperial, you might get an interdenominational hangover
If only there were people who could consult I. What a decent coffee maker needs to do.
I have something similar to this but at a higher price point.  It came out from De'Longhi last year and it's called the TrueBrew.  I know it's not perfect, but I've been pretty happy with it. I would love to see your take on it!  Thanks for all the thorough and entertaining content. Keep up the great work!
Does ''Brew Barrymore'' seems like a better name for the machine or am I too late for the party?
Can you please collab with @colinfurze and let him build coffee maker and grinder for you? :D
If you add a few drops of water before grinding I wonder if it would be better grind. I learned it from you, James. I learned it from you.
Maybe they could sell a proper burr as an add-on.
I’m new to coffee, so far I buy local roasted beans and use a burr grinder and a Areopress XL. Would like do get a Grind and Brew like the Breville Grind Control or the Cuisinart Burr grind and brew. Would love opinions on these types of grind and brews.
We recently purchased a Ninja coffee maker that has various settings. I'm not completely sold on it either. It doesn't grind, thankfully, I have a separate grinder. But, the coffee that is gotten from the machine is inconsistent and it's brew style tends to create channeling. Need someone to really "innovate" and not just market a coffee maker.
I have a great coffee bean blade grinder that cost less than £20.00. I control the fineness of the grind by listening to the noise from the blades. The higher the pitch, the finer the grind - simple!
What or who is 'Drew Barrymore'??? James, it's not SILT, it's SEDIMENT. Please get your terminology right.
"false burr grinder" - what the @#~'@!! is that James?
Exact-Extract technology - silly marketing slogan that insults the intelligence of anyone with at least one brain cell.
When totally inappropriate adverts are imposed on me the viewer, I make a note NEVER to buy the product or service being promoted. I'm sure others do the same.
No to Walmart
I always find it funny when british people make fun of americans because of the metric system. I've been to the UK, I've seen the road signs in miles and yards, guys. You're not fooling anyone.
I'll stick to my kettle and $12 french press 👌👌👌
Cool machine. Fun fact, the British are why the U.S. didn’t adopt the metric system.
Being only available from the USA is it 110 volt 🤔
I don't have this because i don't drink coffee. I do have the stand mixer though. I love it BUT the bottom of the bowl is a weird and not useful shape and it leaves a ton of your mixture behind because of the texture of the inside of the bowl. And I wish there was a glass bowl addition you could buy alongside.
Bitterness + sourness = double the flavor!
I might be the only one who cares about this, but I would love to see you do a review video comparing various different brands of Japanese pour-over style coffee packets. (I would be willing to translate package text etc. for you if the language barrier matters)
brewtiful
I had a Gaggia Type MM (from the 80's) with the same fake burrs as DBCM, but I designed and printed my own grinder for those burrs and with another motor that could be on for a while and not get to hot like the original did. It took about 6 minutes to torture 60 grams of coffee.  Now I've made my own grinder mk2 with Mazzer Major 83mm burrs and a large 140kv sensorless brushless outrunner motor based on Weber EG-1. It makes perfect fine grind for Bialetti Venus.
If the budget is small, I'd personally skip the machines alltogether. Get an 1zpresso Q2S handgrinder (~90-100)  or something similar along these lines, get yourself a V60 or an Aeropress. Boom. Good coffee and not much over the price of this thing.
What? I only read ounces.😂 Nope I’m not buying.
Missed opportunity...should call it the Drew Brew.....☕️☕️
Can you tell us about Percolator coffee pots?    My grandmother made the best coffee with a perc. pot but i can't seem to pull off the same :(   i have no idea how she did it.
Do you think it tastes better in the morning with  A. Grinding the beans with a nice grinder the night before and doing the preset time brew B. Grinding with the built in false burrs
You can even get second hand machines for around this price that will likely get you decent coffee at an intermediate level. This is purely a celebrity tie in
A good handgrinder costs more then that
But does it jump on my table and dance and flash its knobs?
Too bad they don’t have that lock out tech for a refrigerator. You would lose weight
It is a special type of comedy when James reviews some cheap stuff;)
Though all of us are compromised under capitalism, barrymore has recently (or maybe not so recently) gone to the dark side. She went against her own union's strike and is profiting off of labor exploitation in the u.s. and abroad. Hard no to her and her endorsed products.
Have you reviewed  the Breville/Sage "Grind Control" bean to cup filter coffee brewer?
I got the Drew toaster for my birthday. The first time I used it, it burst into flames and made a fire on my toast. 0/10. Do not recommend. I took it back and the girl was like “oh yeah… that’s not uncommon” 😂
A part of me feels like I've been drinking coffee for 15 years and still to this day not experienced a cup of coffee that you would consider to be good 😂 like where in the UK can I go to a coffee place that sells genuinely good coffee? These videos have made me want to at least experience a good cup of it without investing £500 or more into a machine and grinder.
you didn't have any dark coffee beans? that's hilarious.
sorry freedom units
Time has not been kind to you James.
If coffee could be a person, I feel like it would look and sound exactly like James. 🤔
I’ve only watched a couple of your videos but I learn soooo much each time I watch. I’m an ex-Starbucks employee, so it’s very fun for me.
Can you review the commercial bean to cup machines (Concordia Ascent maybe)? It’d be interesting to see how that equipment compares.
I dont care if its imperial or metric, make it harmonized ffs. Many years in the restraunt industry and i think every single spec book recipe i ever read mixed systems needlessly such as - 1 oz thyme - 2 Tbsp of rosemary - 28 Grams of chili flakes .......
I have a black and Decker that does this exact same thing with decent results for like half the price
Well that was an unexpected coffee machine review, love it!
why is it not called The Drew Brew
I just feel like this dude's gonna start drooling at anytime
If someone made after market metal burr replacements that would be a game changer
Who ASKED?
I would probably have to set this up the night before. Because trying to convert grams to ounces or vice versa would absolutely destroy my uncaffeinated brain.
I would've loved for it to have a Keurig section....
You didn't even go into how to clean the filter?!  You say a lot of words, but they don't really mean anything.  Imperial system for LIFE!
A regular Mr coffee espresso machine, just the plain one, no bells and whistles
Jack of all trades, master of none. Having a good grinder upped my coffee game by a lot, I feel like if you but a good burr grinder, any other cheap way to brew coffee will be better.
I think most people in the US drink weak coffee, probably because most people buy bad coffee.
I watch James' videos while drinking coffee. 😊
Do ypur Evan Williams in a blind with a high dollar bottle
People that would buy this product most probably do not know about your professional fancy coffee/water ratios. And they most probably would not buy "the lighter end of medium" super duper monkey shit coffee. Why would you test it like that?? No one will use it like that! Go buy a medium range supermarket coffee beans. This would have been a valid test. Otherwise it is just a description of the machine, not a test.
Too bad..her name is on it.
I love Drew but those kinds of makers aren’t my cups.. but I also would never buy anything from Walmart ever, if I can avoid it.. might as well buy broken stuff from temu as its all the same, pay a little more for quality and a good French press
In my opinion the best cup of coffee is made in the old fashion stove top percolators.  Bottom line.
The grind design is not supposed to grind hard light roasted beans.
Im glad I watched this. Bc it’s a beautiful design and a good price. I wasn’t expecting 5-star cafe quality coffee but knowing that it’s that bad is good to know. They’re probably betting on people like me buying based on design and price.
Disappointing that the white one costs $145.
Imagine the resources wasted to engineer and make this product that makes the worst coffee… yay
How is a grinder,v60 and kettle 200€? V60 plastic like 5-10€, kettle used 20-50€, grinder used 50-100€. Easy 100-150€. Buy used people forget that overconsumerist lifestyle
I'm allergic to coffee beans and yet I'm invested 😂❤
I am curious to hear your opinion or review on the BestCup pods.
After market burrs could be an option
With how known micro plastics are deadly does no one wonder why so many coffee makers have plastic where hot water goes?
I want to add my voice to please, please, pretty please, review the Breville Grind Control. One of my biggest questions is whether it is capable of brewing smaller amounts, say 21:350g, in a satisfactory way. Their video says it will, but with a larger basket, among other things, it is hard for me to imagine proper flow rate without grinding superfine, which isn’t good for several reasons, least of which it will clog the grinder. The small cup aspect of this brewer is what was appealing about this maker, in addition to the grinding and timer, but this machine obviously has too many problems to brew good coffee. Right now the only way I can find to brew smaller amounts on a timer is to put my Kalita 155 on top of a bonavita and grind the night before, but I can’t stand the idea of ground coffee sitting out overnight.
I guess for your average coffee drinker it works. But for a coffee aficionado its weak. I like my nespresso machine for my above average tastes. My dream is to own a de longhi system
i dont drink coffee and still watch your vids.
Orb one please ....
My take on The Wedding  Singer  "Oh, somebody Brew  me please Somebody Brew  me please I'm on your counter , pretty pretty please Brew me"
Certainly not worth the money. Just another poor quality product from Walmart with a celebrity name on it to cheat people. Does Drew Barrymore really need the money from the endorsement.
But 10oz is way too much for a K cup. So it has twice the flavor as watered down coffee from a K cup lol.
I live in America and metric is the answer. I mean if we switched to metric way back when  we would probably know what makes a man and a woman.
Not twice as much, 2x *more*. That's 60% extraction!
It’s so frustrating to me because Drew has the budget to come out with good high quality products. People would be willing to spend more $ on something that is QUALITY & that’ll actually last then on something that is “more affordable” but is cheaply made junk. I hate that EVERYTHING these days isn’t quality. We’re become such a wasteful & disposable society. It’s really quite sad and heartbreaking.
A proper grinder will last you right until the point you develop an overactive bladder and can no longer drink coffee 😭😭
I doubt she ever used one.
Moccamaster, make this but good.
🙏🏻😊
Drew, Barry, more power
这种机器很容易骗到刚接触咖啡的朋友，因为功能多价格便宜。
Hi James! I’m looking for a portable coffee maker, and it needs to heat up water or have hot coffee without me pre heating the water separately. I’ve only found espresso makers, specifically Omnia. What do you think about it and/or are there other options out there?
Is there anyway to upgrade the burr to a metal one?
Her makeup line was garbage..😊
nice review, i dont even drink coffee 😂
We grow coffee back home (blue mountains) and you’ve taught me more in this vid than we’ve ever been taught.😂. “It just a piece of bean”
Can you guys name all the books in the background? Some I get, some don't. Thanks!
Honestly, very well priced and stylish !
Thank you for this indepth demonstration.   It helped me make my decision on whether to purchase or not.
Great review. It's a dream of mine to have an all in one machine but still looking.❤️
Wonder if a moka coffee filter under the grounds would make any difference
You would think that someone coming up with a coffee maker like this would have consulted someone like James first, especially given the stakes of putting your name on it.  A machine that has that much gunk all over it, after just a couple of uses, is going to give off mouldy and rancid flavor in a month or two... not to mention all that plastic.  Maybe the question should be how did they produce a coffee maker for $99 in the first place.  If you only get a year out of it, the value proposition might be misleading.
After burning through 2 Breville Grind Control coffeemakers all in the space of 3 years; I've decided that "onboard" grinding isn't worth it.
Where does all this shit go when you're tired of it or it fails? It doesn't just dissappear people. The Earth suffers for all the unecessary materialism. Pitiful all of us.
i wonder why u don't have a video about the most common coffeemachine phillips senseo. any reason?
I still want to try it! I’m a fully automatic guy, mostly using De’Longhi these days. In the US market it’s hard to get anything but oily dark roasts unless you’re into specialty roasters— so I can see how this could be a good introductory / gateway device and bean type recommendation.  By your review I spent a lot of thought on the target market and at the price point I think they should take your advice and keep trying 😊
The USA is always a mix of units, just most people here are unaware when there is metric.  Motors are given in CCs, same as medicine, 3d priinting,  nutritional information will be mg of caffine per 8oz of drink and for all scientific calculations.  Imperial is better for wood-working / building 2x4 stick construction homes, miles travel, and comfort settings hvac (Celsius units are too big imho).
does a good version of this exist? maybe up to around 200-250.
I find filter coffee very dissapointing at the best of times, this to me seems like a total waste of money, if i had to drink filter id get a cafetiere, but to be honest id rather drink Nescafe original than have to clean one out. Honest as always James 👍🏼.  Ive not seen a video about the other pod machine in my world the Tassimo, any reason?
Looking at that sad pale brown liquid, I'm getting flashbacks to the coffee from all the terrible coffee machines I've used in US hotels. This video really needs some kind of content warning.
Did James remove his video on Starbucks Oleato? If so, anyone knows why?
I feel like a criminal here on this channel with my cheap plastic kettle combined with the finest supermarket branded instant coffee.
The contrast on that display looks horrible! My old man eyes would struggle to see anything and I'm sure I'm not alone...
James, just throwing this out there, this is most likely designed for america's oldest selling grocery store chain coffee. Eight O Clock, which does sell whole bean. (in the old days Eight O Clock had an adjustable grinder sitting close by) Just whole bean, the bean is the bean. no light, no dark, a general purpose cup of joe. This machine might be best described as competition to common petrol station brew coffee which sits there for who knows how long.  So throwing a specialty bean in of any sort is going against the idea of what can a commoner american be able to get by with.  PS: Many petrol/gas stations now have high quality grind as you go, with three beans to chose from. Come over to Charlotte, NC and we'll review them. The major brand petrol/gas station is called Circle K.
I know some aficionados may turn up their noses at this, but I just use a pour over pot, my kitchen scale and a medium quality (hand-) grinder. The whole setup cost me maybe 100 bucks as well. I do concede I might not get every little percent of quality out of my coffee, but I can still produce a pretty fine cup. And honestly, I don't think my palate is refined enough to appreciate that last bit of quality I am missing out on, anyway.
And now I want to hear from DREW 😳
I would like you to review the grind and brew from  Cuisinart
Metric system should be the answer to all and I have no idea why after all these years and proofs that it is in fact superior in every single way didn't America adapt the metric system as well.
You need to bring back the moustache from the Makita video.
About 20 years ago I bought one for my mom that grinds and brewed an entire pot of coffee and it was her favorite maker to this day. It was around $180 and I think a black&decker and it did last a good 10 years or more. I’m looking for a single serve with a grinder cause she won’t stop going on about her favorite coffee maker and she can’t drink a whole lot of coffee anymore.
Brew Darrymore does not know a thing about coffee let alone coffee machines, maybe a grill next?
I’m not really an expert on coffee machines but I’ve always wanted the cartridge-based ones that can go for over $100 and in the beginning I used to buy used ones from Goodwill.  Which for a while was OK but they didn’t last long even though I was getting them for a very low price.  So for a while I just kind of started saving up but then as I was looking I found a brand of coffee machine that is produced or distributed by Walmart for 20 bucks.  And the thing is it’s dual usable where you can either use cartridges or you can brew coffee.  And I understand that there is a big demand for grinding coffee machines but I feel like I made a good purchase with the one I bought plus it’s low tech it’s pretty simple and if it did happen to break a $20 price tag is still pretty acceptable.
I’m to the point where “celebrity products” or endorsements just tell me to run the opposite way. It’s all a moneygrab from people who don’t know any better. I’m sure it’s a step up from Keurig, but that’s a pretty low bar.
I wonder if you changed the plastic burs with something better if it would be good?
Drew cant brew
Boiled chestnut water. Most people use the term coffee lightly. That is not coffee, period.
walmart $99 piece of trash.
A pretty sleek machine. it's unfortunate however the hot water is first hitting plastic then all the plastic water is brewing into your coffee. hot and fresh plastic particles for your morning brew.
16 minutes of coffee snobbery
The Breville Barista Express - All In One Espresso Machine has got to be one of the most common espresso machines, It would be amazing if you could do a video on how to pull good shots with just this. Many of us don't have the money / time/ counter space to have separate grinders and such. If you could do a video on how to get the most of the Breville Barista Express, without having to use an extra grinder and all that, that I think would be great content for all!
Btw you can silence the beeping. 🤫
Very concise, in depth review. Her products are indeed Beautiful but leave one wanting better performance
You bastard.....I can't stop watching your videos.    They are as addictive as my morning, afternoon, and nighttime cups of Joe.    Kudos to becoming an internet sensation.
What did the basket look like after a brew? Did the grounds settle or remain all over the place?
Does Drew have a commercial for this James can recreate?
It looks so pretty
it's impossible for me to buy this after watching this video till the end
I would've liked to see a comparison between this and a Keurig and a cheap drip coffee machine with a cheap grinder. I feel like putting it in that perspective would be more beneficial to the kind of people that want cheap low effort coffee
I’m amazed on how he thinks way to much in to it, it’s a coffee machine for goodness sake. 😂🤓🙄
Watery, thin drip-coffee is still better than water running over beans.  But still thin, watery, absent of most flavor.  But a lotta folks hate flavorful coffee - here's a cheapo way to get lowest-flavored coffee.
If it's not expresso it's not coffee. Just dirty dish washer water. 🤢
What an absolute mess 😂😂😂
Would love to see you test the new Clover Vertica that Starbucks use in their new stores. As a shareholder I really hope it makes better coffee.
Looks like coffee pods are this thing's main competition based on aesthetics and ease of use... and its losing at that considering the amount of third party manufacturers that are releasing good grounds in pods.
Huge props on the Black Books reference at 16:11  Thanks for the video, a shame that this product misses the mark in some fundamental ways, but I guess that's a result of the price point and target market proposition: an all-in-one device that's affordable that looks good and prioritises ease of use over fidelity. A shame, but for a lot of people hopefully it'll serve as a great gateway to better coffee down the road.
13:16 Right here is when I cried in Puerto Rican. That looks blonde! How’s that the standard for strong? Nope in a rope. ¡Jamás! 😏
lazy, Unnecessary, inefficient, impractical.   Few products summarize what's wrong with society more than this. Just get a moka pot. edit: thought it used cartridges, my bad but I still don't get it though.
16:11 A soundbite for @hamesjoffmann 😃
I dunno.  $60 Timemore Chestnut Grinder + $10 Bodum French Press  > most coffee machines.      TBH, it blows my mind that there's some many more expensive, hard to use setups, with mediocre results.
Donaghy Estates.
But! Can it be hacked to brew better?  For instance, is it in any way possible to put real burs in it? Would it be helpful to play around with AeroPress filters or any sort of modded paper filter just in the bottom of the basket to perhaps slow down and increase extraction a tad? And can it even brew hot enough for a light roast?  Yeah, this is obviously way too much labor and extra costs for hacking a dirt cheap all-in-one grinder and brewer. 😅 But it's those sort of "can a cheap brewer brew better"-experiments I find really interesting.
Well that’s disappointing. At the price point I was considering getting one for regular and decaf. Thanks for another great review
How does it work with a standalone grinder? Can you make it brew good coffee?
Never seen a man put a coffee machine in it's place more politely.
Excellent product ❤
george foreman wishes he thought of this first
Everything is starting to look like the 70's again.
i have a fifteen twenty year old Braun bur grinder thats works beautifully. grounds need to be kleened after each use. i have a small spatula near just for that. i can't imagine the mess this chunk makes....
Fun fact: 2 times "more" flavour than 20% actually implies 60%, so you are being generous here
I dont like coffee , i think im lost ☹
Cheers from Germany!  There is a new 'Trend'-Hack where people grind their coffee in handblenders (wrapped in clingfilm to close the system). May want to try it?
😊 thanks for this fair and thorough review.  I’ve had a Capresso grinder for over a decade and recently bought a Capresso 5 cup I’ve been loving, but this would have been a better solution.  The grinder functionality sounds perfect if only it had a metal burr.  Too bad. Thanks for saving me from a bad buying decision.
Face it.  Most people will buy this because it looks good on her counter.
I bought this coffee maker a couple weeks ago when it first hit stores…. I LOVE IT!
That bipping kills it for me
Suggestion: try Incapto next! It's their direct competitor and I was undecided between the two
Could you improve it? CNC a better burr, take out the speaker, program better brewing times, a better filter basket and compare it in price to a better set up?
Wondering if you could Frankenstein the grinder with a new burr grinder that is metal in place of the plastic.
Thank you for telling us what we already knew... You're not going to get a good combination grinder/ brewer for $99. Maybe for a college dorm where the kids don't really care this would be great but as much as I wanted to like it, I knew what you were going to tell us, lol.
Can it be upgrade ? Changing the burr, and customize the software ? I have an automatic brewer from Krups at work, and its good coffee, but can it be better with some upgrade. I also have an aeropress et Timemore G1 grinder, and the coffee roaster is just next door when I have time.
In short , not worth buying
The abhorrence of pretentiousness with food and drink, perpetuated to perfection.. reminds me of that awful Jilly Goolden woman and her pomposity riddle, wine tasting reviews... it's coffee.. just drink it!
The only coffee that I had was while I was in the military, so I hate coffee with a white hot passion. Good on people who like coffee, but for me, it was just a hot nasty drink that had caffeine in it to help me stay awake. Nice to watch someone who is passionate about coffee, and its entertaining to watch!
It's kind of a shame. It can't cost *that* much more do put a basic burr grinder in it. Even if it elevates cost to make the thing by $50, sell it for $150 and it's probably a much better machine for still fairly affordable. If you could keep it at $150 with a burr grinder *and* fix (or at least improve) the basket issue, the convenience of auto-brew would make it a very appealing product
That looked like toilet water.
Brew Nevermore
Drew, Barry, more coffee.
I have a Cuisinart 12-cup coffeemaker with built in grinder. I’ve had it at least ten years. It was fairly expensive, but I feel like I’ve gotten my money’s worth over the years.
Was the orange sweater a conscious choice - kinda matches the box…😂
Would love for you to review “Kuku Maker”.   It’s made in Taiwan and currently crowd funding but the only review videos that are out are by them.   Sounds very sketchy but if it’s real, it could be revolutionize the espresso world!
I don't have that machine, but I have a set up like it.  I bought about 10+ years ago a cheap "conical burr" grinder which I thought was great.  But now that I've been watching your videos I now know better that it sucks.  And this monster you demoed to me just rolled all my bad coffee habits into one slick package. I normally use a french press to brew with and I've taken to brewing more than the recommended amount of coffee to get the strength I want at a cost of flavor which causes me to use sugar and milk.  Of course my first exposure to coffee was in the Navy. On my first ship the coffee was brewed through and anchant machine which hadn't been cleaned in years and was once a participant in a gross prank involving a bodily fluid.  So is it any wonder I got used to cream and sugar?
3 = "Out comes y' burr 😐"
Boo metric! YAY FRACTIONS!
Complain about burrs, coffee strength.....   It's a $99 coffee maker - relax!
The fact that they slapped a b list celebs name on this thing means at bare minimum it is over priced.
Americans weigh things in grams too.. lol
Loved this video! One part got me thinking and experimenting: the volume in isn’t exactly always volume out. You lose a lot to water retention/absorption by the ground coffee. I tested this and it turned out to be true. So this machine could very well be using the right amount of water. But the coffee coming out isn’t the same. Would be interesting to see what other tests you can do around this idea.
It's sold at Walmart, I wonder if it's also sold at Asda.
I bet the metal burr being nixed is what helped keep the cost lower. Also the idiocy of the device that siphons the grounds once they are ground. They needed to ensure the device could siphon the grounds in the middle only, and do it at a rate of speed that doesn't clog the machine. I can't. It's giving "I'm stupid I'll buy it"
Can you do a review on Ninja coffee makers? Im in the market to buy one since it has all the bells and whistles like you mentioned, but i also want to make sure I'm getting a good cup of coffee. Thanks in advance!
Bought a DeLonghi all in one espresso machine for 350 euros in Barcelona (was on sale) this past summer (ended up getting about it euros back from the IVA/VAT with my US passport. Did have to buy a transformer to use it in the states, though..about 80 dollars via Amazon. A comparable DeLonghi machine here in the US via Amazon is about $800. Love the machine…my wife opts for “coffee”, I do a doppio and add in warm milk and sugar…don’t like using the steamer/frother.  Just wish the water tank was larger.
All you had to say was walmart.
Drew Brewmore
Lol nah all good thanks mate
Honestly if they did the same thing but actually good, with proper burs and temperature/flow control, but twice oк even three times more expensive, I'd buy it in a heartbeat.
Let's be honest, we all knew the conclusion before we even clicked on the video, we just wanted to hear this thing get mercilessly wrecked by words of truth.
I guarantee someone will modify this thing until it makes half-decent coffee, they always do. Someone's going to throw some expensive burrs in there at minimum
Frankly I think these overengineered things miss the point of just having a coffee mill and an italian coffee pot. Together it's like, what? 30€ for both things? and then you just supply it the coffee
Sorry, not watching this. Drew Barrymore, one of my all time favorites, is cancelled. She tried to restart her show during the writers strike. That is not something she gets to walk back. She chose it, she did it... she's gone. Went from being top on my list of 5 to persona non grata. I humbly request not featuring any of her wares.
After this fantastic review, this product belongs in the Walmart catalog of products, which is Walmart.
The only bean you need in your cup is. Drew Barrymore
why u never review ese pad machines?
"Sorry America" says the Briton whose country invented the measurements slowly being replaced by the French 🤢
No need to apologize, we've been using the wrong system for far too long. Also, that is a very American device. Corporations think they know best.
James, why don’t you make a “budget” all in one? Or work with a coffee company that does? It’s really good feedback on the equipment, I feel like an extra £20-30 on the price and your input could get what you want from it
Kind of disappointed he didn't try out the "grind your own coffee" setting as a comparison
Coffee people are weird.
I'm ok with any system of measurement as long as quarts and ounces(Fluid or otherwise) are excluded.
Drew Brewmemore.
Better alternative??
White LED on pale green. We can barely see the anything on the video, imagine in broad daylight.
So the B in the front stands for bland?
It looks like that would make far better coffee if you used a separate grinder.  This proved again how critical a decent grinder is to making coffee.
This is the problem with celebrity-endorsed products like these. They have a lot of pull in the marketplace because people recognize them, and with recognition comes trust. "Oh, this coffee machine is very cute, and Drew Barrymore made it, so it must be good, right? Surely America's sweetheart wouldn't put her name on something that wasn't good." The company that makes these products (among others), purposely makes a product that ticks certain boxes—the grinder suggests a more 'artisanal' cup of coffee similar to what you'd get at a local coffee shop, a bold brew for iced coffee which is likely more popular in the demographic they're targeting (more than likely 25-49 y/o females, specifically busy professionals and/or moms), it's very pretty in a sort of minty sage green and gold, which ties in with the current popular aesthetic of bold kitchen cabinets with gold hardware and mid-mod decor, they used Drew Barrymore who is instantly recognizable by the median target audience of around 35 y/o as they all remember her movies from the 90's and early aughts...  There's a lot of very specific marketing and targeting with this product (as there is with similar products like toasters, air fryers, knives, storage containers, etc.). Selling a functional, but sub-par product at a price that undercuts the competition (which is arguably small because there are very few bean-to-cup systems, if any) to people that likely wouldn't know the difference between a cup of coffee ground by hand and perfectly brewed and a Dunkin K-Cup is pretty brilliant. They'll sell tons of these, and in a few years when the grinder quits working or the filter seizes up or whatever, they'll just end up on shelves, and eventually thrift stores. Meanwhile, Drew will get her royalty, the company will make several-hundred-percent profit on each one sold, and they'll do it all again with another product and another famous person. For Target or Nordstrom or Macy's or whatever.   I'm not surprised this machine wasn't 'better' or even 'good.' It's not meant for people that love good coffee. It's meant for people that love the IDEA of good coffee.
I never buy celebrity endorsed gadgets until I needed a chopper/grinder for non-coffee related reasons. It’s a James Martin one and I’m impressed so far (chopping and grinding). I’d burned out the motor of my Braun and a Ninja hadn’t ground fine enough before I smelled too-hot plastic again and stopped. The little JM pulverised particularly well imho. Going to try coffee beans now (always bought ground because I usually can’t be arsēd with faffing about when I need a cup).  Anyone else have an opinion? It wasn’t expensive and can be used for more than just beans so seems good value to me.
Europeans learn like 14 languages to go 200 miles to the west, but complain about the Imperial system...
well maybe 2 times more flavour than water :)
Looks the part, but can't perform - at least she'll only endorse in her own image!
I think this is perfectly suited for the person that would buy it. They "like" coffee, they'll use dark roast beans, and it'll make an acceptable cup.  I'm going to buy one of these for my daughter
Good rule of thumb. If it’s endorsed or created by a celebrity, do not buy it. More money went into their pocket then the quality of the product.
I didn't hear about this but somehow I was always ready for this review.
James I love your reviews of coffee gear that mere mortals can afford, but I'm always left with one question at the end: if you have a budget of say £150, what would you actually recommend as the best way to get a consistently good cup of coffee at home every day?   Pre ground and a v-60? A bean to cup machine? A cheap standalone grinder and espresso machine?
What do you expect from a 99 dollar machine? I expect it was made in the far east, usually the retail price is three times the landed cost which means it has to be manufactured, packaged and shipped to the destination with duty paid.  This cost is then trebled to reach a selling price.  Don’t forget to get it manufactured they first had to design it, then make mock up models for testing, then it goes into mass production.  The packaging has to pass a drop test, it has to conform to new packing (environmental) rules, the actual brewer needs to pass safety tests for electrical use (on all it components), this is expensive, the box design is expensive and so is shipping, these costs come down if spread over a large production. The celebrity endorsement could be 5% of sales plus an upfront fee. I would guess the actual cost of the machine to be around 20 dollars. What kind of quality can you expect for that?  It would have been so much better to have a decent burr grinder and charge more.  They would have been far wiser to ask James to help with the design and have his face on the box!
Im confused on why the machine screen is so hard to read- imagine having a glare on that. yikes.
Based on your review of this device I can tell someone didn't had their morning coffee
oh come on. you *know* this isn't intended for light beans. the intended customers probably aren't aware that beans come other than pretty dark or very dark (aka *VERY STRONG* flavor for gourmet drinkers). have you not seen the whole bean section in a supermarket? pick a packet at random and it will be a dark roast. you'd be the sort of twat who buys a spray painting gun and squeezes a tube of Windsor & Newton cadmium yellow into the tank before taking it back to the shop to have a big sook. yes the grinder is a horrific fistula of misery, but we already knew light roasts were going to be horrible. if literally anybody cares about you doing a taste test, they want to know if a dark roast is better or worse than nespresso, or instant, or the stuff you scrape off burnt toast. and finally, i know this thing isn't getting any awards, but you *might have noted* the genius of using a coffee grinder to rouse people from their flatulent slumber after a late evening of malt liquor
I want this. I’ll buy it I’ll wrap it and I’ll gift it to someone that deserves it.
what would you expect from a US coffeemaker. Us Europeans traveling over there refer to US coffee as dirty water. Though I would never say this but long live Starbucks. My US colleagues seemed to think the dunkin doughnut coffee to be one of the best available...
Any chance you can do a series on office coffee machines like the scanomat or duke de jong NIO.
A good grinder costs %150.00.
This looks good for university students in their dorm rooms
The real question is does it taste better than a pod coffee maker?
How about the completely inaccessible design of the LED screen? White on white?
Could you replace the removable grinder part with a better quality part and get a better outcome?
Hilarious and satisfying ❤
I think they're charging $20 more because of Drew Barrymore
I almost got excited that this existed, really too bad
Drew has a history with Walmart. Almoat eveytht she does starts with being exclusive at Walmart initially. Her make-up brand started there exclusively over a decade ago, her furniture line started there a few years ago. The products arent made under any partnership with Walmart, its simply a distribution deal thay guaranteed her shelf space in their retail stores and a platform for selling online at the same time.
Just subscribed just realized that I'm tired of looking you up all the time lol
I’d like to know what the basket looks like after brewing
seems like after that experience, it's "Brew Nomore"
@9:31  Looks like my toilet after a night out at Taco Bell
But how loud is it? how many decibels?
my jaw dropped when he showed us the grind
any chance i could replace the burr with a metal oem burr?  this could fix the burr issue no?  even though you can't change the depth/height of the burr
Sadly, price tag alone tells you everything you need to know. Visually appealing, functionally unsatisfying.
This could have been a 30 second video
Even though I'm a metric all the way kind of guy but some recipes especially around the use of eggs favors the imperial system a bit more when comes to volume measurements, of course weight doesn't matter but in volume the imperial system does a better job thus a simple cake using similar recipes in metric and imperial volume measurements always turns out better in imperial.  But don't run your victory lap yet Americans because pretty much everything else in cooking favors metric far better.
This is exactly what I have been wanting, but after your review... I'll keep looking and be willing to pay more. Thank you for your review.
Have you tried the JoGo straw? It's a coffee filtering straw.
No idea why I’m watching this. But I am. And rather enjoying myself.
False burr grinders… oh dear, seems I might have one….. :-(
As soon as you said you’re better off using Dark Roast…i said nope. Why cheap out on something that only grinds practically brittle beans and its enough to squeeze with your pinkie fingers. Sounds like stale coffee beans work best 😂
Really loved and enjoyed your video!
Please review the K-Cup® pods
Is there a product like this with better quality?
I just use a French press makes amazing coffee.
James's expression when it beeps after he takes out the basket is me all the time.
I wonder if coffee nerds can buy a coffee from a kiosk or petrol station anymore and be like "Ahhhh this gets me going" :D
I have her drip coffee maker and kettle and they're sufficient. I like that they match and are solid and pretty.
i wonder if amberlynn reid will buy this
Came for the thumbnail, stuck aroung for the result, subbed for the voice <3 Most soothing commentator voice ever <3
James can you do ninja coffee maker ce251. I know you did some sca models but would love to hear your opinion on it.
Imperial was made by Britain 🇬🇧 lol
coffee machines are useless gizmo's like electric can openers. a french press works better and costs less.
Some people take coffee wat too seriously.  The machine makes a fine cup of coffee.
They should put a picture of you in the dictionary next to the word pretentious
No paper filter? That knocks me out bc the coffee that I use is pre-ground and too fine for metal filters. It clogs the metal strainer.
It must be amazing since it’s exclusively side by wall mart. Let’s see AVE the man from hoth tear this down
The mismatched plastic colours would drive me nuts
Thank you, James, for talking me out of buying this product.
LOL!!! I drink McDonald's coffee and perfectly okay with that.
Thats not coffee. thats stained water
You have to keep in mind that it costs $100, can’t be compared to higher end machines. Compare it to equally priced machines.
Like everything at Walmart from coffee grinders to Televisions to shirts, it is half ass mid to low level quality. That being said, a lot of people (and I mean a lot) do not have the funds to buy nice things so Walmart offers ok things. Also, many people might not have the taste buds or the ability to distinguish between good coffee or a good video image so they would not know or appreciate the difference enough to spend outside of their means. I think for a massive amount of people they might find this product to be ultra cool.
great review
a shame really, because it's a pretty nice machine.    I wonder if a good grinder would make it much better.
It's interesting, really, because you can get a proper set up for proper coffee making for just a tad more than the $99 this costs (Timemore C2 [$69], Cleverdripper [$25], and a Hamilton Beach electric kettle [$36]), but I get that some folks just... don't want to or don't know to be bothered with making coffee, and hands-off convenience is its own selling point. This just makes me wish this product was better so that the people who believe, rightly or otherwise, that this fits their individual needs would be drinking objectively better coffee 🫤
This sold me on it lol
The moment I saw the color of the coffee, I said "No God, noooo!"
Can you review PHILIPS 3200 Serips Fullv Automatic Fspresso Machine? I want to know if it can produce good coffee. The auto feature is attractive.
I was expecting from the minute 1 a dramatic ending that includes a trash can performance tbh
We should be getting half-roasted beans, and using them in machines which finish them off. Before coffee going extinct, dark roast DB Coffee "Is A Motion [through the decades that life carries us through]". However, it should be able to finish off the roasting process as well. And there should be a picture of a coffee plant on it.
Using inches and ounces needs to be more embarrassing than breaking up over text.  Insisting on keeping a worse standard limping along makes the whole world more expensive.
CVA7440GG Miele Coffee System I think it looks great and is outrageously priced. I would prefer countertop equipment for access and ability to select equipment. My spouse likes preserving counter space and convenience. Is it any good? Is it worth not maintaining a second vehicle?
Buying coffee from an American would be like buying comedy from a Swede. You can learn to like it but it takes a lot of marketing to call it coffee/comedy.
I absolutely love Drew Barrymore but I can't think of any reason why I would buy a kitchen appliance with her name on it.
Agh, i was genuinely hoping this would be good because my initial impression was "Celebrity, it's gonna be absolute garbage". Great idea for a product though.
It looks like a Nespresso knock-off without the convenience of a Nespresso.
not paper filtered? hard pass.
a friend of mine had something similar, just no grinder, the Russell Hobbs Buckingham Digital Filter Coffee Machine 20680. It was ok, can't say  it was the best nor the worst but tbh i always preferred moka or french press coffee so idk
He roasted Brew Darrymore
I appreciate your only topic of conversation is coffee but it has to be said ... You seem to be the most interesting and well informed individual I have ever seen presenting anything on YouTube. Thanks for the reviews and videos
I wonder if it bends the knee and hugs books before bed too...
How does James get out of his kitchen? Vault the cabinets?
Brew Coffeemore
From scabbing to scamming. How surprising!
Metric? In america? This product will fail
Getting definite 1970's vibes from the look, colour and style of the machine. The rounded edges, the beige and brown "bakelite" look. I was thinking, "the only thing missing is that classic 70's orange"... and then he pulled out that box!! LOL. It totally looks like he found this in a thrift shop!
At least it's more useful than Gwyneth Paltrow's candles.
When are we going to see the James' coffee machine?
Your accent and cadence make me consider ending it all
Metric > imperial, and I'm American. Metric is so much better. I think there's a conspiracy to keep imperial measurements in the USA to confuse the population, so people don't have spare brain power to think about how corrupt our government is. Rip jfk
Prefaced with: light roasted coffee is going to taste bad with this, ok lets brew light roasted coffee, waaaa it tastes bad…
Is that the "Union Buster" model?
this thing is for the laymans. not for the enthusiasts. those who "just" drink coffee. those who get cheap low quality flavored beans and be good with it. too much nitpicking for the price and for its target people/market 😅
I love when Europeans learn that American advertising does not have an enforced truth requirement, and they can just say whatever they want on packaging and in ads.
Why does every small appliance manufacturer think everyone loves beeping
I don't care if it produced the nectar of the god's, I don't support scabs...
Howdy James from Texas! My name is Sam & I'm new to your channel. I tend to stay away from anything celebrity endorsed. They are one of the big reasons we have so many problems in America! Anyway, I look forward to seeing more of your coffee videos. Great job!
Garbage
That “sorry America” felt personal 😂😂. I love James haha!
Not interested in buying the product btw, but I'm interested to see what the extract would look like when you grind your own coffee and use that.
So basically, hot garbage.
I'm left curious about what it tastes like with dark roasted beans - I mean in America that's generally what they use so its a bit unfair to pass judgement  on the machine without using the kind of beans it was designed for, instead of judging for what you wanted it to be.  Am I being harsh?
A cool idea that can't exist at that price point yet but I think someone else will figure it out in the future.
I'm not one to buy coffee makers based on Celebrity endorsements, but I am interested in good coffee makers. Is this Brew 'Barrymore' Coffee maker any good? How is it any better than my 2-in-1 Cuisinart 'Keurig' pod and fresh grind coffee pot maker? By the way, my coffee makers is the Cuisinart SS-15 12-Cup Coffee Maker and Single-Serve Brewer. So far, it's doing a fine job at making coffee, but I do wonder if I am missing out on something better. I also have the Cuisinart DGB-550BKP1 Grind & Brew Automatic Coffeemaker (12 Cup, Black), but I put it in storage to make counter space for my forementioned Cuisinart maker; ideally for the K-cup 'Keurig' feature. I'm not getting fresh grind in my maker; I have to do that manually (externally). But that's the sacrifice I made for now.  Oh, as for actual Keurig brand coffee pod makers, I've gone through at least 3 of them so far; sadly, they do not last long. Costco was good enough to replace two of them, but I just let the third one go to try out a new maker; this one is the Cuisinart SS-15 model, and it is working out very well so far, about 2 or 3 years now.
What is a good version of this idea?
What is a good version of this idea?
Damn, I wanted to buy this.  Weak coffee and that mess of a grind is a hard no.  Thanks friend.
It's being sold exclusively at WalMart. This product is not marketed to coffee nerds. It's marketed to women who load their coffee up with artificially flavored creamer. I'd say for them this is a good enough product, tbh.
So James, if you were to put YOUR name on a coffee maker, what would that look like?
can you do marshawn lynch’s beastmode blender lmfao
Thanks for calling out the BS
A product entirely made for the American market and American palate. Add a movie stars name to it and they'll buy it in there droves.
What was metric? Ounces, grams….imperial
this reviewer would have a stroke if he saw how badly designed every element of a Techivorm is. But somehow, I bet he loves them.
That coffee even looks awful
이사람 커피에 진심이라 좋네
It makes American piss coffee not espresso
I wish you could see the coffee makers at my job! They’re commercial self-serve with a touch screen to select your bean (3 options in each machine!) and the size of your cup. They definitely have an uneven grind, but every other bit about the machine is so interesting to me
Sorry, America says No to Metric... but unless you are going to replace 200 years of cook books, recipes and measuring devices used in cooking, its going to stay Imperial for the next century.
As An American who was a barista at a few different shops, America needs to lose the war for systems. Grams is better than ounces lol.
Thanks James..beep..beep..beep...for the great... beep..beep..beep... review. Even though the coffee maker...beep..beep..beep... was trying to upstage you with all the beeps...
Nop😂 no thank you. Don’t support scabs that cross picket lines
But Drew likes it....😂😂
I can tell you her airfryer is mid. randomly at any point of the cooking process, the time cuts down to 1min and the fryer stops working and your food is left uncooked. Happens about 50% of the time. Also, it uses about 1500w of power but doesn't have a ground pin on the outlet cable... kind of unacceptable.
Conclusion - Nice looking Drew, but a bad cup of brew? But great to watch as always James :)
Seems like you set it up for failure by not choosing the preferred settings.
I liked mine at first but after a week it seemed to start degrading and also it was a pain in the butt to keep clean. It was a mess inside and I had to clean it each and every time I wanted to make another cup of coffee.
wowowow
sold out in all the colours mmm
[x] Rekt [  ] Not Rekt
Well done ... most people would just make a list of the most expensive coffee makers  and call it a review when they're really just peddling trash for clicks .  One thing that's always hard to tell is how long something is going to last ,  it seems like the more moving parts or functions it has the more likely it is to break down in a short time .
"it mixes imperial AND metric."   Just like everyone else in america.
Oh dear lord.... the horror at 9:48!
Brew dare we more lol
We just need a Hoffman line of products with a reputable Coffee grinder / Coffee Maker, Not that influencer cheap stuff, a proper collaboration and decisions, nothing is perfect but quality needs to be paid. But there is so much stuff around that is difficult to have solid options with different budgets available in different countries
American here. Metric is better.
We don't use the metric system because it sucks and by the way you guys use the unit of weight to name your currency!
Just give me my Foglers Crystals and I'm a happy camper. A teaspoon into a cup, hot water... and in 5 seconds, Bob's your uncle. 🙃
You should go into production to create your own £99 (or there abouts) coffee machine that has a good brew! I would kickstart that!
Quisinart makes one that I used for a decade. When it sprang a leak Quisinart sent me a new one. oh, and I think it makes decent coffee but I'm not a scientist.
omg drew barrymore is selling everthing...
No word on water temp.  If it doesn't heat the water to 200F, it's a waste of money. It's probably 190F, just like Keurig. ⬇
would like some input was it worse than instant coffee , at owhat point is it better than instant coffee
anyone that buys products at WALMART based upon "celebrity" names deserves this type of coffee....
I've owned a Cuisinart Grind & Brew I got for $75 10 years and works perfectly fine. Though I do prefer a bur grinder, it still does a perfectly fine job.
Boy the accessibility for the visually impaired on this device is awful. It's hard to read for me at 20/20 vision, I can't imagine my mother trying to use this with her eyes.
For those who like their coffee scabby!
Whenever I see a celeb attached to a product i always presume its a product that can't stand up on its own merit.
New subscriber, I would love to see you review some speciality Indian coffees and opine on how they compare to your favourites. Blue tokai is doing some great stuff here
How did this taste with the pre ground feature and you grinding properly?
Hmm I'm interested ... go on ...
Its clearly designed with the grounds clumping over the uncovered half of the filter in mind so its kinda unfair to critique the end result of it after spreading them evenly in the filter so its not brewing as its designed to brew. Ofc its gonna be thin when half the coffee grounds arent where theyre designed to be. Im not saying it would be amazing when used correctly, but it would be slightly better.
As an American, thank you, coffee, for waging war on our weird measurements.
Stop everything! Did James just say "16 oz brew"?
I guess she Brews better than she Drews.
Makes a nice sock soup
I think this machine might be prime for modding. (I.e. the group of us who use air pop makers to roast beans and fiddle around with lower cost experimentation). I don’t have one so I haven’t examined the mechanism yet, but an aftermarket burr cartridge and potentially some adjustment in size might be doable.  And then the basket might be able to be refined.   So possibly some decent aftermarket upgrades.  Taking out the controller and tossing in an arduino would probably be ideal, but it would also go beyond average consumer installation.  I don’t really mind most celebrity endorsed products.  Usually they tend to be on the lower end, but not always.  Most of the time the manufacturer has the product designed, pitches the idea to the celebrity and gives them some minor style choice decisions.  So there is not much the celebrity was involved in.  At the end of the day most of it really depends on the manufacturer.
“Filthy”  You said it Coffee Daddy. 😉 ☕️
Tchibo makes a solid option
I don't know; I've found even a blade grinder and some Melita filters to make a single cup of coffee using kettle water to be fabulous and extremely "cheap;" you can control the strength for every cup. Guests? I suggest they stop by Starbucks on the way! ;)  Thank you for the videos!
Please revist best budget value grinders. Is wilka still the best option? or is the something better? The Zwilling Enfinigy have a 'raised' design making it easier to grind into other stuff.
what kind of person thinks about crap like this, breaking down how much coffee is dispensed and brewed, like wtdf man
Pretty much everything involving something dimensional in America is listed in SAE and metric except for building materials. I think if it werent for all of our dwellings being built in SAE we would have converted by now.
dont buy anything with any celebrities name on it its garbage
This is a great review.
How do I stop shitting myself after drinking coffee
11:25 Absolute comedy thank you James
Ahhh how I've missed the Hoff. ☕ Now if there was a Hoff meister coffee machine for under £200 I'd be ALL IN. 😊
American here. We use the metric system in almost all the calculations we did in engineering 👍🏻 makes the most sense to me 😬🇺🇸
How would it be even possible to get a good brew when you shred up coffee beans, then blow them along the sides of the basket? There was almost no "grounds" at the bottom of the basket. This sort of goes against the law of gravity. You really need water to pass through the grounds and not just spray hot water into a basket lined with coffee grounds.
But why? Why does Drew have a Coffee Machine? fml
What is the perfect water to coffee ratio?
Would it be theoretically possible to swap out the false burr with a better one? Could it be an upgrade? It would also be amazing for devices like this to support Bluetooth for a superior user interface on your phone, plus the ability to do advanced tuning of the brew parameters. Similar to using your car's OBD2 port to adjust fuel injection, air intake, and other settings. I want to hack my brew!
Definitely a missed opportunity to call the thing "Brew CoffeeMore"
Appreciate the honest objective review and the explanations why things are the way they are
Controversial opinion: Just buy a manual grinder (<30€), and a mocha pot (<30€). Better coffee than any such machine could produce, and they'll last essentially forever, with none of the downsides.
I wonder if Jim could partner with a manufacturer to design a brewer that actually does a good job. Maybe at $150 price point.
wait so is there a bean-to-cup machine that's good that's only 200?
Why… is an actress making a coffee maker?
Great video. Informative and lovley nerdy💪🏻
Wow. What a fucking nightmare.
American here. I wish we go metric. Yes, Coffee wins.
I enjoy the Cuisinart DGB-2 series which has a grinder into a cup then drip brew. I is a 100.00 dollar machine that seems worlds better than this one. Just a review idea.
i just paid $10 for my own dolce gusto machine about 2 years ago, i am more than happy about it
Drew's Brew should be trademarked
Blah blah blah. Downvoted and blocked. Have a cup of coffee, maybe you'll have a bit more energy.
Cool for the non machine specific coffee info, but I think you completely missed the mark. No one that is an avid watcher of you or any other coffee related creator would consider this machine. It’s built for Sunday Walmart shoppers and recent female college grads moving into their first apartment. These demographics couldn’t care less about the grinding mechanism, water to bean ratios, extraction formulas and such, they just want a easy to use coffee machine that won’t cost them $100 a month in pods and will look decent in their IKEA accented kitchens. The description of their ‘experiment’ on the box is perfect proof of that. And these people are gonna drown their coffee in creamers, sugars, and dairy anyway. I’d say for $100, this is probably the perfect machine for those groups of people.
😂 as a Canadian I totally get the imperial vs metric
From the "Future Landfill" range.
I'm wondering if one might be able to swap the part on the grinder for a proper burr... but I am glad to be able to see the details before committing.
"thats not ground coffe that's just a piece of bean" had me rolling
It has a celebrity's name on it. If it was any good, it would not need that.
It's funny that you you've diagnosed that a darker roast is required, but you haven't brought yourself to purchase it to test it for it's built for.
Are we going to see a Coffee Maker by James Hoffmann anytime? ;)
I doubt it if it’s anything like her makeup...stop adding to landfill Drew
I got nervous on Drew’s behalf, when he started out with all the positives😅
Coffee is an unlikely soldier in my countries war on the imperial system, but all allies are welcome in the quest to have us join science and the rest of the world.
I bought myself a Keurig around 2013. I love it. I have two espresso‘s every morning. I use the re-usable pods so that I can choose how much coffee to put in. I don’t have a decent grinder, I use my magic bullet. However, I have been giving consideration to spending ridiculous sums of money to buy a bean to cup machine. After watching this I don’t know if I will. I fear it will be one more thing to break down. I learned a lot from your video today, thank you for that.
imperial isnt some stupid american idea, you gave it to us. Metric is for consumer cultures, Imperial is for the ones who make and innovate
As an American, I have no idea how many ounces 500 grams is, and nor do I care. All I know is it’s the good amount for me
I desperately want a good version of this under $300. I have to believe it is possible.
I know you don’t prefer darker roasts, but I’m a little surprised you couldn’t run out and grab some- even some costa-tier beans or something to simulate the “person upgrading from keurig” experience
I'd agree with most of this video, however I think you've slightly misunderstood this machine. Someone who buys a cheap coffee machine isn't going to use it with fancy beans(medium roast or lighter), but rather with easily available darker roasts which works better. Secondly, by equalizing the grounds, you disrupt the water flow and saturation, as the bottom half circular cut-out is there because the grinds naturally shoot out to that side.
Honestly it's cute enough I might be willing to get it it just as a brewer and load my own ground coffee in it. I can tolerate crappy brewed coffee to a certain extent
For any coffee enthusiast, the price alone is a red flag
Man what an awful machine. Does everything badly. A jack of all trades HAHA.
What a shame. I mean the concept is really good. I like an espresso as much as anyone else but in the morning for me nothing beats a good old-fashioned v60 and if this would work I would be sold.
Friends don’t let Friends buy coffee maker from Walmart.
oh nice, plastic in my coffee from a grinder that isn't a grinder.
I purchased the coffee pot in the line and had to return it after a couple of weeks because it smelled so badly of plastic.
I am not sure why this video was suggested to me but, that being said, this guy has some of the thickest healthiest looking hair I have ever seen. Don't get me wrong I like coffee, blah blah blah, look at this dudes hair. Thick, voluminous, healthy... I shouldn't drink and comment.
PSA: It is okay to use Metric and Inch and Ounce measures all at once. We've tested it for you, it works just fine. Signed, Canada. (Chances are your head is full of useless numbers anyway.)
Does anyone in this generation even know who Drew Barrymore is?      Does anyone in my generation know who John Drew Barrymore is?                                                  Does anyone in my parent's generation know who John Sydney Barrymore is?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Does anyone in my grandparent's generation know who Maurice Barrymore is?                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Does anyone remember the Jim Currie incident...                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    [ POW POW ]                                                                                                          RIP: Ben Porter                                                                                     The Barrymore Dynasty History continues...
this feels like the target audience is specifically people who want to have an upgrade to a coffee pod system, and it seemingly fulfills that pretty well.
Verdict @ 15:35
Drab Buymore
Are you sure it’s not Michael Barrymore?😂😂
Will this goto one of your Patreon subscribers?
I've never had coffee in my life, why am I watching this
The ‘B’ on the machine is for ‘beep, beep, beep’. Brew Darryless
Don't be so kind and subtle. Just say that it's a "pile of shit".
Lmaooo the pause when it beeped cause he took out the coffee grounds
PUT THE COFFEE IN THE F***ING BASKET!!!
Hang on, did you test it with the beans that weren't recommended and then trash a cheaper machine because you didn't use the correct beans?
Great video! I was ready to buy at the beginning!  Any recommendations on a budget automatic, single cup with a water tank? I have a good burr grinder so that's not a necessity.   Trying to find a replacement for the keurig with reusable pods, but haven't been able to find anything!  Im thinking $200-300 but sounds like $1,000 is where theg start 😂
I would like to hear about a Beans to Brew coffee maker that was worth the money.
Drew is clearly broke.
I didn't know such thing existed and now I want a machine just like that, but good
I dont know shes never invited me over for a coffee but if she does i will report back
It's a stunning and beautiful design but that's literally the last 1% of making a coffee appliance. They are treating it like 50%. When it comes to coffee, function is so critical. Thanks for the review and I hope the machine benefits with new updates if it makes it past round 1 of acceptance at Walmart.
SCAB
Doesn't look too great, but I just bought a few for my bathroom.
The only decent machine on the market i've seen that is doing "bean to cup" for brewed coffee is the xBloom. Of course, it is also six times the price of this, so i guess it's another circumstance of "you get what you pay for".
Also, it looks like it was designed back in the 1970s.
Breville grind control (under drip-coffee machines) please review this because o really want to get one!
The intro had me a little hopeful that this could be a good gift for someone I know. Oh, well.
At 3:00, I would be immediately put off by how that control screen is designed. White text on a light-colored background? I get it's supposed to be "sleek", but sacrificing user-friendliness for that is just bad. Just make that panel black.
Why does she have a coffee maker in the first place?
make the burr adjustable, make it a normal coffee basket and Drew Barrymore can call it "Drew Barrymore Coffee Machine Pro"
I wonder if you could change the burr set
She just puts a B on mass produced appliances that are hardly worth a fraction of the price.
Looks like a piece of plastic junk.  Looks very difficult to clean.  😊
would love to hear your take on the De'Longhi TrueBrew
I started with a $70 piston machine and a $30 hand grinder and it was great for the price
Maybe this channel could contact Drew Barrymore's people which might have some input with the manufacturer to tweak the design.  Switching out the grinder doesn't seem too hard.  Redesigning the wire basket to allow replaceable paper filters and better flow, that might be harder.  The stronger brew...meh.  I guess that is important to other people.  I like light, almost tea like coffee...less teeth staining and stomach problems.
Brew barrymore
I got a seperate krups grindr and its always totally fine ground coffee no lumps and all a even colour...the one in this machien is terrible
Who the hell uses a timer for a coffee machine....so leaving it turned on ans connected to the power all the time lol thats just dumb
I cannot speak to the coffee maker, but their air fryer I picked up from Walmart is great.
This machine is a rulebreaker. Not in a way that is compelling or good though.  Devastating articulation.
The question I have is, how did that get on your radar?
I heard the coffee this thing makes, tastes like Gwyneth Paltrow's candle.
In the thrift shop in 6 months and the landfill in under a year 👌
I wonder how quickly you will be able to get a metal replacement 'true burr' that fits in this thing. Even if it was $20-$30 for that part, seems worth it.
Brew Berrymore
America doesn't use Imperial, we use US Customary. Same measurement names, different measurement sizes. Also, Imperial is still used all over the world, ask any Canadian how they set their thermostat or how tall they are, or any brit how much they weigh. But we definitely should be moving the entire world to metric for everything except weather. 0-100F represents the reasonable range of human comfort/survivability. Use centigrade for everything else :)
I would tend to avoid Walmart exclusive products. Even non-exclusive brands you'll often find cheaper at Walmart because Walmart has forced the company to cut back some features, but then put it in the exact same packaging. An example of this is the Ninja Blender System: Walmart's is $10 cheaper than everywhere else but the packaging looks identical. Except it's not, the SKU is different and its motor is only 1500W instead of 1800W. There may be other changes under the hood as well. Walmart has a reputation for selling garbage, because they intentionally sell highly deceptive garbage to undercut competitors.
That grinder is just bad. I have 40e coffee grinder and it does much better job than that one plus its adjustable.
What about doing a video of Nitropress coffee or the SPINN coffee maker
One (other) annoying thing, those lights are barely visible... contrast will be an issue for people with low vision. Or at least I can barely notice the numbers and clock in the video.
- How would you like your coffee sir? - Metric please!
Has he reviewed the Tchibo?  Looks like a more expensive version of this.
Brew Coffymore
I wish James Hoffman would review every potential item I would purchase; I would effectively wait for his green light on the right socks to wear!
16:11 FILTHY on repeat for 8 hours please
Love the new studio!
TLDR = It's bad.  (and he hates imperial measurements)
Celebrity endorsements... My cue to avoid like the g.d. plague
We bought the DB kettle and were not impressed. While it was pretty and well built, the temperatures were not very consistent. We needed multiple temperatures for different teas and ended up giving it away to someone who only boils water and they like it. We bought a better kettle with better control.
I'll say that after watching your videos, I've gone out and gotten an Aeropress Go and I found a used (proper) burr grinder in very good condition from someone who was upgrading. Everything cost me a total of 55 dollars. I love my setup and it makes a very clean, delicious cup of coffee from any beans I like! It isn't extravagant but it beats any coffee I've had at home. I'd recommend it to anyone out there looking to "unlock" that experience, as long as you take care to inspect the burr!
"I wish it was better, but it's not" 😂
One of your best reviews.  For a second there, I was considering going to W-M to buy a “do it all” $99 coffee machine. The more you talked about the grinder itself, etc. I knew that, indeed, the old adage applies: You get what you pay for.
This machine exists to compete with the relatively new DeLonghi TrueBrue (as well as K-cups). It would be interesting to have a similar review for the Delonghi. Ultimately "coffee snobs" know that these machines don't produce good coffee, but lots of people just want something with minimal cost, minimal investment of time, and minimal effort to brew a cup of joe that is not completely sh*t first thing in the morning. Among these options available, which one is "best"?
James, you need to review the Breville Grind and Brew machine.  Does what this machine claims to do, but without most of the drawbacks you mention.   Far from perfect, and definitely more than $99.    Would love to hear your thoughts on it.
Would prefer a decent hand grinder and cafetière for £80 than one of these?
She sold her name and may have approved colors. That’s probably her involvement in the product…
I love seeing someone from the UK makes fun of mixing metric and imperial when UK speed limits are written in mph
A very decent Graef burr grinder runs you about 60€ used. A V60 filter with caraffe is 25€. A decent kettle is about 10. With this, you have very, very good coffee.
Yanks like weak coffee 👍🏻 so it makes sense.
A video made in the UK with the product only available in north America,  makes sense.
Don't apologize to my country because we are legally required to use an inferior system. Unfortunately, it'll never happen, because our politics are too preoccupied with...literally anything else
I'm sad. I was excited for this. A functional version of this would be perfect for my small kitchen.
Give it up for the Bill Nye of coffee everyone 👏👏👏
Brew Barrymore roasted beyond second crack :)
Don't apologize to me for metric winning. I was promised we'd all be using metric any day now back in the '70s and I'm still waiting.
The grinder is not adjustable and producing "grounds" that can be mausered with a caliper(1,5mm), that's not a grinder that is a junk, literally e-waste. If it would cost 5$, it still would be e-waste!
Don’t blame us for sticking with Imperial, we’re trying but we blame Pirates. @TheWhyFiles
This is a bit subjective.  If you take an average blue-collar worker (me being one of them) who drinks a lot of gas station coffee, then this brewer probably would produce a much better cup of coffee than they normally would have. I have had proper pour-overs and I would not expect this machine to even come close to that but would expect to have better coffee from that machine, than the gas station and construction office coffees that I routinely drink. Great review
Grams are used in imperial measurements as well. There’s 28 grams in an ounce. But then there’s fluid ounces, which are kin to metric liters, used for fluids.
plastic junk.  would rather a brevile
I love that this man exists.
James, you seem to be completely surrounded by worktop. Are you allowed out?
Never in my life wanted that device to be a decent coffee brewer... Love the compact size, the look.. So sad it's a lemon (or lime, or avocado, based on the colour...)
Hey James, can it really grind fresh for when you wake up? When you turn it on, does it not rinse the spouts to warm up? I don't want that in my coffee haha!
I wish that I could enjoy freshly brewed coffee, but I just can't get used to it. However, I thoroughly enjoy these videos. Brilliant.
Brew Darrymore
I just can’t get into any “celebrity endorsed” products, especially if it has their initials on it.
A Barrymore Brew😂
Sounds like with this Brew you use Dairy more
All your comments are fully valid, but I doubt someone buying a $99 machine will spend $40-50 on a kilo bag of coffee every month or two. They buy Lidl's extra dark roast for $5-6 per 1.5kg. To each their own!
"What a dumb video, I'm obviously never gonna watch this."
Really well done. Respect sir
"Don't worry it wil beep when it's done." lol
Yuk!
Brew Darrymore
What are the chances Drew Barrymore uses this machine?
This is a dumb question! Just because a celebrity puts their name on something doesn’t mean we should consider it as being worth our money, or that it works any better! Or different, then any other products that do the same job.
The better name would have been: Brew.Dairy.More
I enjoyed the Black Books reference!
Cups have something like 7g of coffee in then, so I imagine this has similar extraction % but uses more coffee for a 10floz cup.
He is the goat of the coffee industry
Brew Drarrymore
I prefer darker roast blends like 85% Arabica 15% Robusta. I know it's a fashion to roast as light as possible, but it's not my taste. If I want to drink something lighter, I drink tea. Coffee has to have that punch and bitterness, a bit of muddy and dark chocolate taste.
How about making us a $99 bean to cup brewer?
I use a Bosch well the price is not funny . But great coffee
Anyone ID the glass mug?
that is a shocking 'grind'. the machine is another case of just because you can doesnt mean you should
I. Hate. Beeping. Honestly, beeps are like an accessibility and i DONT NEED BEEPING IN MY LIFE
Sorry. More pedantry.  Imo,  2 x more flavour = 3 times as much flavour not just double the flavour. Advertisers seem to be allowed to get away with this all the time.
I had to turn it off because fluid ozs is a volume, not a weight. Having read the comments though, I might give it another go (like anyone is arsed).
if its not called Brew Darrymore, I'm not interested...
I finally got a hand grinder and beans the other day.  The grinder is cheap, and not particularly well made, but it gets the job done.  I fiddle with the grinder, finally get it mostly ground correctly, and brew a cup.  After a lifetime of pre-ground coffee, the experience was transformative.  I don't think I can easily go back after this.  Thank you James for broadening my horizons.
Am I the only one here, who immediately had "Brew Berrymore" in his head :D
Leave it to Drew Barrymore to bring her unique charm and enthusiasm to something as simple as a coffee machine review! This video is not only entertaining but also surprisingly informative.😶
I'm imagining Drew seeing this video, and going to the manufacturer to talk about how they can fix these issues.  They probably won't be able to deliver, but I can see her trying.  At least that's the fantasy I have.  I am a bit of a Drew fanboi.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Drew Barrymore made this. It aint for coffee, it's for grinding weed.
Weak Brew Barrymore?
Omg for that price the display si shorrid so DIM why bad 😢
I hate it and I think James should too
The last all-in-one solution I tried had tons of problems, most notably with steam and moisture getting through everything, but the grinding hopper still had trouble with static. These combo things always end up being compromised in performance and way, way too fiddly to maintain. I will remain skeptical until somebody demonstrates otherwise to my face.
Shame they didn't exchange Brew for Drew
So its going to be in a shelf in target. Next to the 3kg bags of italian roast vanilla sprayed beans with no roasted on date and evryones gna think ''cheaper than dunken''
They missed the opportunity to call the machine Brew Barrymore
They should have named it Brew Derrymore
Would have been... fun(?) to get a look at the coffee bed after brewing.
If this machine isn't called the "brewing-more" I'll be disappointed
The color is fantastic
Brew dairy more
Brew Barrymore
Missed opportunity for the Brew Manymore
I don't drink coffee, but I thoroughly enjoyed watching this review!   I've heard of James online - and it's clear why he's a legend. What a watchable presenter!
There's your missing 10%, 30% extraction and 10% fines just washed into your cup, mmm.
The $99 dollar challenge continues.  Could plastic EVER uniformly grind a coffee bean (?).
Hi! Love the Channel!! Have you ever tryed a Senseo machine with good pads?!
1:56 There are two different ounces: the weight ounce, and the volume (liquid) ounce.
I watch these videos like I watch ASMR. They're pretty relaxing to watch, but then I need to grab a coffee to wake me up afterwards. But not brewed with the Drew Barrymore Coffee machine obviously.  Although I really love the idea of waking up to find the coffee freshly brewed and waiting for me.  When you wake up you need coffee, and you need it fast.
you're breaking my heart -- I too would hope that for ~$100 I could access the full, fabulous world of coffee 😞
"Nice job" Mrs. Barrymore. :)
this wouldn't make the hh Gregg's 99 dollar sale
I can't say that I'm surprised. lol
A ceramic burr would have been much better spec. And WHY do coffee maker manufacturers not understand static electricity's effect on dry fresh grounds???
Actually funny thing that. All our take away cups and standard cup sizes are 8oz or 12oz at work. But everything else I do cocktails included is in ml or grams because we use the metric system like every sane country.
Burr or Blades like on older design of Krups are best for a coffee grinder.
As if we needed to go much further than "beautiful" Walmart with washed up celebrity endorsement. Even the best grinding brewers are a compromise. There's no way around it. You have to grind well, measure well, use good water and the machine has to get to the proper temperature and dole out the water correctly. A lot to ask from Drew Barrymore.
After having my moccamaster for 12 years I wouldn’t consider anything else.  I use Chemex filters in it, and have it drip into a Yeti insulated tumbler.
When I buy something I ask myself, "how long before this ends up in a landfill?" This fails. I care about Drew Barrymore. I've always considered her better than celebrity. But I can't accept this. Still care about Drew, though. Everyone makes mistakes.
Switched to tea years ago but I am subscribed so I can watch this man read the asterisk on the bottom of the package.
Once you go to the poor over method with boiling water you won't use anything else.  No paper filter means high cholesterol.
Not a good review, it also brews pre ground coffee. So you can grind it yourself with a different grinder then brew it. He didn't review that part at all. Also it's way better than a pod system as far as taste goes.
Hoelnestlu, mixing imperial and metric is pefeectly normal in cooking, and this is great. I'd rather measure an ounce and just know it's 30mls if I have to, than the other way around. Imperial and Fahrenheit are human centric measurements, and metric/si is when you need a license to do something.
You had me (disinterested) at Drew Barrymore
Just buy a Capresso Infinity Plus Burr grinder, and a 36 OZ Frieling French Press Coffee Maker. Put in 11 heaping tablespoons of freshly ground dark roast, and you'll be sipping 2 16-OZ extraordinary cups of Amazing coffee that proves God really does Love us! BTW, I use a Keurig 2.0 with it's 32+ ounce carafe to brew the Hot Water. It's NOT a $100 set up, BUT you will celebrate every morning you  get to wake up and have an amazing coffee that you determine what it tastes like! I blend my Ethiopian Yirgacheffe beans with "Fresh Roasted Coffee" brand Organic FRC Dark Roast Water-Processed Decaf, and now my in laws come over every morning for a cup! Haha!
One of Reagan's failures was cancelling the transition to the metric system. We should have been completed converted over by now.
It drews!
I was excited at the start of the video as the brewer claims to check a lot of boxes. I’d love to get opinions on or see a video comparing other grinder-brewer options.
Did you really think that anyone that regularly shops at Walmart would watch your channel?
Hot water + plastic will never be a good idea.
Do a collab and fix it's problems with them. Better burrs, ionizer, filter redesign, some software tweaks, some small features to play with and go.
Imagine if Drew just reached out to James to build a proper coffee maker from the start? We would probably all be buying one
"Perfect grind technology"... uh, which is a stretch 😂 great one-liners in this review
As an American living in Australia - metric measurements win hands down for cooking, brewing and general accuracy of anything
Think I’ll give that a miss, partly because it makes a mess of the machine and it looks hard to clean. Partly because I don’t consider my life to be that short of time, to have to rely on an all-in-one. Especially one that has no adjustment of grind size. And partly because I like the process of grinding & brewing, I find it therapeutic. It’s only a few minutes at a time but I’m not interested in jumping to the last page, before I’ve read the rest of the book. And if I’m going to buy quality beans, I’d like to give them a chance of giving a good brew.
yeah thats to much. can do it all free at home with a 2 doller grinder. and boiling water
I think the absolute best thing about this coffee maker, is that it may inspire better ones to compete with it. Which would be nice
Did he retry this with Dark Roast or limit his experience to a light roast once?
I had high hopes for this product. Something that could truly take on single brew coffee makers but offer us the bean if our choice with low impact to waste product of a k-cup. I have numerous coffee machines and have tried the Beautiful automatic coffee drip and can honestly say I was extremely impressed with its performance. Thank you for testing this model. Needless to say I am disappointed and have never seen another machine offering fresh ground per cup. The wait continues
Hi James! Been watching you for years now! Was wondering if you’re interested in the topic of mold and coffee??
Assuming this is made with as few proprietary parts as possible to keep costs down, I wonder if the “fake burr” could be replaced with a real burr and dramatically improve the grind capability?
Have you ever reviewed the Spinn coffee maker?
Brew Darrymore
It looks like it’s shite based on this review. It’s only $99 but it sound like $99 wasted.
No, just no. Coffee shouldn't look like tea. Just stop!
I've never heard of it and didn't watch the video, but I'm guessing it's called the "Brew Barrymore?"  No? Anybody.....
More cheap junk destined for a landfill. Hard pass, I’ll skip this and go rewatch Robocop.
I’m guessing it’s made for those who think “Donut shop” is top of the line..😬
"They're mixing ounces and grams" Pot heads: "first time?"
They schould call it the Brew Derrymore.
I'm betting Barrymore doesn't use one!
shame
James NEEDS to do voice-overs. His voice is so soothing.
Sadly you can tell just from the price it's not going to be good. $99 is just too cheap for what this product is trying to do. I had to spend that on a grinder alone to get a decent grind.  edit: holy cow looking at the colour of the coffee coming out - oof. That looks like tea.
Is there a *reasonably* low cost bean-to-cup that only does filter (i.e. like this one)? Currently I hand grind using a really lovely older model of Knock grinder (dual axle, nicely machined burrs and good adjustability) then brew with V60 or Chemex. But I don't mind a slight downgrade in grind quality for the convenience of whacking a brew on quickly.  Seems like all the expensive bean to cup machines do milk (not interested), which probably accounts for the higher price? Or is there something that would fit the bill for me?
15:08 i have reason to suspect that the clock on the coffee maker, timing of monologue, and the video edit between camera shots, were all made intentional.
So, so happy that after initially owning a ~$130 Philips brewer/grinder combo, I then went all-in and treated myself to a ~$1200 Siemens EQ9 once my Philips broke. Especially when I see a review like this, talking about what a cheaper solution will get you!  So happy with my current machine, which I have now had for 3 years and it still brews an absolutely amazing cappuccino, espresso and regular black coffee 😌🤌🏻
I watched the entire video thinking this was an espresso machine.. what an Italian biased moron I am
Absolutely captivating!
I didn't know that Drew Barrymore was a coffee maker engineer and designer. Man, ya learn something new every day.
I bought a grind/drip machine at a garage sale years ago; it was huge, noisy, and did not make the best coffee. I parted ways with it as soon as I moved. This product makes my old piece of junk seem like a quality device.
this isnt a machine for those who like coffee, this is for those who like DB and heard she made her own version of a Keurig.
It sure is pretty tho
None of James's comments surprise me. Especially when it comes to a product with Drew Barrymore's name on it. To me it sounds like the folks that designed this machine, much like Ms. Barrymore herself, crossed a line.
Idk if it's already been done but, can you review an old type of bean to cup brewer like the Cuisinart "NEXT GENERATION BURR GRIND & BREW COFFEEMAKER" (Item# DGB-800C). Been curious on it's performance but can't get around to buying one. Love your videos BTW.
The metric system is not easily divisible by 12 so the US will never switch.  How would we buy "Fruit by the Foot"?
Interesting.  Apparently we don't have this in the US (yet, I'm presuming).  That having been said, I'll stick with my hand grinder and French press.
It creates a potential health hazard too, since people used to auto brewing won't be thinking about suddenly having to clean out the entire machine almost every time, they use it because of that mess it makes when the machine vomits out the coffee and water (I mulled through some other words, but "vomit" really fits what it does best). With the "warm and wet" environment created you could have mold in that area in a just a couple days, and most people I know who use auto brewers NEVER clean their machines.
Huh. You’d think it would be worth it to make a 130$ version with a real burr. Otherwise, it’s just a non-starter
I'd like to see someone like fellow make this exact thing, but just made way better. A better grinder on top, better water distribution, variable temp control, variable grind size, variable brew time, and make 8t with knobs to control everything. You do all of that with a sleek design made from high quality materials and I think you would end up with a hit product.
She literally could have called this  Brew Barrymore, and it would have sold millions
I wouldn't buy this but one advantage over the pods is that this machine does not pollute your body with microplastics
Brew Barrymore
"2x more flavor" reminds me of "100% effective".
Brew Darrymore
I like the distinction at 13:50 There are "darker roasts" and then there is "nicely-roasted coffee"
Brew Drearymore
'Brew' Berrymore.
What a shock! It’s pre-landfill quality
My biggest problem with this machine is that I don't like scabs in my coffee
So who is Drew Barrymore? Also, asking yet again, Polish coffee drinking style, thoughts?
I have the beautiful kettle, and it's wonderful
And I thought weed people were crazy about their paraphernalia, but caffeine people beat them a hundred fold lol
Maybe Drew should do a collaboration with Bill Burr and provide a proper grinder.
great review this thing looks like shit
a 5 dollar herb grinder does the job for me. the longer you push the button, the finer it gets, but too long its powder
Brew Darrymore
I bought this and I love it. I decided not to clean it often and get some wonderful flavors. To each their own I guess
The only thing missing from this video is "Every day is like Sunday" background music 😞
Appreciate the honest and upfront review, however…  You mentioned that is could brew with pre grinded beans, that function was not reviewed. I’m not saying your revere was bad (it was not) but it was not complete.
Hi James, I looked all over your site, so if I missed it I hope someone sends me a link. But I would like you to try the Ninja coffee maker CM401 and newest CM371. The former has ability to make milk foam hot or cold, and the latter does not but allows making iced or cold brewed coffee. The original CM301 had serious issues of leaking, but these new designs do not. There were people in my office who were used to cheap Folgers, and with use of the CM401 and spring water they said it was so much better. My girlfriend got the CM371, lives in a hot climate, and really is liking it too. While none of these people are coffee snobs or experts, you are, so I would like to know what you think about both. Thanks.
TLDR; no
How is this thing not called "brew barrymore "? I mean.. cmon, it's right there.
So it perfectly brews instant coffee and is a alarm clock with a fake grinder sound, so you need some added beans at least.
so um, can you perhaps find or make some how a ceramic conical or metal burr to fit maybe adaptor of some kind  to fit in to new machine , ?, or should it be a wasted effort ?, ,
this guy is the definition of pretentious lmao
Is there another product like this that actually works and makes good coffee?
Drew Barrymore even sounds like the name of a coffee brand.
I think they missed the opportunity to call this thing Brew Darrymore.
Because the kids today don’t know who Joe DiMaggio was.
I appreciate the sass 💁🏼
Missed chance to call it Brew Darrymore
I think its much better to grind good and not fresh (day before) than fresh and poorly ground  whats a good one of these but without the grinder part, feels like that's the costly bit and I already have a good grinder anyway..
Coffee is not nearly as good as tea. Fight me.
i despise brands like this. reinventing products that don't need to be reinvented by amateurs. cynical bullshit.
good video. great content. this is a perceivably objective review with clear explanations of the conclusions. it is a desirable product, when the idea works optimally. if only there was an individual who loves coffee, and knows the important factors of coffee brewing and end-user enjoyment; you know, someone who loves to share this knowledge, and would know what it takes to design a product like this which would make the user experience a gratifying one. I wonder, James, do you know of such a chap? that individual could make a product like this worth owning, and using.
They should call it Brew Darrymore
Electric kettle, French press, Braun coffee grinder ($70 five ten years ago and still working well!) superb coffee!
🩹
"The liquids are in ounces and the solids are in grams!" Sir, welcome to the magical realm of Canada.  We measure distances in kilometers and height in feet.  I buy 2L of milk at the store and 5lbs of apples.  I set the oven to 350F and it's -8C outside.
Have you tried a philips machine with the latte go system? Might be interesting for a short video about milk foamers and what works for people.
I know nothing about drew barrymore except that she made a coffee maker with a company and she broke picket lines during the writers strike.
Just for convivence I would like to find an " All in One" like this that is acceptable, any ideas up to 150-200$ US?
Drew is a scab!!
plastic = no
So for maybe 10-15$ more that thing could have had a good grinder, making it _much_ better while still being very affordable when it comes to bean-to-cup machines... sad.
Me watching this video is a testament to James’s rizz. I do not need a video from an expert to know that a $99 bean-to-cup sold *exclusively* at WalMart is going to be a waste of time and space.   We should really ban this kind of crap to address climate change. I’ll never say another word about celebrities flying private if they agree to stop using their influence to peddle literal garbage.
I don`t even drink coffee...
Never buy anything with a celebrity name on it. I cant think of a single product that was better than other options that were half the price
As an American, I can proudly say that I am slowly forgetting how many inches are in a foot, or how many ounces are in a pound, all thanks to coffee
I have a great experience with a bur grinder and a drip machine that has a thermal carafe. No over heated coffee. The thermal carafe keeps it warm for hours. I can grind the right amount of coffee for the water. I can use paper to avoid slag at the last cup.
As usual James provides an expert view that is honest and calm that is supported with an excellent rationale
Here because my mother will see this on tv and want to buy it and I need to know if it is any good...My mom is 80 and so is her partner and there is no way she'll be able to read that display which doesn't have enough contrast with the background color...:( D...Not even getting to the limitations of the brewing set up, it just isn't accessible for a big segment of its intended market.
Not that I would ever have been interested in this machine, but the white touch button lights/icons on a bright background is already a fail.
totally agree with your thoughts. but in this price range you really should be testing with the "supermarket" level beans (dark roasted) because if you're buying this machine in the first place you wouldn't spend the money on fancy roasts
They misses the chance to call it Brew Barrymore
I love how honest you are
Honestly, for $120 you can get the oxo conical burr grinder and oxo single pour over and you would be better off than this
A Coffee Machine? ... more like a Coffee appliance. ";-)
Brew Coffeemore?
15 years ago Wolfgang Puck marketed a product that did all this and it was plain junk.  This is just another piece of junk being marketed under another famous name.
James can you do a morning routine
Brew Darrymore
A brutally honest review without being crass or cynical. Thank you for doing good work 👍🏻
Hoffmann Verdict - "Drew Barrymore, Brew nary more!!"
I wonder if you could 3d print replacement plates for the griding die as it seems to be held on in segments by some screws
We recently bought an Inventum KZ915GT which seems to be in the same price range and functionality, but seems more well put together. It's got an adjustable grinder and has a regular old-school drip system. We're not super picky with coffee but are happy with it, maybe check it out?
So. It's a Drew brew
America got the Imperial standard from GB!  Metric should have been part of the Constitution as part of the rebellion against the crown.  Then again, all this could have been avoided if the king had been willing to cut his limbs to match metric measurements, but no sacrifice.  Royals, go figure.
The Brew dare you more.
A real missed opportunity to call this the Brew Barrymore.
I kind of want to see a community around this, where people make a bunch of mods for it. Seems like the false burrs can be changed for some better ones (although small; cafesing flat burr hand grinder comes to mind); maybe a software savvy person could fix the software (or make better software) for it. Just throwing some ideas out there.  It's amazing that this all-in-one is about the same price as my cheap grinder.
REEDY! That is the word I have been searching for for the bad coffee I'm getting today... Thanks!
I don't understand why it's named Drew Barry more
How the hell they didn’t call it Brew Barrymore?
I paused the video at 0:25, this is the first ive heard about this... but given it's a 'celebs' name attached to it ill go out on a limb and assume its going to some cheap junk with her name slapped on it to pawn off on her silly fans who wouldn't know a good cup of a coffee if it poured itself in front of them. I'll be back...
can you grind your own beans and just put them in there and get a better experience?
Can we also say: “James = Coffee Roaster”?
Hmmm😊
Makes me wanna quote Zappa's "Flakes" (1979). If you know, you know.
The same exact beep tone as my cats auto feeder, so they frantically ran over to it several times haha
I have purchased a used Jura A1 that grinds and brews for 150 euros. Good coffee (imo) and has been working wonderfully for years.
Hey James, what orange sweatshirt is that? I would like to purchase one.
Uh huh…this is gonna be good…
Do a collab with This Old Tony where y'all replace the plastic false burr with a real one.  Please.
Even though it takes time to brew my coffee using my Technivorm if I’m running late I’ll just stop and get some at my local roaster.
Brew Dairymore
Made in China so no thank you
I prefer paper filtered coffee for health reasons, so I wouldn't buy this for that reason alone. It's too bad they didn't think to make custom filters you have to buy. They could've  made mint. Always design a product that requires buying another consumable product from you to use, if possible (hint: Keurig).
I wish we had a James Hoffmann for tea! Expert in coffee, but where is the expert in teas?
I feel the beep would drive me mad
Please review the MiiCoffee Apex! Also let us know if the internals are actually Italian quality 🙏
Could you swap the bure?
Metric should be the answer.  Silly Americans.  (Yes I’m American. But I acknowledge how ridiculous imperial is)
I love how totally pissed off James looks at the beep when the cup is ready
Wow clicked on the video due to liking the Retro Optics of the machine. Got educated in Coffee Brewing. Nice looking machine but I wondered why does the front colour Green not match the rest of the machine, for me this ruins the optic. Would be a nice upgrade if they offered a metal grinder which you could purchase extra. The machine did seem a right mess after making just one coffee, so lots of cleaning work to be done. Now time to subscribe and watch some of your other content.
Honestly the person buying an under $100 coffee machine endorsed by a celebrity probably doesn't care that much about coffee.
I'm from the US. We need to convert to metric. We're only a century too late.
wtf 😅 who invented this mess?
I love her kettle though 🤣 this seems pretty rough.
I have a v10p, it won't take any abuse ,very accurate, will easily  to as small as anything you could achieve with the sl ,although definitely needs a little more space !
It looks like you brewed tea, not coffee.
Been 2 days im thinking this is some lame AI generated video because of the thumbnail, i was flabbergasted to see that it is the great james hoffman himself. Highly recommended to stick to a visual identity, and especially not to include stock woman photo😓
Sounds like drew just slapped her name on the first piece of junk that floated by
you should do a video on Italian coffee brands from brands like Carraro, Filicori Zecchini ETC!
im disappointed that they didn't call it "Drew Brew"  edit: just got to the part in the video where Mr. Hoffmann pointed out this exact oversight. I'm relieved i'm not the only one thinking this. ^^
To be fair, in the US, they pretty much only sell darker roasts, whether they're actually good is an entirely different matter. US is just a mess all across to be doing machines like this (especially when math and science, not to mention proper engineering is involved) and probably why it's branded with a celebrity. Very very American.
Does James prefer 1 no beeps? 2 less beeps? 3 unpredictable beeps? (Fun but annoying over time I think) 4 a satisfying beep? (Subjective. But perhaps inter subjective?) 5 other? (A song maybe?, or a jingle? What would be a James Hoffman jingle?)
For 99 bucks you can get a kingrinder, a cheap pourover filter holder and a basic kettle
"It tastes weak and it tastes thin" - my experience with nearly all coffee I've had in the US.
This machine falls into place in description of a yuppie for whom I believe the product is targeted......" looks good and doesn't work,  image before substance".  I pity Drew Barrymore.
“Looks great, but the coffee tastes like shit” savage 😂
Don't know about this but we had to return her air fryer. The finish started coming off within the first few uses.
Probably not. Someone bought her blender as a house warming gift for us. It sucks.
Drew Berrymores coffee machine - Brew Derrymore
Paraphrasing,  "coffee is winning the war for the metric system."  James is so pretentious.  I love him.
I‘m only here to see James‘ face after he tries it.
I guess what I need is a review from someone who drinks trash coffee. Sure it's bad a making good coffee, but if I toss in a handful of Chock full o'Nuts will the result actually be twice as good as a Kcup?
Long Live The Imperial Measurements! The measure of the man, is the measure of the world.
I agree it should all be in Ounces. Everyone finds out that a "12 cup" coffee pot doesn't make "12 cups" of coffee. It means literally 12 cups, as in 8 ounce cups. Problem is nobody's coffee "cup" is 8 ounces, they start at around 11oz and go up from there.
Anytime you see a famous person's name tied to a product, dont buy it.
hahha drew has always been my crush from childhood to no at 41.. hahahaha if i was well off.. I would buy this just because its drew's product lololol
With measurement systems, it’s personal preference, you can prefer metric or you can prefer being wrong
Wait you mean a product that promises a lot for a relatively low price and marketed by a washed up celebrity is bad?  No.....
Is there something like this that can do the automatic brewing of traditional coffee that doesn’t suck? Obviously there are things like Jura for espresso but not sure if I’ve seen one for drip coffee.
Brew Dairymore!
Aftermarket grinder market has to wake up?
Tastes like SCAB
They have to use grams for coffee because the SAE equivalent is also ounces. Fluid ounces and weight ounces in the same product is confusing. Thats why most refer to volumes (teaspoons and the like) instead if weight.
stopped watching at the burrs
After having bought a home in the US and travelled many miles, I discovered that the average American doesn't like strong coffee. Almost everything is around 50% coffee compared to Europes 60g per litre. I even saw people using a portioned coffee bag for a set amount water and they pnly put 1/2 the bag in the machine. Even baristas with quality equipment did not use enough coffee to make a decent cup! So, this machine from Walmarts (average Joe store) is for average Americans and will probably sell very well!
You forgot to test the grinder bypass function.
Could you use paper filters of you ground your own? Then you could at least use the timing feature.
$99 for an all-in-one machine is a laudable goal, but I don't think anyone has successfully produced such a machine. I wonder if it is possible at $299, or $499? Enquiring minds want to know 😊
could you manufacture a real burr after market part?
Why not Brew Barrymore?
So if I were Drew’s “people” , or Drew for that matter; before putting my name on anything, I would have said “there has to be someone on the internet that knows coffee, machines, grinders… go find me a youtuber with +2M subscribers, fly them in here, pay them a bucket of money to tell us if Drew should put her name on this thing”, Drew Barrymore shame on you for not getting our man to help you.
Putting all these features in one appliance raises alarm bells for me: I can't imagine the whole is better than the individual parts, and the same is true for printer/scanner/fax and other all-in-one devices.  Also consider: with a separate kettle you can boil water for all sorts of things like tea, oatmeal, noodles, etc.
At least the measurements weren't in the other US staple of "cups" Produces that classic brown water places love to serve on the assumption folk will add milk and some form of sweetening to it
I'm almost certain the distinction is being made between ounces and grams because "ounces" refers to both fluid volume and, separately, weight. Weird, nonetheless.
This guy should be the next David  Attenborough!! 😁
The compromise is that it’s the size of a Mini Cooper.
In the last 16 minutes, you've taught me more about coffee than I learned in the previous 70 years, and got yourself a new subscriber.   Thank you - that was an education.
You need to put in tap water and an $8 bag of week old coffee from the grocery store for the full effect.
As a Canadian I feel like I am being represented when metric and imperial are mixed. Not quite like that but still
Love this. Luckily for Drew and Walmart, their target audience is unlikely to also be part of yours. Sad those poor people will just be stuck paying $99 for a cute but bad coffee machine.
I like the overall design which reminds me of a pencil sharpener from school days.
It is a $99 appliance for customers of WalMart, and not made for aficionados.  Let us not forget the average person who just wants a “cup of Joe” before driving to work, yet still wants the novelty of grinding beans.
So it doesn’t grind sufficiently, unlike Drew herself.  I mean, maybe. I think.
He did show how really difficult this machine would be to clean.
Don't worry it will beep when its done...😂🤣
lol that beep face
Seems like this is made for someone who is looking for a kitchen aesthetic but isn’t really into coffee. Perhaps they want to use the typical grocery store coffees (doughnut shop, Pete’s, ect) with ease. Seems like those medium to dark roasts may be more well suited vs the light roasts from a craft roaster that most of us would frequently source from.
I wonder if someone with a 3d printer could print out any size burr they wanted then. Customize it for themselves, and for WAY more cheap than if this machine gave different burr size options.
Brew Dairymore. There, I've said it.
Im gonna bet it makes everything taste like Scabs and is made with child labor
Brew with Drew
The way my brain read the title as "Brew Darrymore" 💀😂😅
Looks more like a cup of tea to me 😂
Dang I really rooting for it. It is nice looking.
99 is stil 100 tho
Nice 4:20 reference.   I personally detest coffee but the Mrs loves it - enjoy your vids.
Man I really with there were something bean-to-cup in this kind of slimmed down form-factor which produced actually good coffee, even if it cost twice as much
I would love a bean to filter coffee group test. I didn't know this type of machine really existed. Lakeland UK do a 99 quid model in sure you could find several at different price points
it's not even cheap. you could buy a reasonable quality burr hand grinder for around £70 and then use a cafetiere
You shook the ground coffee so it wasn't where the machine expected it to be.  So, I don't think I can trust your flavor analysis.
"It;s damp".... yes, water went through it.
It should be called Brew Darrymore. Missed opportunity.
Ohoo? Mixing metric and imperial? You're sure gonna need a strong brew to recover from *that* uh... interdementional... a hangover of that kind.
Coffee ground for filter and for cupping can have particles up to & larger than 1700 microns (especially at US drip grind), certainly larger than 1200 microns. Sure the grinder probably does not have a tight distribution, but 1500 micron particles are definitely still 'ground coffee'.
I would never buy anytyhing from that SCAB even if it was the best coffee maker in the world. Thankfully looks like I'm not missing out on anything good 😂
Just get instant
Every time I've bought a product from Bella, it's been utter garbage.
No offense, but this is like a Formula 1 race car driver giving his opinions on a Ford Escort.   The target audience for this machine is people who   1. Want to upgrade from Maxwell House's normal drip coffee and grind their own beans, or 2.  People who want to stop having to use a cheap grinder to grind their own coffee.   In both situations, this is huge upgrade for a very low price.   I bought this going from just cheap traditional US coffee, but not wanting to have to deal with grinding my own beans every time.  This is a huge upgrade in flavor, but at the same time just as efficient as using a traditional coffee maker.   It was really interesting learning about the whole 60g per liter thing... but at the end of the day, you drink the first cup of coffee and you determine if it is too weak or too strong, and then you adjust the settings from that until you achieve your own goldilocks coffee.  With all that said, very educational and entertaining video and I appreciate your opinions, but I just don't think you are the target audience for this product.
Tldr it’s shit
It's from Walmart. What did you expect?
At 16:11, James is crying out in desperation for Hames Joffman to come back.  "Please, I'll say all the exploitable things you want! Just bring back the silly videos!"
When designing this, if the end goal was to not produce a particularly great cup of coffee, then they should have just produced a traditional drip coffee maker for a third of the price. I'm intrigued by the idea of an all-in-one well executed, for even double or triple the price of this, but this product is just pure nonsense. I don't know who this is meant to appeal to except Drew Barrymore super fans.
BrewDrew
It makes sense that coffee is in grams and water is in ounces. Americans intuitively think about water and liquid in ounces, but we don't think about coffee beans by weight at all, and for the precision you'd need to weigh coffee, grams make more sense.
a bit harsh judgement. its a cheap coffee machine with grinder and timer. not perfect but more than good enough for most Walmart customers
Coffee Secret: grinding beans with a mortar and pestle can be therapeutic. ☕
Your videos relax me.
is it smart so you can connect it to internet?
2:23 'Murica!   I guess they need to crash into Mars or another planet a few more times to get the hang of the metric system. 🤣😂😆
9:55 wouldn't settling the coffee flat counteract the intended design? I'm not sure it would improve that much, but there should be a test without fiddling with the coffee bed to be fair to the machine.   Knowing James he probably has done quite a few off camera though.
I have the unit.  I knew it would not make great coffee.  I did not like my kcup machine coffee.  the kcup taste and was a waste of pods.  I get a better taste of dark beans.   I knew this machine will be a throw away after the faux burrs die after over time.  I email support and ask can I buy extra baskets.  so I can make 2 runs without a basket washout. No was  answer.  support said the grinder was tested up to 1000 times.   I have professional grinders at my bakery shop. so yes I knew it would be a throw away unit after burrs wear out... but for $99 ..  when replacing the basket after wash out I have hit start button by mistake which starts grinding...
I will do 1 push up for each like this comment gets.
The coffee from the machine looked really weak.
"what ever beans you want to put into it" Well that sure triggered my intrusive thoughts xD
I passionately care about this.
I grind coffee beans and use a French press.   I used to own a Nespresso machine which made fairly decent coffee but the pods were overpriced and I really don't like how I had to buy a chemical that they sell in order to clean it.   I find a coffee press does a nice job at a good price.
Hey James!  I have a similar machine, a Melitta AromaFresh. Came at 150€ back then, tho the price has risen since? Anyway, the grind size is adjustable (surprisingly well even, the cheap plastic dial wouldn't suggest it, but it's very consistent). I usually use more water than the machine suggests (aka, setting it to 8 cups but filling in 10 cups (1 cup=precisely 125ml), and so far I'm pretty satisfied. It's by no means the best machine I ever owned, but has no doubt the biggest comfort factor. Looking at this, I feel like I got a much better deal for not that much higher of a price tag.  Also, it has no heater plate and comes with a thermos can instead. Much recommended!  I'd be curious for you to test more of those bean-to-cup timer machines, since they're a real comfort option for home office people.  Cheers!
I would love to take out Drew for a good coffee
Brew Darry More.
If I was Drew B, I would crete a new machine with his supervision.
how long that 4:20 stays on the clock towards the end of the vid... :D
This machine is just asking to be modified! Imagine replacing the grinder thing with a metal one 😮
Regardless of the quality of the product, I think we can all agree that the fact it wasn't called "Brew Barrymore" is a completely missed opportunity.
Brew Diremore
* 2x more flavour compared to brewing with whole beans.
Informative
You need to test this machine with cheap dark coffee beans
That screen looks almost impossible to read on camera, hopefully it's easier in real life.
A cheap crap is a cheap crap no matter who promotes it.
Yes, they definitely missed a trick with "Drew's Brew"
How come you didn't try properly grounded coffee on this machine to see how much better it could be? A 3-4 additional minutes to the video for that experiment would've been interesting. Thanks James!
This will sell like hot cake
Missed opportunity to call that machine "Brew Daily More"
Papa Hoff is running out of material. Video is complete waste of time. No kidding it’s “problematic”.
Irrelevant, she crossed the picket line/announced her intent to do so, so whether or not she followed through with that she's officially a scab to me and I'll never support anything she makes.
I came here for the comments. Unlike the product, the comments do not disappoint 😂  Currently drinking a dissapointing coffee bag brew...
That’s a perfect ‘Murican cup of coffee. US has been drinking see-through coffee for decades. Also see-through beer. 😂😂😂 We lack tastebuds here in the USA, please forgive us.
After this machine it would be interesting to see a Senseo (or any kind of padmachine) with an additional permanentfilter (instead of the pads).
Funny how this guy became a coffee “expert”
Drew's Brew
They even missed out on the chance to call it the "Brew Darrymore". How disappointing
She missed the opportunity to call it "Brew Barrymore" 🤷
Don't you mean Brew Darrymore?  I'll let myself out.
RIP this product. That was a pretty scathing review. I don't even like how it looks. I think she's going for the 5o's suburban look. Kitsch isn't my thing.
Reading the comments doesn’t fill me with confidence for this product
Welp, once again- there's no miracles)
I hit like as soon as I heard the metric vs imperial comment. 😂👍
Forget all that important and useful buyer beware information, Drew Barrymore fans will just buy it.
James, please consider reviewing the breville grind control
Why isn’t the machine called the Brew Barrymore?
Sad they missed the opportunity for "brew barrymore"
It's 2024.  We have nuclear power, flying cars, spaceships...and no one can make an affordable coffee maker that can brew a SCA "Gold Cup" standard into a thermal carafe.  You shouldn't need to pay the same price for a new television, to buy a decent coffee maker.   Not asking for a Lamborghini espresso maker or an AI controlled, 4-armed, robot that makes a perfect pour over.  Just a good drip brew for the world's second most traded commodity...(just below crude oil).
I'm so glad we don't have Walmart in New Zealand.
Could the burrs be upgraded to something useful?
Looking at this video just keeps me wondering: What actually prevented you to spend 10 Euro to put the desired dark roasted cofee in? Now we are stuck with your presumptions and speculations. This leaves us with a strange incomplete video..
Americans for the Metric System!
plastic grinding on your beans mmmmm plastic dust in my coffee? no thanks
Love the retro design.
Americans just don't 'get' coffee :(
Why always cut out the tasting reaction?!?
I'm not even love coffee, but I like so much the accent and the passion of James.
Jame's peeves on menu and function design are my favorite part.
This is probably the worst review I've seen you do, and I'm not talking about the machine here, I'm talking about you James. Why do you keep trying to use light roasted beans for machines which are clearly aimed at dark roasts?  This isn't the first time you've reviewed something and said something like "if it was used with dark roast beans it would have been much better".  That's like testing a cheap 3D printer designed for PLA using ABS (a much more demanding filament), and complaining that it failed, but saying "it would probably do better with PLA".  At least give the machines a fair chance and test them with beans that suit them. I'm not defending this machine at all, although it's cosmetically appealing, it looks like a pretty awful design from a brewing perspective, and I'm sure it's still going to give bad results, but testing something using beans it wasn't designed for, and then condemning it is hardly scientific, or fair.  You set it up for failure, got what you expected, and then express disappointment.  Thinking about it, I don't think I've ever seen you do any test with a dark roast coffee.  That's a huge disservice to those of us who prefer dark roasts.  Please stop pontificating about how something might fare with dark roasts and actually test it with them.  You may be surprised.  I want to know how something actually performs with dark roast coffee, not your speculation based on how it performs with light roasts.  Just because you like light roasts does not mean everyone does.  Some of us don't drink coffee to analyse it for fruity notes or whether you can discern the terroir like wine, but because we enjoy coffee that tastes of coffee.  Nobody is going to buy a $99 machine to experience the subtleties of specialist coffees.  They want something that'll give them that "wake up and smell the coffee" moment and get better coffee than from a machine that needs pre-ground coffee.  To bring your coffee snobbery to a $99 machine does nobody any good.
The whole time I'm watching this, I'm just completely flabbergasted that anyone goes to this level of detail over a cup of coffee. Granted, I think coffee is disgusting (unless it is doctored to be basically melted coffee icecream), but still.
HATE the lights behind light-colored plastic. Feels like it started with the cheaper plastic Nest Thermostat.  You can't see the lights/time/button labels. WTF. Especially given the amount of attention around Accessibility nowadays, that is a terrible UI.
This just seems like a e-waste. I wish companies would stop trying to sell complete garbage as "AMAZING 2x stronger flavor." Or just not sell them at all.
The first problem….Drew Barrymore….😂😂
I would buy a James Hoffmann coffee machine. Please make one.
if i find one at a thrift store in a year, i'd probably give at a try lol
Ugh. Why?
Brew MoreDairy
I've been a barista in Alabama for several years now, and everywhere I've worked we use both ounces and grams. Ounces are most convenient for fluids since that's our normal measurement, but grams are way more precise for recipes.
"Sorry, America" says James, where weight is measured in stones
If she made car brand "Barrymore" that looked like that it would succeed.
DB gives her name (for a lot of money) to sell a product made in China... I get some Gwyneth Paltrow vibes.
At least its not the worst sounding beep. . .
So it’s just cheap junk making bad American drip filter swill. Check.
James, you seem like a good dude, but don’t try to push metric here in the states. We all have an unspoken agreement to die on that hill.*  With Love from Texas.   *Chemists, pharmacists, scientists, the military, pilots, and NASA aren’t in on the agreement.
Now I watch and I think: "is there such a machine that can do a good coffee grind and brew in one pass?" At once I want a device that can, but could I afford it and would it be flexible? Perhaps it's better just to learn the techniques. I enjoy making coffee anyway and even sharing it with others.
My kettle and V60 has given me the best coffee of my life. Now that I've dialed in the recipe and technique.
Thanks for the review. Putting a celebrity name on it is certainly not going to make it a better product. I'd be embarrassed to have my name on it.
When you showed off the 'burr set'; then the price makes sense. Duh this is going to be POS(hit)
Dewmore Berry.
As an american i believe metric IS the answer.
Damn I wish it was actually good, I might have bought it. Though now I wonder what the cheapest version of this that is actually good.
Would have liked to see what the basket looks like after the coffee is brewed, since the grinded coffee was spread all over it before the brew.
It's one of the first cheap grind and brew. Eventually it will get better and maybe cheaper, I hope. Would like one with all the bells and whistles without coating me my house.
I'm just starting to watch this but wanted to comment something before I see the entire review.  I have a Black & Decker grinder that I paid $25 for and a Bodum French press that I paid $20 or $25 dollars for.  So about half the price of this machine.  Now, I'll watch the rest of the video to see how this machine performs.  Here in Canada, most coffee shops still put their cup sizes as ounces i.e. 8 ounce, 12 ounce, 16 ounce.  Even though our country is metric.  But then, we still do our height in feet and inches and our weight in pounds (human weight; the weight of everything else is in kilograms).  Although we switched to metric back in the 1970's we haven't quite gone 100% yet!  Okay, finished the video.  I'll stick to my coffee press, even if it won't do it for me while I'm just waking up.
My husband will drink west  Texas gas station coffee.  He would like this thing. 😂
TLDR it's shit
Its not really a coffee machine, just another (stereotypical) marketing exercise to the masses using nice colours and famous face.
An absolutely wasteful product which is quickly going to end up in the garbage. One of the downsides of free market capitalism 🤷‍♂🤦‍♂
shout out for metric ✋✋ 😂
What would happen if you tried to burn your already bought beans a little further?
You'll have to take our fluid Freedom Ounces (TM) from our cold dead hands!
James, do it.  Please make a good $99 coffee maker for us.
Would you review the Kuku Machine?
This would have been more enlightening if tested with a darker roast and spritzing the beans to reduce static related issues. Otherwise interestingly informative as always.
Could you Roast a AMA Milano 1980's "espresso" maker (makes coffee, also makes espresso, it's on boiling principal) I mean look at it and say what you think about it ? The maker looks good, but "looks can be deceiving" I like the old brewers a lot more then the new ones, don't like plastics in coffee machines.
James, how does it do brewing coffee ground in a good grinder?
It surprises me as a Designer, how beautiful is the industrial side of the machine, with a clear reference to Braun's Dieter Rams, with the pastel tones and the "D + B" logo design. But when one see the package design, its saturated with vignettes and data, like a hard sale ad...Thanks MKT team maybe.
It's hard to like anything that comes from a scab.
'Brew in the morning' coffee is undrinkable, I contend because the water goes flat due to air exchange. Any thoughts on why this would be so? It always tastes better if you push start in the morning.
So on the whole, "Not bad ...not very good." Marketing wank and a ravaged economy gets ya every time. Wait for the mold to start forming where the wet grind hangs out.
I feel like if they made the price point $130 or $150, and gave you metal burrs with the ability to shift the distance, you’d probably get better tasting coffee simply for having more even coffee grounds. Or if they’re required you to take the basket out, put it under a swivelling spout that the coffee grounds will shoot from, and allowed you to brew with a paper filter that could also change things a little as well. But we’re talking about adding significant dimension to the build of this machine and it seems like they’re trying to compete with Keurig, which has sleek, slim machines
Don't you guys use Miles in the UK?
"They haven't trademarked Drew's Brew - seems like a shame to me." 😂 That would be genius marketing!
Maybe this is a thought exercise for a future video, but have you thought about the top features you would want in a brewer if price wasn't an option? Like, the best single part that does each must-have feature on this ideal, nonexistent machine.
Not a fan of the 70’s aesthetic though. Might be a nice gift for my 70 year old mother but not me
Imagine James Hoffmann being your mother in law.
waiting for taobao to come up with a proper alternative to the burr
James. For once you are completely wrong! You are going about this the wrong way. You should never question Drew Barrymore.  You have to drink the coffee again, and this time, when you taste it. Imagine that Drew just made that cup of coffee for you. Now tell her to her face that you do not like it.... You can't can you?
Buying this cheap plasticky piece of sh!t, you can have a piece of Drew on your countertop. Brew with Drew, yaaay! 😂
Why am I not surprised
The “grinder” seems more like a wood chipper, it seems to just pulverize the beans and what ever pieces come out, come out. Like putting the beans in a towel and hitting them with a hammer. 🤔😔
I would have liked to see the brew basket after the coffee was brewed and see what the water did to the grounds.
“You’re watching a 15min video of a man trash talking a coffee machine?” - my wife
Do you think it’s better or worse than an aeropress
I’ve been looking to get an espresso maker and trying to decide between a nespresso or a cheap espresso machine on Amazon. Honestly trying to save money while still buying something that’ll work for a basic latte or cappuccino. Any advice?
That machine screams Folgers and/or Maxwell House LOL:)
I don't want Drew Barrymore's coffee brewer. Buying second hand seems a bit sketchy when it comes to coffee brewers.
Shame it's useless :(
I was on board until the touch screen. give me buttons!😊
A big problem I would have also is a white led on an off-white background.  Kind of hard to read.
Way to much talking!
Might as well by an nespresso..
Lame
30 seconds in, we knew where this was going . . .
I both: don’t want to, whilst also needing to know how this is cleaned.
You'll have to pry Freedom Units from my cold dead hands.
Bean and gone
The last time I have seen something from Drew was during a naughty moment in my late teenage world, and it was related to some triple X thing......seems nothing has changed since. ;-)
Yep just what I figured. You get what you pay for.
Metric has already won the war a long time ago
Have you tried the smarter coffee brewer. Seems to be a bit better than this
Nice try fed I'm not paying my taxes
Actually metric is a pain...
James could you please give me your thoughts on delonghi specialty coffee maker is it a good buy i already have a grinder?Thankyou!
Not sorry! I'm American and hate the idiotic way most things are measured! (Sourdough) baking is making the case for metric as well. As always, it's much more precise and easier to replicate.
fwiw it’s probably us customary ounces rather than imperial. not that it’s like… better, but the us never used imperial 🤷🏼‍♀️
You put racing fuel in a Dacia and are surprised of its lack of power; put an F1-driver behind the wheel, and criticise the mushy steering-feel. For the majority of coffee-drinkers who buy cheap, pre-ground black-roasted walmart-coffee, freshly ground beans alone will be a step up. They will be very happy with their purchase, they will like the taste and convenience, and I think there is nothing wrong with that.  You have proven your reflected, mindful nature many times, in this case I don't see the point.
On top of everything you mentioned, that plastic basket is problematic. I have switched away from plastic involved in any brewing/cooking so that the heat doesn't break it down and release microplastics and such. This became something on my radar after noticing that my plastic electric kettle was leaving visible bits and pieces in the water. Unless the basket is rated specifically for the safety of hot water and the acid of coffee, it's not worth it.
Those big and small pieces give you twice the taste. You said it yourself 😂.  Looks nice on the outside, sadly rubbish on the inside. Did you test with 120V/60Hz??? Nice shirt. Would love to see a good machine in this size.
Fun video, and now we know, thank you
You don't need to spend even this much to get a fine result - just a manual grinder and a french press, trading more effort for less cost which is a normal tradeoff.
I love love love these honest, straight forward reviews! Thanks James. You're really awesome and a pleasure to listen to! Luuuuurve your content.  Sorry but not sorry for Drew Barrymore in this context.  ✌️😃💕🙏
Very interesting that Andrew Barrymore would put out a coffeemaker.
I like the Phillips automatic espresso machines. Recently got my boss to buy a 1200 for the office - at $400 it's not under $100, and doesn't have a clock (a shame) but you get actual espresso from a real grinder. I'd love to see James Hoffmann review one of those.
@JamesHoffmann I really like the coffee painting! Where can I buy it online?
The funny thing is that James doesn't mean to roast the product he just lays it out how it is
Coffee and weed are only things sold by grams in US 😂
The volume of coffee brewed is an issue beyond just the brew ratio. If you have a 350ml/ 12oz mug and you set it to brew 12oz it will fill your mug to the brim and probably overflow, an issue that I believe Keurigs have as well. The solution is then to brew 11oz, or with a Keurig 10oz to leave room in your mug, but then you are brewing significantly less coffee than you would get from brewing with 350ml of water.
I am probably as of now about the only person who is commenting that doesn't know you.  So, I figured, ok, let's what's this is all about.  Yeah, for $100 (let's not quibble about the buck, as there is gonna be sales tax), should I toss my Mr. Coffee.  Glad to see I will be keeping it. I might search your videos for a coffee grinder review, but for now, I appreciate you going through the process and letting us know about it. Also, I am going to subscribe since you also don't play any music while you are talking (I'm hoping that's true on the other videos).
Drew been real quiet since this one dropped...
I’d like a Ferrari.
I had a Cuisinart Grind and Brew that woke me up every day for years until I upgraded. I wish a timed function was common in the modern  brewers like my Tasimo or Barista Express.
Have I missed an episode where you feature the Tasimo? For the single brew convenience i use one with after market refillable brew pods and achieve the results that the DB Machine is trying to do. I get a quick no fuss coffee that tastes great to my taste. (Maybe I have a weird sense of taste?) There is a community if people who have "Hacked" the bar code system and I just use the barcode I downloaded and printed to make the brewer cycle fit my taste.
In the US we mix metric and imperial all the time. Honestly, grams and ounces makes sense because our scales will do grams, and it saves having to say ounces (volume) vs ounces (weight).
All beeps no slurps.
Honestly this looks really nice compared to a Keurig. Sure, us snobs won't like it, but for my wife who plows through k-cups, it seems like an upgrade.
So, this is the Brew Darrymore
Not that expectations were high but still a bummer, it's a neat idea at least.  I'm sure it'll do well enough for some folk but maybe if their "budget" in pricepoint was a bit higher they could have fixed a few things.  Cleaning that looks like a nightmare though
When he opened the basket 🤢
I love James's content in general but it does feel sometimes a bit like I am being left out of the experience of being in this particular coffee enthusiast community because I have a strong preference for darkly roasted coffee. Around the 14 minute mark he draws a contrast between darkly roasted coffee and "nicely" roasted coffee, implying darkly roasted coffees are bad or being mistreated in the production process. This is not the first time on this channel he implies that darker roasts are failing to live up to what coffee could (or should) be. It honestly sometimes feels like "specialty" is code for "light to medium-light roast" on this channel. The lack of a true dark roast in the Great American Coffee Taste Test reinforced this for me.  I truly like dark roast coffee; I like the earthy tones, I like the notes of cocoa and toffee and wood and caramel. I don't like an acid or fruit forward flavor profile. My daily brew is a Guatemala single origin French roast from a local producer who does a beautiful job crafting their expression of those beans' flavor. I don't really know where I'm going with this, but I do wish that this channel did a better job at recognizing that there is fantastic coffee worth experiencing at every roast level, and that dark roasts don't automatically mean burnt and unpleasant.
Why not try it with a darker roast, if that's what it's suited to?
James, go ahead and create one. Create a low price machine that will make a good coffee! Maybe kickstarter?
Drew Barrymore is on my personal blacklist after she tried to break the strike
16:11 that could’ve been used as a prop on a Silent Hill movie
This would kill the dog espresso and Nespresso i had visiting family for Christmas
Fun proxy: if a « technology » is trademarked, it’s bogus. Marketing bogus to be exact. Serious tech isn’t trademarked, it is patented or peer-reviewed.
False burr = more microplastics in ur coffee Would have liked to see James measure the water volume consumed from the tank (input volume).
a bean to cup for $99?
I think there are some flaws in the methodology here. The product differentiation isn't necessarily to brew good coffee, but to brew better coffee in its segment. The comparison is a cheap bag of Folgers in this machine against pre ground in a cheaper Mr. Coffee. Is this a step up for someone who has to work a 12 hour shift, raise kids, and can't justify putting away time and money for a better setup?
I think the main point with these products is the ease of use. You press a button, you get a cup of coffee. Anything else is extra.
Filter coffee? Urgh!
James, James, James.  You knew better.   I see this as a JH fail not a DB fail.  We all know better on these garbage products.  They are all substandard and the coffee all tastes relatively the same.  Your time is more valuable.
Hello james, I bet you will fix it...
Shame really, it doing all the things at a low price sounds neat... But it just falls short.
Looking at that basket with the coffee fines splattered all over. :)
9:30 I burst out laughing 😂
Why would you buy a coffee grinder/maker from someone who devoted her life to acting...?
Here's my thought on cheap improvement: Have the water pour in from a ring (google ring shaped shower head for example) and then have the grounds drop in above it. My concern is how they prevent moisture from entering the grinder during the drew brew
Good review!  The entire family of Beautiful appliances suck.  They are targeted for women on impulse buy instead of data-driven performance-based purchasing decisions.
Brew Barrymore
I wish you had tried it again with a darker roast. This review seems to cater towards the serious coffee drinkers that would never even consider this thing to begin with, rather than being for the people that might be looking to purchase this. You knew just by looking at it that a light roast would result in weak coffee, setting it up for the most obvious failure. The comparison people would come here looking for is this thing against the Keurig they are familiar with, with Dunkin Donuts or Starbucks beans. Nobody is cross shopping this vs a proper grinder and french press or pour over, etc. The result is a video that skews more towards coffee-snobbery entertainment rather than a helpful review.
I've been debating whether James Hoffman is the Gerald Undone of the coffee world or if Gerald Undone is the James Hoffman of the camera world.
You don't need to apologize to America for your countries original unit of measurement. We just don't care and use both metric and imperial depending on the job.
Machinist/Mouldmaker and fellow coffee person chiming in on the burr point:  Yes, indeed, manufacturing a proper burr from a hard material like a hardened steel alloy or from a ceramic requires expensive machining time, expense in the material, and expensive cutting tools to cut that hard material. A manufacturer will not take on those costs in a design unless the product was a higher end item. There is simply no way around the costs associated with that critical component. Those false burrs are almost always cast metal or MIM (metal injection moulded): Cheap and fast.  I think this seems like an interesting addition to the space, for someone: Not for me, though. Personally, I prefer making my coffee manually or, when at work we have the serviceable-because-it's-free Keurig.  Cheers!
"I wish it was better, but its not".  Straight savage... Truly appreciate the honest review.
I don't understand why anyone would want to use anything other than a Keurig or a Nespresso machine for coffee.
15:18 nice touch 🥦
You mentioned that the chute that the ground coffee travels through was "damp" and it was covered in coffee fines. Do you think there's a concern that part of the machine might grow mould if it isn't cleaned frequently?  I mention this because I don't think most people buying this thing would think to clean that part of the machine, at all.
I don't understand the logic that went into "we're going to grind these beans and try to shoot it sideways out an opening into something next to it." Just have it fall through like any grinder ever made. I used the Krups Grind and Brew for a number of years. I thought it was pretty good, but that was before learning about this channel and going down the rabbit hole learning about coffee.
My experience is the most important thing you can upgrade in your coffee production is the grinder. I was skeptical when I went from a blade grinder to my first relatively cheap burr grinder but was really sold the very first day. As I changed to brewing espresso at home, I upgraded my burr grinder and was very happy with the choice.  Brewing methods have so many relatively inexpensive ways to make coffee. For those, my experience is the more ability to control the process the better. The problem I have in theory is that a machine like this really just has three settings I can change.  An automatic machine is a nice idea, but I routinely adjust grind size depending on different beans and brewing methods, extraction time, dose of coffee, etc. If this is brewing a weaker cup, it might be difficult to adjust things to get an adequate cup. Or it might just be wasteful if I'm having to grind twice the coffee I normally have to.
When you look at it as alternative to kcup, it is totally fine. It's for normal people not sophisticated drinker. It's better for the environment. Looks hard to clean though !
I wonder what the result would be if you used your own ground coffee in that thing?
Not naming it „Drew Brew” or „Drewer” is a missed opportunity.
More like Brew Darrymore, am I right?
James, can you do an updated review on the Sage (Breville) Precision Brewer? I believe your review was 4 years ago, and the product has since changed.
If it says 8ounces, damnit, I want 8 ounces.
It sure is a cute machine for wal-mart shoppers. Looks like it was engineered towards it’s customers. Not to coffee connoisseurs!
Ounces ?! That’s horrible…
I think a machine you have missed so far is the Melitta Aroma boy. It is really cheap, below €50 usually and brews absolutely fantastic coffee. You need to pair it with a grinder, but as budget hand grinders got really cheap lately, it can still be below the €100 limit. It looks like a toy machine (beige is the only correct color choice :) ), but it brews really good filter. When feeding with good beans it is on par with a v60 brew. Its only drawback is its size: you cannot go above 340 ml brews (that's the capacity of its water tank). Also that while it uses trapezoid filters, it needs a really small size. Few brands have those, so that can be a problem (Cafec has, Melitta only has unbleached). Although can be solved by any trapezoid filter and a pair of scissors.  Because of its small size only a limited amount of brewer can be used instead of the one it comes with. But what you can do is take off it's "lid" (more like a cover, doesn't do anything meaningful) and then you can turn around the spout so it faces back. And then you have a much larger (vertical) space and you can use any brewer or carafe you want. But again, it does a really good job with it's own brewer too so it is not necessary.  I would highly recommend to check it, it's absolutely fantastic for it's price and the brew it produces is on par with the much more expensive coffee machines and even with hand brewing. I think it is the absolutely best beginner brewer, because it is cheap and you can get good brews without any knowledge on brewing.
Looks good but a load of 💩
There's a subscription service here in Israel called Beanz where you're lent a bean to cup machine and a monthly supply of beans from their catalog. I have heard decent things about it but I have no first hand experience.
Do you have any plans to review the Turin Legato? Looking at specs, seems like a great pickup for my first machine, but you never know with how new it is. Thanks for what you do James!
Tastes... scabby...
If I close my eyes I only hear Winnie the Pooh 😂
GRATS ON 2 MILLION MR HOFF
James, could you review the Beko bean to cup machine? It's the cheapest bean to cup in the UK by far (£150-200) and has got a burr grinder. It does a fairly good job on anything  that is not a light roast or towards acidic taste notes.
I am schocked that Drew Berrymore would drink this coffee
If you really want to go cheap, you can get a much better cup with a handheld burr grinder and an aeropress, french press, or pour-over. I've even seen some pretty decent electric grinders for a little more than $100. Doesn't seem like a great product.
Thanks James. I avoid Walmart so will never see one of these. And that's a good thing after watching your video.
Brew Barrymore would have been a better selling name
Drew Berrymore and Wal-Mart. 2 names that should never be in a sentence.
I mean it's going against the Keurig. Ever since I trashed it and started French pressing with a whatever grinder my coffee quality has been light years higher.
James. You are a professional. If you are going to test a product, use the setting it's made for. Go buy some dark roast beans for 10 and use it like intended. Also go get your spare keurig and k cups and compare to see if it's an improvement.
Could you do a video on cold brewed coffee? And nitro cold brew?
Once again, James comes through for us.
I always want something to be good at $99 but somehow that rarely is the case. my burr grinder along with a French press has served me for years to make delicious coffee without too much hassle.
This is a really good idea - sad that it performs so poorly.
...Brew Barrymore................Sorry
I just like james’s way of talking😂
James forgets about the all mighty US customary fluid oz which this machine is no doubt referencing!
I can’t help but imagine Brad Pitt haphazardly spilling his bag of “coffee beans” into the Drew Brew.
The colour of the lights and the colour of the machine is a bane of my existence 😂 How you’ll see the menu with that contrast?!
Is there a video on slow dry vs washed vs natural process ways of making the beans ? How is altitude affecting? Any general characteristics of it being from Kenya or mexico or Ethiopia?
Romans 10:9 If you declare with your mouth, “Jesus is Lord,” and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved.
celebrities pushing products makes me run as fast as I can
Don't know about you, but I am regular coffee drinker that knows almost nothing about coffee, but hearing James talking about it is fascinating!😁
The Brew Darrymore Machine.
You can get a good grinder and drip coffee maker for under $60. This thing is pure gimmick. GTFOH with that.
At that price point, no one expected greatness, but how does it compare to a kuerig or other cheaper options? It might make better coffee than what you have at work for $99.
To me the K cup strength comparison makes so much sense for who they are marketing to. People who have heard of Walmart but not the Gaggia Brera. $380 on sale would be way more than a Keurig fan would pay for a coffee appliance.
I understand your concerns, but think you might have missed the point. Try using this for dark-roasted beans drunk by the typical K-Cup drinker and see if this contraption fares any better. Pretty sure they weren't aiming for the light-roasted specialty market here....
Drew Coffeemore
Did you try using preground coffee?
Imagine Americans switching to an entirely more reasonable system of measurements rather than telling themselves the goofy dated system they've always used is the best in the world... 12 rods per hog head for life here in Texass
Coffee for idiots. They'll sell a billion.
The fact you can Soft Lock your coffeemaker is a terrible design flaw.
The dB Logo makes me think of "dig bick energy", or just decibel, which I find both questionable features in a coffee machine.
There was only one missed opportunity which was to misplace "Drew" and "Brew" in a pun.
Brew Darrymore
Most people use dark roast so let's test this using a light roast!
I appreciate the new camera position. Somehow having the bookshelf grow out of the side of James's neck like one of the Frankenstein monster's bolts was quite disturbing.
I dont buy coffee from commies
Get a decent hand grinder, pair it with a cheap IKEA french press, you will still yield much better result than this thing.
A price of $100 is probably too low to produce a decent machine of this type,  but could it be done for $200?  I'd definitely be interested!
Hello mister Hoffmann, im going to travel europe next year with my bike and tent and i plan for 2 things. 1. beeing on the road for 12 months 2. im not going to miss out on coffee during that time! right now my outdoor coffee setup is a little wood fire in a  foldable steelbox and a espresso cooker on top, works allright but the coffee isnt great ( i guess its the uneven heat of the wood fire, not sure though). My question to you is: how would you brew your coffe if traveling with bike and tent for a year?
i wish it was better, but it's not 😂 love the honesty...trust worthy
For those who need to know Slurps: 0 Beeps: 13
I guess it is trying to get those new into coffee
The resulting average brew isn't surprising given it's made in a country whose coffee chain store/franchises' success is based on coffee that tastes like bath water.
I appreciate not tearing the machine to shreds over the grinder limitations and oddly shaped basket, though in some ways I wish there'd been a comparison of a fairly standard brewer (perhaps the Breville that used to feature from time to time) using normal grocery store beans (doesn't have to be as bad as Folgers or something, but just average beans an average consumer might pick up _at_ Walmart to go with it) and normal tap water (which is what the same people would be getting).  If it's within spitting distance of a different brewer they could buy at a regular store, and at a much lower price point, that'd be interesting. I feel like most folks who would be shopping in the store you'd find these are not going to have specialty coffee, are almost certainly not going to have specially treated water.
Had to search ounces.  1oz ≈ 30ml
Seeing as the intended audience is Americans and they drink very dark roasts typically, like your Starbucks and such, perhaps a try with one of those kinds of beans would provide a different experience? Rather than specialty.
I wish this machine could make cappuccino. It would brew dairy more. (I'm sorry)
V60 or aeropress is quiteč cheap, combined with some cheaper grinder you would make much better coffee. But if you don't care about coffee that much, this brewer looks quite nice, has some nice features and doesn't waste plastic like pods do. The coffee might be meh, but it is probably better than instant coffee. I kinda get the appeal of this thing. It is not for coffee nerds tho
Let's be honest here. I never expected you to come out positive on this one, and I think nobody did. For that price it's just so unlikely to be goos, or it's going to be lauded everywhere. But that basket and technology of nutting all over it is an instant dealbreaker
I love me some James Hoffmann. I have no attachment to Drew Barrymore. I have zero love for this kind of corporate-designed landfill fodder type of appliance.   But.   For some reason I saw this thumbnail and my heart broke for this tiny, sweet machine that never had a chance at makin’ it in the big leagues. Poor little guy. I also felt a little sad for the target market who might see this as a thing they like being skewered.  That said, James was very fair to this machine as he always is. I don’t think many folks in the target walmart audience are going to be buying specialty coffee of any roast type and probably have little interest in the dedication of time and money to coffee excellence that this audience does, nevermind the remote chance they’d be watching this as members of James Hoffmann fandom. They would likely regard us as very silly people for caring about coffee so much, so alls well that ends well. 🙂   Very well covered by James, and I hope you have a great day. 🙂
“Metric is winning; sorry America”?! Where do you think we got the Imperial system? It’s in the name. We did throw away your gift despite how wonky it is.
Waiting on the Hames Joffmann version of this Brew Darrymore machine
So this is a product made for ease of use and it is as if you are comparing a family car to a Ferrari and only pointing out flaws.  At the end when you said with darker beans would brew better, so why not test that and say how it tastes compared to your prefered methods of this bean that was too flat now. As if the problem of too flat of a taste could be fixed by just darker beans while giving the user all the ease of use some might find that proposition is exactly what they wanted.  So overall a nice video, but same as the brewed coffee, ended with a flat taste in our mouths.
Wow, what a hunk of junk! The grinding component is just so ill conceived and terribly executed. (Not that I was about to buy one of these anyway! haha)
Brew Darrymore!
I bought one of these. The grinder was rubbish, and the cottee was cold. Return it one day later. Save your money.
As always, I love watching your videos for the education on coffee and products. Thank you.
Hello James! For the price the machine is a shame. For my daily use in the morning I let my Philips Grind & Brew do the job since years and I am happy with it. Would be nice to hear your opinion about those machines.
Apologies, I have to get this out.  So, it's Brew Dairymore?  I'll let myself out.
Good Morning James. I have a couple of interesting questions for you in relation to this video.  Is it possible to ‘fix’ the problems with the machine and thereby get a better working machine? And would it be worth it to do so?
my brother work in a metal shop..i wonder if i could make a  custom burr for this and make it better  Edit: guess it owuldnt be worth it in the end .. i wonder how much it would help tho
I thought maybe you'd try to put a proper grounded coffee in to test the water brewing part independently 😁 Or maybe you did, but not worth showing. I doubt it'll be any good anyway 😂
Brew Darrymore, this made me laugh 😂
I guess we can just be glad that Gwenyth Paltrow hasn't broken into the coffee market yet.
It makes Fines and Boulders, not complementary.
Hello everyone   My absolute tip for making what I think is good coffee very cheaply is: The Hario V60 starter set with the 600ml glass jug and the plastic dripper in size 2 for around 20 to 30 euros.   In addition   The Graef CM-500 coffee grinder, which is absolutely unsuitable for espresso but with a grinding level of 30 for a dark roast or a grinding level of 20 for a lighter roast gives very good grinding performance for filter coffee. You can get the mill for around €40.   And then James' tried and tested pouring technique and I could convince everyone to use filter coffee with a good coffee bean. And all for well under €100.   And not to forget you get the feeling of a good handmade coffee for free. Cheers
Sometimes, I wonder if I'm too far down into the coffee rabbit hole, and then I see the filter at 9:27 and get physically sick, confirming that, yes, I'm wayy far past the point of no return. We're all weird coffe persons down here.
Would love to see the future mods on this machine
Brew Darymore
Sounds like it is ripe for open source firmware. Maybe a replacement for the not really sharp bits in the grinder too.
When I was a penniless student, I had a simple filter machine which didn't grind the beans. I had to buy ground coffee for it, and once I'd experimented a bit and found some that matched the machine, I was set. I do think that was a better arrangement than being stuck with a grinder that ruins the beans before the brewing process even starts. My machine was also cheaper than this one.
Wait only sold at Walmart? Arnt you British?
Under $100 huh! What about sales tax which is added on in the USA .The cost will be around $108 give or take a few cents.
This is a great example of how fair James is to whatever he’s reviewing— treating them and their efforts with generosity while also holding them to a standard based on what they’re up to. I will say it would have been a bit more useful to have some more medium to darker roast coffee to test this thing would have been maybe more instructive all around— both its flaws which are not fixable (as you said) as well as maybe a touch better flavor.
I find it interesting that your voice gives off the same feel as drinking an amazing coffee while sitting in a relaxing cafe.
I don't even like coffee I just like listening to James talk xD
I love it when celebrities don’t have enough money so they slap their name on absolute bullshit.
PAPER IS OUT!!!!!
I so appreciate all your content, James!  I can't tell you how many times you have saved me from an awful purchase.  I am so disgusted they call these  things "burr grinders" when they're clearly not.  I used to have a Cuisinart grind-n-brew that had burr grinder and it was decent, without being over-the-top spendy.  Still more than the Barrymore, but you got real quality for your $$$.  I miss that coffee machine!!  It lasted 10 years of daily use, so can't complain.  I don't think the new Cuisinart grind-n-brew are at the same level of quality, but you love your input on them.  Thanks again, James. :)
One look at that “burr grinder” and “filter” plus mention of no ability to change grind size the watery extract was absolutely no surprise. If you cannot adjust grind size and theres no tamping the machine in question is not a coffee extractor and is worthless.
Drew Barrymore? More like Brew Badly More!
I have been hand poring coffee through a paper filter for 10 years ever since having one in a London coffee shop. Japanese $14 spout kettle, ceramic cone $8, 250 un bleached paper filters $12 and a $100 grinder thats running as good today as 10 years ago when I bought it. I will never look back.  You can control the grind which is the most important part. The strange thing since doing coffee this way I have stopped having multiple coffees during the day, this one morning cup is so substantial and potent and potent not in strength but just in how it sits. When I was drinking a lot of espressos I had multiple during the day.  Good review to help people make a better choice 👋
Who the duck is Drew Barrymore?
You really shouldn't have been surprised by the results. Just by having her name on it and it's sold in Walmart was a give away , but I did enjoy the video.
Still better than k-cups though
How come its name is not Brew Barrymore???
What a scam, for that money I'd buy another Cuptimo instead.
Why am I even watching this? I can't consume caffeine
I like the way he unintentionally kind of draws the logo into the grounds at 9:45 lol
Sorry James but really strangely distracted all the way through by that weird picture with all the green. I mean, where is that? Why is it there, looking very much out of place? A rare 'style' error!
That's a lot of tech for a hundred bucks. Shame the coffee is crap but it has to be a step up from instant, right?
If you go with a hand grinder, you could get a setup better than that for less, especially if not factoring in the cost of a cheap water kettle or scale which you should probably have anyway. Including those, with a cheap hario hand grinder which is admittedly slow with less than ideal ceramic burrs, you could probably have a setup for around 50 USD or so. There are some pretty nice hand grinders under the 100 USD range as well these days if you want to save your arms and get something with steel burrs. Of course, none of those have the convenience factor of putting beans and water into a machine and having it do its thing. My office before had a coffee machine though, and the coffee from it was so bad tasting that canned/bottled coffee or cheap instant coffee (with the correct amount of water) would've tasted better.
Breville/sage make a grind and brew
Of course, less than $100 from Walmart is automatically two red flags
So with the child like naivety I was wondering if you could put a real metal burr in there could it work. Assuming you could get one the right size?
I’ve been using a Breville bean to cup machine for eons. Is it uncommon to adjust the strength with the roast for your preference using my traditional and precise ways of brewing?  Since my taste vary often I’ll swap between coffee beans near daily sometimes more than once per day. I’ve always found myself using a bit more for lighter roast and less for darker roast to obtain the favors I prefer. Kind of figured that was normal?
Brew Barrymore 😅
🌻
@james make a 99£ machine. Let us brew by James
Gives me gas station vibes
And it will never make a cappuccino
I'm going to guess the answer is no before watching. Let's see how right I am.
Beans come in 200 gram packets !!!!!  What good is a 180 gram hopper ? AArrgghh
Phillips has one that doing a great job. I am not sure what grinder they use though.
Kind of wish you had tested it with more commercial dark roast coffee. I like fancy coffee, but i also just want low effort crappy coffee easily as well, most of the design concerns you mentioned didn't seem too bad until you got to weakness. curious how much better a dark roast would do there.
For me this begs the question, if/when James launches his own brand, or collaboration, of coffee products?
Looks like an absolute nightmare to clean too. 😮
Has James reviewed any similar, but high-end products? Like something that does bean to cup with a timer and has propper burrs? I do like the convenience of that.
BREW DARRYMORE!
David Attenborough in the world of coffee :D
My life goal is to make a subpar coffee product just on the radar enough for james to review it.
Hope you’ll review The Bird by Weber soon! Looks like a really interesting product, not to mention very beautiful.
Drew Barrymore.   Just have the swimming pool left to colour in.
I really would like to know James's perspective on the Severin FILKA Brewer. Similar concept but a whole bit more expensive and it seems at least to have far fewer compromises.
Such a miss to not call it "Brew Barrymore"
Patiently waiting for James to make something like this that ACTUALLY works.
Based on the reviews of the other small appliances in the Beautiful range, I'm going to guess it does a bad job before the video even starts.  The entire product line seems to lean very heavily on the form over function school of bad design, and there's absolutely no reason to believe this one will be any different.
mixing grams and ounces is exactly what one would expect from Drew Barrymore.
Drew's Brew got me 😂😂
She could’ve named it the “Brew Barrymore”…
Let's all remember Drew Barrymore was married to Tom Green. Daddy would you like some coffee?
This machine may satisfy the "wants and needs"of someone who, A. prefers flavored coffee creamers. B. likes the convenience of doing everything for you, and C. shops at Walmart.
i've yet to see any piece of coffee enthusiast gear that was worth a tenth of its retail price
I wish you has used a darker roast.
I’d love a cheap portable bean to coffee machine for my campervan to replace my mobile aeropress setup, but it would need to be a step up from this. Is there anything around the £200-£300 price point that does a good job?
I've seen more of these at a flea markets than actual primary market shelves. Just waste with a face slapped on the box.
Brew Darrymore
"Perfection is brewing.... somewhere else"
Cool
Drew Coffemore
Brew by Drew.
I love the optimism of thinking that anyone who buys this intends to put anything in it other than a Starbucks "medium" roast.
It's rare I even think this, but I think you missed it with this one. Obviously this thing isn't going to be great, especially for light-medium roast specialty coffee. That's not what it's made for. It's made to replace a Keurig. And that is a comparison I wish you had addressed. Yes, it would be nice if this thing could replace an Ode Gen 2, a nice gooseneck kettle, and a Hario Mugen and have the coffee ready when I wake up, all for $100. But we don't live in that world.  The people who this is made for probably aren't watching your videos. But many of their friends and relatives who would love to help them stop throwing away empty K-cups are. We need to know how it does with Dunkin Donuts beans they can get from the supermarket and how the experience (and the coffee!) compares to using a Keurig.
As a kid I was always fascinated by devices that would do two things at once, but over the years I've learned that usually means it is doing two things badly.
What a well explained review.
So when locked out of the menu can you reset it by unplugging it and plugging it back into the outlet?
You can make better coffee than k cups with a $39 automatic drip maker and a $19 Braun coffee grinder.  It's a blade arm grinder, not burr, but it's still going to provide freshly ground coffee and once you get to the stage of percolating hot water up a tube and over a coffee filter, they're all pretty much doing the same thing, from a cheap $20 drip maker to some fancy high end one at the corner coffee shop that cost $1000
I'd like to think that people who value good coffee also value things that lead them to refrain from giving money to Walmart.
I like the idea of a grinder and a v60 type brew combined with a timer function. Does anyone know of a quality machine that actually does this?
I have a Cuisinart burr grind and brew automatic coffee maker.  I've had it for over ten years.  I think I paid $250 or $300 for it.  If this has a burr grinder and if it lasts more than five years I'd consider it a good deal
Ounces are correct, the grams are the mistake. The Metric system is a fraud.
I don't like coffee I just like hearing him talk
It sold out...
... that Burr setup is actually pretty good. it does an amazing job for my moka pot...
Could we try spritzing water onto the whole beans and see if its noticeably better?
The shirt worn has the same color with the BOX 😂
Should have named it Brew Berrymore.
Ok cool
Seems like it was indeed designed by drew barrymore. Googled some numbers then boom. 😂😂😂 what a waste of manufacturing resources.
so basically James is saying this product sucks complete ass in the nicest way possible
MURICA 1 of 3 countries still stuck in Imperial system  😜  Metric-10 based system just too confusing for the flag wavers, chanting “ were #1”.
"BREW BARRYMORE" WAS RIGHT THERE COME ON
Could you please provide your review on Budan home espresso machines? Since India don’t have much options. I would love to have your opinion on this.
Such a miss. She should name the machine BREW BARRYMORE.
The combination of a cheap false burr and a steamy chute are going to cause problems. Accepting those problems might come down to extremely limited space. Then, maybe just feed it Major Dickason's for optimal brewing and hope to find a quick cleaning method? I'd probably just go with a good instant like Davidoff instead...
@thedrewberrymoreshow needs to respond to this
Walmart makes $12.40 off each one sold.  The more you know.
one day I'll wake up and all measurements are finally in the metric system 🙂
Brew coffeemore
Nah, I'll pass on the Brew Darrymore coffee machine.
Try it with grounded coffee...
This products name is it;s destiny, Drew who? 🙂
funny mofo. haha.
How was it with properly ground beans going in?
This is definitely ridiculous but I use the 6 oz “cup” marks on my batch brewer and grams for coffee. 60g/L works out to about 9 grams per “cup”. So I fill the water to the desired “cup” mark and count off the 9 times table to get the coffee weight. Anything to make making coffee while uncaffeinated easier
Forsooth! Drew is a woman scorned.
James! Please find the best bean-to-cup brewer with a built-in delay. I’d love to know how much it costs to get the version pf thos brewer that checks most of your boxes✅  🫶
Didn't know James can brew and roast at the same time.
I wonder how viable it would be to replace those burrs
We all remember the solar roasting video?  *James Hoffmann* wasn't tempted to have a new, custom burr manufactured.  And a paper filter with a snorkel to fit the grinder.  That was shade (and joy).  I'm waiting for the hope of a new day and - I guess - parts for this piece of crap.
No. I don't know of anything that will do better. Apart from spending half your savings on a grinder and then the other half on a "better burr set" for said grinder just to get a good cup of coffee. This is why I drink tea.
Brew Manymore
I bought this, in sage green. We put freshly roasted medium coffee beans in it with spring water. Although a bit messy to clean out the brew basket and the inside area where the ground coffee shoots out, it makes delicious coffee for us. We brew 16 ounces at a time into an insulated coffee tumbler. For $99 USD this machine is pretty good. The beans get ground nicely, the coffee is not watery nor weak. I just wish the company sold the gold foiled brew basket so I could own one more. It’s a bit of a pain to wait for the hot coffee grinds to cool down enough to dump the grinds in the compost bucket and then rinse out the basket. I prefer a freshly ground and breed cup of coffee, beats having to make a large coffee pot full.
I'm sure someone's asked this by now, but you said you can set it to use your own ground coffee. This isn't a thing I'd ever want to buy, but I'm curious as to how it does if you bypass the inferior grinder.
Love that they go to the trouble of engineering what looks like a pretty competent water spread system in the lid of the coffee compartment and then rendered it completely useless by having the grinder spray coat one side of the compartment with the bean fragments and dust. Seems like they could have sold it as a $50 regular coffee maker instead and it would have been closer to being worth it with the nice display and form factor and timer.
But honestly, anyone who buys this machine will most likely buy some standard supermarket dark roast coffee beans.
9:29 This is the most vile thing I have ever seen inside a coffee basket.  I avoid a conventional drip like the plague and somehow they made it worse.
Looks like it’s trying to be a budget xBloom. I really wish that platform took off more than it did. I love mine and think it meets a lot of needs.
Cheap Coffee Machine nightmare = James Hoffmann
On the grams/ounces thing: I think a lot of Americans are getting more comfortable using grams to measure small masses, especially in the case of coffee and also the shift towards measuring baking ingredients by mass instead of volume.  On the other hand, the fluid ounce and fractions/multiples thereof works pretty well for small liquid volumes. This doesn't hold up as soon as you need to do more complex math on it, but it honestly makes sense to me.
Could you imagine if you went to make coffee in the morning but accidentally locked yourself out of the machine? Nightmare fuel right there
I don't know why but James reminds me of Steve Coogan, and I don't mean Alan Partridge. Okay, maybe a little bit of Alan Partridge.
Funny, you need to to solve a math problem to get the right amount of ground coffee to get a "good" brew... thatt will work out fine in the morning or late in the evening...
I'd rather pay 40 bucks and get a moka pot that will brew delicious coffee
2:01 James many Americans measure their grounds in grams and the coffee that comes out in ounces don't worry metric isn't winning a milliliter means nothing to my brain.
I am a happy Jura user but I like to watch you talking about a Walmart cheap coffee machine because you are such an objective person and you always make me smile! Keep on with your good work ! From Québec , Canada ☕️☕️
Like Drew Barrymore I find this Coffee maker annoying.
Example: you will measure out 25 grams of coffee to mix with 470 ml of water. I mix 1 ounce of coffee with 16 ounces of water. which one looks like the unit designed for the task?   Metric is the answer for smug elitist know nothings. Metric is only good at one thing: making convoluted math to figure out theories about things.  the individual systems of measurement used throughout the world came about by people who build things finding a way to measure them practically.   Example: If I am building a door and I need specific lengths of wood for that, it is much better to find out what fraction you need. This is infinitely easier when you use a measurement in base 12 like feet and yards which can be divided by 2,3, or 4 rather easily. In metric it's 5 or 10. Again, this is because people who built things thought up the system that was most useful to them.  And before you even think about it, I have never had to convert feet or yards to miles because there really is no reason to. It is only for math fun to see how many footlong hotdogs you need to circumnavigate the globe at x latitude.  Ounces in coffee are the same way as stated in my first example. It's much easier to give people the choice of 8,12,16,20 oz of coffee than 236.5882375...ml, 354.88235625...ml, 472... And if metric is so wonderful why do you only use ml and L? I never see anything measured in centeliters or decaliters which would seem more appropriate for something the size of a cup of coffee. Why? I thought your system was so wonderful why the unused measures?  No sorry all you non American subjects. Metric is great for mathing out how many newtons of force it takes to overcome the gravitational pull of a x mass black hole with a y mass object. For everyday things like making a cup of coffee, metric is a poor substitute.
With good coffee costing $20-$30/lb. or more, saving up another $100 for a setup that lets you actually taste it is a worthwhile investment.
Im surprised you havent covered a Philips super automatic like the 1200. They can be grabbed for as little as 250$ on sale and make a pretty decent bean to cup, or you can go up significantly in price for nicer features and milk options. But for a basic bean to cup, although it lacks scheduling, its fast enough and produces decent results at the press of a button.
This may be heresy, but i use a smart outlet with my Moccamaster. Boom, coffee brewed right before i wake up...in a Moccamaster.
You don’t have to apologize for metric I use grams here in old Midwestern America.
Anybody else wonder if they're using ounces for water but using grams for coffee because they think it's a drug?
Please could you do a review of Alfie Deyes' Future Self Coffee? I'd love to know what you think as I've been thinking of trying it!
I Hate False Advertising!
only James can slam a product with polite grace.
Congrats to the whole team on 2m subs. Here’s to the next 2m+.
Drew Barrymore's Dirty Water Machine
Was I the only one on the edge of my seat waiting for particle size analyzer graphs?
I’ll never get the pursuit to find a true automated coffee maker at that price range. I find good water, good coffee, and my Aeropress never lets me down.  Clean up is pushing a little puck out and I’m ready to go again.  Seems simple to me.
That white display over a pastel color is painful to look at.
My Canadian friend use to call it WalMerde. I see no reason to dispute that.
To be fair, a 10oz Keurig Dunkin Donuts coffee is a thing of true sadness.
James knew what he was doing when he said that “Filthy” 😘
Just buy a good hand grinder and a french press! :)
The Tschibo is under $300 and I love mine.
Bought a fellow pour over and was also shocked that the brew guide listed coffee in grams and water in ounces
So buy a burr grinder and use the brewer?
I'll bet Drew Barrymore doesn't even have a picture of this coffee maker in her home. 😂
I’m pretty upset my v60 cone dripper doesn’t have an automatic timed feature 😤
"sorry, America". You say that... but in a way that makes me think you aren't sorry.  :-D
Please James------ if one bypasses the grinder and uses coffee ground beforehand and also puts in a paper filter (should work if grinder is bypassed?) how is the final cup of coffee? It would appeal to me to use that way because it does not scream "Keurig" on my kitchen counter and, very important, the coffee could be filtered through a quality paper filter. Did you test the water brewing temp?
How they have done tbe brewing math makes more sense.
When your machine can't even make coffee better than a bog standard drip coffee machine, you have a problem.
I always love your really open and honest phrasing of everything, but I don't know if I ever mentioned how much I love your format/order of what you say. It's only once the viewer is given the information about the machine and proccess that you divulge the truly negative critiques. It doesn't come bashing in, derailing the flow of what we're talking about. It also makes for some entertaining episodes where we're just appreciating the cool parts and hypotheticals of equipment or a process.
It's ok, just say it......hot garbage.
Brew Darrymore's brewer.
Metric unfortunately is the answer. There isnt alot of americans left that care that much to keep imperial measure. Most of them wouldnt know the difference if you changed it
BREW BARROWMORE
Likely taking a kcup with 11g of coffee and putting 300ml of water thru, vs setting a 300ml brew size and letting it grind enough to get a good tasting cup.
If you only have $100, is it better to get this one, or regular brewer without a grinder and just get pre-ground coffee packets from a supermarket?
I'm not totally against it. When I opened my coffee shop in Poland in 1993, most people thought cappuccino came out of a bag (instant). They had never experienced decent coffee ever in their lives. What I noticed was that some people were able to develop discernment, but there were quite a few who never did. They literally couldn't taste the difference between a cup of instant cappuccino and a real one made from fresh ground espresso and milk.  This machine appears to be made for a very specific audience - North Americans, probably mostly in rural and suburban areas, whose main form of coffee brewing was a filter machine with a carafe, or "no-nonsense" coffee. In other words, the complete opposite end of coffee snobbery. The "Anti-coffee-snob." For them, this might be the first time they try their coffee fresh-ground. That might start to open their eyes to drinking a better cup of coffee or it might not. They're most likely NEVER going to enter the world of espresso or pour-over coffee, and don't want to make the financial commitment to a Keurig machine or the pods (in that sense the metal filter fits right into a certain money-wise mentality).   As far as the "ounces out" aspect, it really wouldn't make sense any other way. People buy cups and mugs in standard sizes (8, 10, 12, 16 oz.) and it would be horribly confusing to choose which setting to use for a given sized cup if the machine were calling out the water-in amount.   I think there's absolutely a market for this machine in the US, and they nailed a product at a price point that that customer will likely agree to spend on it.
The Niche Duo would be cool.
How does it compare to a $20 coffee maker and a $80 hand grinder?
This video was an emotional rollercoaster
That screen looks near invisible
Cheap brewer = cheap coffee
It's amazing how many coffeemakers don't do a good job of brewing a good, strong, hot cup- that's all we want.  It's not that complicated, yet most of them can't get it right.
Could the vendor or a third party make a proper metal burr retrofit upgrade for this thing?
Is there a machine out there that is similar to this in terms of features, but actually does a GOOD job?  I like the convenience in theory but this one sounds like a stinker.  But is there a good version of this idea somewhere?
"Extract 2X more flavor" is quite simple.  It is compared to a coffee pod that, according to its label, contains 0.37 oz (10.5 grams) coffee.  This makes a pretty weak 10 oz (296ml) cup of coffee.  This coffee maker can add more grounds to make a stronger beverage.
No to scab coffee makers.
I am so sick of products designed by people who have no regard for (or actually seem to hate) the utility of what they are designing. If companies actually cared about anything other than just making money, so many more products would actually be good and useful.
I mean I would pay 200 in a heartbeat for a good all in one but sadly I haven't yet to find one.   Sadly nothing really comes close to my 70 dollar burr grinder and an aeropress or pour over.  The problem is that I don't want to fuck with that shit at 5 in the morning.    I love doing it for an afternoon coffee or on my days off where I can sleep in.     I keep hoping to see a decent all in one that can have a nice hot cup ready to go when I get up in the morning.
Why on earth would they make the decision to Make the screen the same color as the unit only to have the clock and other LED buttons nearly illegible?
James: owns a coffee roasting company...has no access to dark or even medium roast beans. Lol.
Wonder if you could upgrade the burr, or if it's some proprietary shape (for how it fastens in).  Though not sure if it'd be worth it.
Spend that little bit more - Aeropress and Porlex grinder - that's my starting kit, and I can enjoy everything from the darkest dark to the funkiest speciality.
I'm no expert but your points on a walmart coffee maker just make you look umm ... english
"Ooerrr, now I'm in for it" thinks the machine as it's presented with a) speciality coffee, and b) James Hoffman. Honestly, a Walmart coffee maker is better suited to Walmart brand coffee, and for the most part those buying it aren't interested in coffee ratios and flavour profiles. But it was a fun video, even if I was wincing as James put the cup to his lips!
it's 250, not 99
Drew's Brew was really a missed opportunity.
To be fair, an entry-level acceptable burr grinder would likely cost more than this. My "cheap" Oxo grinder was certainly more than USD$100.
I personally hate when celebs come out with their own brand of "something".  I mean, most aren't doing it for the money, it's all about the clout.  Trying to stay relative in a world that has forgotten them by putting their name on useless junk that almost no one will buy because they already have a good working Bunn or Kuerig.
American coffee is AWFULL!
I would like to see ~$250 version of this.  Small bean to cup pour over coffee machine with proper burr grinder would be kind of special.
i mean for that price, to be fair, probably only worth the comparison against a starbucks or dunkin coffee (and with beans that they sell)
It's kind of a shame. I was thinking, with the delay and the built in grinder and the clock face, it's the perfect nightstand coffee brewer. Sadly the grinder kills it.  I wonder if there's going to be a coffee nerd somewhere with a 3 D printer and a discarded old set of coffee burrs that hacks it into something closer to excellent?
Never expect much of this review. In reality, looking into the target market of the average American that will buy this, they only buy dark dark roasted coffee. And that what they will find in Walmart anyway.   Buy the coffee maker and the coffee that works with it at the same time. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Even if it was the best coffee machine in the world, it's still a scab coffee maker.
PLEASE NO MORE OUNCES!! Litres were there for a reason - let's save the viewer some time and sanity and use litres only!
I knew it wouldn't be for me but i thought maybe for someone else until you opened it after brewing and showed the wet mess inside. Yuck!
I saw Drew Barrymore drinking coffee at a Denny's off Winnetka in 1987.
False burr.  Not worth $50
She peaked at firestarter.
As always, I love watching your videos for the education on coffee and products. Thank you.
That false burr grinder just screams microplastics
If it looks like an Apple product knock-off and is cheap you can 100% count on the objective performance to be utterly shit.
Is the unit going to someone in your Patreon? 🤣🤣🤣
Gotta love James reviewing shitty machines.
$99 is a good price... they could upgrade it for a little more and maybe it would do better?  I hope they watch this review and make a Version 2.0 or sell upgrade burrs.  Most of us have the better equipment already so I am not in the market, but it would be excellent to be able to refer a friend to something affordable like this.
As for the coffee filter: Why don't you try it, using a paper filter that is fully flat (ie no wavy shape to it)? That might prevent the ground coffee from falling onto the metal mesh... Maybe!?
So me at nearly 2 AM in the morning watching this - I don't even drink coffee
Thank you James good video
you get what you pay for
i think the biggest mistake in the existence of this product was that it claimed to be a coffee brewer. if one is expecting a coffee bean flavored water, coffee brewing math is unnecessary lol.
Could also be a small b?
Dislike sincer her actions during the strike. 👎
Oh my gosh, I was at Walmart yesterday looking for a popcorn popper and came across these weird beige small kitchen appliances. Just getting started on the video but can't wait for the explanation!
Were you able to test its ability to take in ground coffee from a good grinder and see how it did there? Given the known ratios it chooses during the brews, I'd think you could compensate with a grind size and offer "the best you can get" from this in a similar vein as you did with cheap drip brewers.
I have strong feelings when it comes to "Beautiful" products. They look cheaper than the worst toys at Walmart. Terrible finish and plastic. I've seen better made Barbie cars. I just don't feel like playing with a dollarstore toy when I make my coffee. Sure, this isn't for me as I enjoy the process of pour-over or using my Mara X but I'm saying that even if I were to get a cheap automatic, you've reviewed many better ones already. But damn are these reviews entertaining!
I measure my ground coffee in grains. I do this because when I started out, the only scale I had was for measuring gunpowder for remanufacturing ammunition, and all of the load data is in grains.  I can switch it to grams, but the scale starts in grains and it’s like 3 buttons and that’s work. So, a good shot is about 300 grains of coffee.
Woke hollywood coffee cannot possibly taste very good
James, those shoulders are showing, you’ve been into the gym for a while huh. Congrats!
"That's not ground coffee that's just piece of bean" James, hate to break this to you jimmy buddy. They're all pieces of bean
i'll stick with m dollarstore french press
False burrs, not a real grinder -> not real coffee
No James I don't think you missed anything. lol
As a Yankee, I'm hoping more accept logical metric.
Ounces in reference to water is actually a volume measurement (fluid ounces)  Grams are a much better measurement for small masses because a ounce (weight) of coffee would be a ton.
I mean, at least try brewing a darker roast... Won't ultimately change the verdict, obviously, but feels well short of a fair run not to try it.
I got to be honest, I do not like how the display clashes with the color. It's hard to see.
How would this machine compare to the Breville Grind Control Coffee Maker?
😂on the crappy bur ”these are not that,… they’re like like aggressively rubbing the coffee beans together with your hands.”
Maybe this brewer can’t unlock all the beauty and complexity of a specialty coffee that has been carefully roasted—but I bet it would do brilliantly with those FRESH BEANS that Brad always brings around.
Why didn't she name it the Brew Barrymore?
I just loved the rants! Especially the 40% extraction part... I think they needed that schooling. Bravo James!
If it’s endorsed by a celebrity you need to pay them, so you need to compromise somewhere
The whole ounces vs grams debate is silly. We, in the US, are completely fine doing whatever we need to do so that we avoid decimals! That’s why the coffee being in grams is fine.  Also, is driving on the left side imperial or metric? I jest.
The funny part of the metric rant is that all of our customary units are legally defined in terms of metric units, so fluid ounces are technically just odd units meaning "29.57mL".  This machine is clearly not aimed at "coffee people", though, which makes it hard to judge appropriately. It's definitely a step up from the terrible pod and pre-ground drip machines on the market, but it's also a stepping stone at best on somebody's coffee journey. $99 is at least not a horrible price point for a celebrity product.
I have a Timemore C2 hand grinder and an Aeropress, which are together essentially the same price as this - and while they're much less convenient, I think they do a good job of "unlocking" the world of good coffee beans. I'd say that's a better investment for someone who really cares about coffee but can't justify spending hundreds
"That’s not ground coffee; that’s just a piece of bean." Vintage James 😂😂😂
Thousands of comments… DID anybody respond w the assignment question? Other grinder/brewers at similar price??  I see a GEVI Grind & Brew for $149  Also, Cuisinart Single Serve Coffee Maker + Grinder for $149
Time for someone to engineer a replacement for that false burr
I always love your really open and honest phrasing of everything, but I don't know if I ever mentioned how much I love your format/order of what you say. It's only once the viewer is given the information about the machine and proccess that you divulge the truly negative critiques. It doesn't come bashing in, derailing the flow of what we're talking about. It also makes for some entertaining episodes where we're just appreciating the cool parts and hypotheticals of equipment or a process.
Guess the old adage "you get what you pay for" still applies.
Drew Barrymore's Coffee Machine a HARD NO!
What a missed opportunity to name it The Brew Darrymore coffee machine.
When James says "You've got to have a more uniform grind size." I HEAR "You'e got to spend $250 on just the grinder to have a deent cup of coffee."    _Here I am watching rich men (of all genders) play coffee._ t's like going to a tennis match to watchJamesss. I daresay I shall never taste anything he calls "decent."
anyone who spends so little on this type of coffee machine is unlikely to buy specialty beans.
For the most part the entire beautiful line is garbage. I doubt any celebrities are using it lol. But they look upscale which is what they are going for.
$ 59 at Walmart online feb 2024
I'm assuming James tried more than one test. I wonder if there is any way to "hack" it to make it stronger? The concept is interesting so I see why he would look into it.
I noticed James miss a good opportunity to say "Let's Drew!"
Interesting machine. It looks like it could be so much better with pretty minor tweaks. A proper burr set, some way to make the coffee bed even before brewing and another filter basket and I think the result would be a lot better and probably worth $150-200. I'm impressed with the overall design and quality, the shower screen, and the water tank looked nice.
I can see this being popular in North American hotels, as an alternative to the Nespresso or awful brewers they tend to have.
i doubt i'll get noticed, but i will say, with consistant scooping and and timing. Even cheap coffee can taste realyl good and lower the need for any additives.i might use a teaspoon of creamer for liter of coffee and if im feeling decadent ill add in some locally sourced honey. Thats about it. Its just bulk cheap coffee and tastes better than i can get at a convienence store or a donut shop generally speaking.
If it looks like bull#*@t, works like bull#*@t…then it will taste like bull#*@t.  😮😅
COULD you imagine that with 50€ more you could buy a PID Gaggia Machine? Please @kingseven review the Gaggia Espresso 2023 and also the less known EG2109 (Espresso Gaggia 2109).
You just need more beans to extract more, it's in the name  - Brew Berry More
wow the box is beyond ugly. the device itself is nice, it feels like a group of people have cared about what it looks like but the box has ‘couldn’t give a shit committee’ threw up all over it
I guess you could metal 3D print or CNC a metal replacement burr
We all knew it was a train wreck yet James was so diplomatic about it.
I was so excited to see that you reviewed this. I'm considering this to replace a dying keurig at work. I'm used to crappy k cups so this looks like a simular cup, but without all the plastic waste.
Brew Darrymore
This is why I brew with an aeropress. Can't find a decent burr grinder, so I have to settle for preground.
If they didn't pay Drew and put the money into the product they might make it right! Americans don't know a good coffee they drink crap!! Even here in Brisbane it is hard to get a real good coffee, it is the training of the baristas not so much the beans. So much coffee is waisted by not marking it well. We may as well pull up the coffee trees and replace them with the forests that were there before.
How long until Hoffman designs and cooperates with a company to make his own complete maker like this.
I was kinda expecting a review of Walmart's Breville Barista clone but this will do.
As an American, I declare now and forever that imperial measurements are stupid.
Smashing others' creativity is easy
purely design based I find it one of the best looking coffee machines I've ever seen
I had THE WORST coffee the other day. I’m far from a coffee expert, and I’m far from picky. I like grinding my own beans and using my pour over but if I’m in a hurry I am fine skipping that and just getting a cup of Dunk’s ground coffee from the work machine (it’s free… that’s a bonus!) But I had to go in early, I went to get Dunk’s… none in the lunchroom. What was there? Some packet of “Taylor & Byrnes French Roast” ground coffee. Ok, let’s try that I guess. If you ever come across that coffee I suggest drinking ANYTHING ELSE. Water. Spoiled milk. Raw sewage. None of it can possibly be any less satisfying. It was like drinking the warmed up soaked contents of an ashtray. The French should declare war on the company putting that name on this product. Granted I didn’t have much control over much of anything but… I don’t think there is any way to make that particular product palatable.
This reminds me of Selena Gomez and the exaggerated marketing for her crappy Always Pan. The majority of celebrity endorsed products are terrible.
Dear Lord, what a scam and what are doing actors these days for money....pathetic.
Yes, but they’re METRIC ounces. 🤪
I a world where everything seems to be endorsed by someone famous or some influencer, I am happy that you are still here doing honest truthful reviews for the consumers out there!
I duno if t is the camera (and if it'll be talked about later in the vid) but man that frotn display. That colour on that colour is NOT READABLEfor me.
Drewer's Brewp
I’m not a coffee nerd like most peeps here, I just drink coffee like a overnight truck driver but for what is worth, ANY and I repeat ANY coffee is better than the blasphemy of Keurig Dunkin’ 7:14
Bean to Cup sounds very dirty to me, anyone else?
"Don't worry ... it WILL beep when its done" 🤣🤣
"But ultimately... it CAN'T brew good coffee" Sorry Drew, love you to bits and all... but don't sell shhhhh
Can someone just take the stupidly priced $20k model and make it for less, without the "Swiss made" brand ? It just an instant heat with a clever thermostat after all. The technology is 10 years old. We don't need some celebrity endorsed nonsense.
Ounces. But it's not ounces as we would know them is it? It's fluid ounces and American fluid ounces are not the same as UK fluid ounces.
I know.. I will stick to making coffee and not take up acting …. You get the idea
The funnies thing is that James cannot get himself to use a dark roast.
If you made a coffee machine or did a collab I’d buy it.
Don’t say “sorry America”. Our units for measuring suck.
Haven't watch the video yet, don't have high hopes, but it's amusing this pops up just as I was thinking I'd really love a machine that could do both. 🤣
so polite to say its basically rubbish
it's made for americans, man, they drink americano, so if they drink americano they will drink even this
I am still very happy that I saved up and went from a Nespresso Pixie (had it for 10 years) to a Jura Z10. You reviewed that on a positive note. Took my coffee experience to a whole other galaxy.❤
I got a combination espresso/coffee maker from "Made by Gather"  It made 4 shots of espresso and 2 pots of coffee before it stopped heating water altogether.
The fact that they didn’t call this the Drew brew makes me sad.
Brew Darrymore
Honestly it's a nice idea, but it's a terrible execution. I'd want to see design improvements before I jumped on.
I sort of assumed based on the fact that a celebrity was endorsing it that the 100 dollar price would not mean 100 dollars worth of coffee maker. Miss Barrymore gets a cut, which has obviously resulted in less money to make a good product. It is what it is I guess. I can appreciate the convenience (ignoring the horrible design in terms of cleaning the machine after each use) but a $70 grinder and a French press or aeropress would make so much better coffee.
The boomer in me does not even know who this Brew Carrymore is. ;-)
Did an Englishman say sorry to America for promoting a French(metric) idea over an English(imperial) idea?
Most people who think they like coffee will add a concoction of soya milk, sugar, marshmallows etc and think it's great :) puke!
@jameshoffman send the machine to lance hedrik i am curious. What he can hack this machine into
That's kinda what I'd expect with a sub-$100 brewer/grinder combo without the capability to use a paper filter, and a false grinder.
I hate marketing. And these absolute bullshit claims on the box are what drives a lot of the distain for me. It would be nice if they could have an ounce of credibility. I even work for a marketing agency which is weird given my view on marketing.
1:58 as a user and, dare I say, lover of Freedom units…when it comes to coffee I only use metric
So close but so far behind.  Buy the burrs from the kingrinder people.  Use the aeropress concept. Have cafe concerto make the metal filters. Sell the pro model for $200. Profit?
Brew Darrymore's?
A polite way of saying this isn’t good. Methinks Mr Hoffmann has a crush….? Who wants to see James give Drew a coffee tasting?
I find myself in a difficult position where I would love to have something like a countertop machine and grinder, but I live in a house with many roommates and counterspace in our kitchen is such that two dedicated machines just for me isn't tenable. I make do with an aeropress and a hand grinder, and I think it's better than what I could hope to achieve out of a cheap espresso or automated drip brewer; Maybe one day I'll have the space to dedicate to a fancier routine, but for now my ritual with aeropress will suffice.
It's not a single cup coffee maker, but when I was shopping for a coffee maker with built-in grinder, I ended up buying a Gevi Grind and Brew coffee maker. It says the list price is $215, but I've always seen it for sale at $150. It's not perfect, but so far it seems decent. You can use paper filters with it too. It would be neat to see you review it.
Jamesy Coffboy, sounds like you, as a pseudo-celebrified coff-snob with 2m coff-subs, need to release your own  $99 schmacko bean-2-brew boy.
should’ve called it „brew coffe poor by drew merryboor“
I feel like when normal American's say 2x more extraction, it's just 2x more than plain water.
But they used grams, the unit for mass, to express the volume of beans the machine can hold. That should have been a volume metric, too, because not all beans have the same density.
plastic everywhere. Disgusting.
James: owns a coffee roasting company...has no access to dark or even medium roast beans. Lol.
So when is James going to make his own coffee machine? And eventually a whole lineup?
I wonder if you could just exchange the bad for good grind discs
I worked in a company w ere they produce the grinding discs and fabricating those is most of the magic the grinder has. So having better disks making the machine more expensive makes sense.
Great review, as always, James.   On the other hand though, I think that it does exactly what's expected of it - it's cheap, kinda stylish, advertised by a famous actress, delivers a coffee that's acceptable for most of the ordinary people (in opposite to us - coffee freaks) - sounds like a good choice for someone looking for something like that in order to impress friends with its design, not the coffee itself. Friends always tell you they the coffee is nice, anyway xD.
I think if you’re trying to graduate from a k-cup brewer to an all in one bean to cup and you think you really like dark roasts while also adding beaucoup de CoffeeMate Snickers creamer to your coffee… then you’ll probably think this is great.  It’s a Walmart product for Walmart shoppers after all.
I hope the display is somewhat clearer in person than on video.
It's incredibly hard to find one cup brewers like this. All I've wanted is a less wasteful alternative to pod brewing. Every search engine assumes I want an espresso machine with a grinder and only recently have machines like this started coming on to the market but they're extremely expensive. The one benefit of those expensive machines is they don't usually require cleaning the filter between cups.  Despite this not doing a great job, it's good to see more machines getting into this area of the market I'm interested in and into a more reasonable price point.
Anyone shake the cream bottle to foam it up before pouring into the coffee?
RDT might help?
Somewhere in the world is a coffee machine designer who thought this monstrosity was a fantastic piece of kit. Presumably he or she has never drunk a cup of coffee in their life.
Drew Barrymore is now engineer.... awesome 😂 Good that second career works well. Metrics rules the world.😉
Scab coffee
Dark roast coffee would be a more accurate result. Thanks for the review James.
All I could notice from the beginning was the off-color of the front bit.
It's not the same price point but you still haven't shown us what you think of Spinn.
Love these reviews 🙌
It grinds! It drews!
so you explain that the machine wants darker roast, then when you only have lighter roasts to test it, you complain about it?
Love the review. Don't own that machine, but have a Cuisinart bean to coffee auto brewer which is pretty much the same with the same issues, except the weird grounds-sprayed in from the side aspect.   In my experience, these machines cannot brew medium or light, but dark only. Also, brewing just a single cup is not a good result. I find that at 8 cups or more brewed with dark coffee, you have a usable cup of coffee. Not perfect, but pretty nice for making quickly in the morning and using most or all in the next two hours.
Are there any grind and brew machines you would recommend instead? Or could you do a video comparing other grind & brew machines at different price points? I’m mostly looking for the convenience of setting everything up the night before so I can wake up, walk into my kitchen and have my coffee ready and waiting for me. With little time to get out the door in the morning and little patience (because I havn’t had my coffee yet😂) I’ve resorted preground pour overs and when I’m in a pinch, instant coffee or ordering ahead on the Starbucks app because these my quickest options.  So already my bar is pretty low for quality and flavor so this machine might be fine for me but honestly, if I’m gonna invest $100+ on a machine to do everything, then I really don’t wanna spend that for still mediocre coffee. Like it’ll be worth it if the coffee is amazing enough that I stop going to Starbucks, that’ll pay for itself in how much I save so I’m willing to spend a little more to get what I want, but probably still only $150 max
If you could get Maxwell House coffee in whole bean (though why you would buy whole beans that taste like an ash tray is beyond me), that would probably be the only thing this contraption could semi-competently brew lol
Black and Decker has a sketchy looking $80 USD grind and brew operation. The only one I've ever had somewhat decent tasting coffee from (at the home of a dark roast lover, sadly, so it was a bit difficult to judge) was from an older version of the $150 USD Cuisinart Grind & Brew Plus.
Sounds like a bit of RDT might have helped all that static mayhem? And I wish James had used the darker beans more suited to it rather than held the poor little ninety-nine dollar thing to the lofty standard of lightly roasted specialty beans 😂🤣😂
Lessons learned, dont shop at walmart, got it
I have the stand mixer in this range and while it's not amazing, it is kind of hard to beat at $99... but that is only attempting to do one job sorta good instead of two.
"I wish it was better, but its not” 🔥
I own the Drew Berrymore airfryer and it is phenomenal. I guess convection cooking devices are wildly more simple than a fully automatic coffee maker. :)
An endorsement from someone as woke (therefore irrational at best) as DB downsells any item to me.
Makes me angry that companies (and fading celebrities) are able to bring this sort of landfill into existence. Not to mention the people in the sweatshops who have paid the actual price to produce them.
Anything that does 2 or more processes will have compromises.
I know there's a way out but the framing makes it  look like james is stuck in a wading pool good luck getting out james
"If you were to buy a good grinder, a kettle and a cheap v60" ... "that's going to run to probably twice the price of this". I don't know how he gets to that price? Having watched the channel for a couple of years the "good grinder" is more like 500+ USD (and the "really good" >2000). And the Kettles he was reviewing were also in the 100+ USD range.
What would Hames Hoffman think and do?
The false burr is secured by three Philips screws. While I’ve not seen this in person, and while I’ve not tried casting and sharpening a burr, I bet you could replace the false burr with a better metal unit, either as a 3D print to cast hobby workflow, or as a commercial add on product. If that could increase the size of the grind and make the grind consistent, I bet you’d be on your way to an improvement. Further, if the brew is suffering because of the half bed in the metal filter, that, presuming you’re using materials that would tolerate the heat and not change the taste, could be solved with a 3D printed insert that would slope in near, covered, side of the basket towards the far, uncovered, side of the basket.
Drew no more made the coffee maker than George made the grill.
He should make Drew Barrymore a coffee from this and share her reaction
After a few uses, it'll Brew Nary-more.
Leave Drew alone! Her coffee machine is pure kitsch, designed for landfills everywhere! It's the American way. Love it. ♥
Do you see this as a stepping stone piece that would make someone curious about what else was out there for coffee equipment?
It's funny because I know it must pain you to review such things. Thank you for taking one for the team, James.
I've just bought the Drew Barrimore coffee machine and the Adam Sandler MRI machine.
The inside of that filter basket was was abuse on the eyes 😂
I now want to see someone retrofit good burrs into this thing
OK, but does it turn you into a zombie?
Summary:  "Did you think this $99 all in one machine doesn't do a very good job, you're right!" 😁
I do really like the way that coffee maker looks, from an aesthetics angle it's doing its job great.  Which is, unfortunately, all that _most_ people who buy this are going to care about.
i use a 20 dollar french press and a hand crank grinder with a ceramic burr that was aobut 20 bucks.
Brew Darrymore
While this isn't for me, the Beautiful brand did bring "a burr grinded bean to cup" machine to market so as they continue to grow it could enable them to upgrade it with higher quality metal burr which might unlock better coffee in the sub $100 market
“Sorry, America” nothing! Don’t be sorry. We need to get with it!! Imperial was always horrible and we need metric more than ever.
It seems worth it for the convenience of the automation, how does it compare with other automated machines?
At first sight, I was excited to compare this to my Beko bean-to-cup which has a similar footprint (and cost about twice the price). But there the similarities immediately ended, as mine brews espresso/lungo-style coffee, and does it perfectly acceptably (for my taste). Drew's is prettier, though, I'll give her that.
7:20 My interpretation is that compared to the ~9g of coffee to 300g of water that the Keurig recipe would give you, they use 18g of coffee, for double the flavor.
9:12  Nope. I’m actually not thinking that because I have absolutely no idea how much eight ounces is.
Nooooooooo
American here, who measures his entire Aeropress brew in metric.* GRAMS FTW!  *Except for the temp, because kettles never have half degrees celcius
I'd be curious to know how much of that 99.00 is Drew Barrymore's cut.
Why do you have Drew Barrimore's coffee machine? Please return it.
As an American, I completely hate the idea that we use a system of measurement that no one else uses. I’m all for going to metric. Any time it’s been attempted though, it’s met with political outrage
Please don't apologize for metric system winning. I was literally joking with a fiction writer about the bleak world they made by putting the imperial system in 😂 Americans are sick of it too
7:04 Design features are copyrighted not trademarked. Trademarks have to do with the language and styling of the product. You copyright the design of the tool, you trademark the colors and logos on that tool.
Coffee is in grams because it's a drug. Stimulant drugs are sold in grams, because of international law, probably.
I think overall...while this machine isn't great, I think it has potential. Like if they could use a real grinder burr that you can take out and adjust then fix the basket to use paper filters and can allow the coffee to move into it better - perferably into a smaller brewer basket. I think it would be a solid beginner/novice coffee brewer then.  To me those are rather easy things to do, just would cost more, but I think a $150 machine for those changes tops would be a really good novice investment for those who want easy and higher quality brewing with no pod lock-ins. Wouldn't beat stand alone grinder+brewer, but it would be better than a pod brewer.
Concept is good since it could replace those stupid K-cups or pods. If only the grinder was good or decent.  I am surprised they did not try to fix the grinder instead of trying to sell this.
I just love the way that James tries really hard not to insult anyone or disparage their taste in coffee... and in the process burns them much harder than any insult would have 😄    The ability to deeply insult a person by being impeccably polite is something only the English possess.
Are there good bean to cups with morning timers? even if they aren't cheap?
I think k pods have about 14g of coffee so everything they are claiming is compared to dd k pod. I find all those types very weak and tea like
A cup of Drewer's Brewp anyone?
A collaboration between Walmart and Drew Barrymore...What could go wrong?
A single-serve automatic implies you'll always be waking up alone. 😭
When he describes the grinder in a polite British deadpan: “it’s like aggressively rubbing the coffee with your hands..”, I lost it 😆.
I wonder how it is if you put ground coffee in it.
Technically "2x MORE flavor" means 3x as much flavor, so 60% !
Too bad.  If this worked well I was definitely going to try it
My first question was, who is Drew Barrymore?   I still don't know. I don't care enough to search it. All I know is that this coffee maker is trash, and it's pretty hilarious  to watch him try to be nice when he's completely trashing a product.
I dont really understand all in ones, you can get a drip coffee maker for a nickel. Just get a half decent grinder for $100 and go pick up a mr coffee on the side of the road lol. I have a krups and a ninja from goodwill
If this tricks people into thinking they're having good coffee and it gets them to stop using pods then I'm happy.  Convenience is king for most people.  I have a decent grinder I use, I tell my family they're welcome to use it.  They can't be bothered.  It's an extra step, it's messy.  Not worth it.  That's how most average coffee drinkers think.  I don't really care how it tastes, I just want it hot, fast and easy.  So I say good product, stop using pods they suck and are a terrible waste of plastics.
You are definitely asking too much of $100. Esp considering the celeb gets a cut, the retailer gets a cut, the distributor (maybe?, Walmart is probably quite vertically integrated) gets a cut, the design firm gets a cut, the shipper gets a cut, and finally the factory has to make a profit.
lol I love that you review the most embarrassing of American large box store offerings. Could you perhaps review the Oxo coffee products? They seem to be pushing the market hard
Couldn't you get a replacement burr from a metal shop to replace this with the exact design and fix the problem for i dunno how much it'd cost to design and make.. but it seems like it'd be less. for the Filter isn't most of the issue that one side isn't directly running into the filter- would stacking it deeper be of better help or just as ineffective as coffee going from one side through more material to exit?  I personally don't drink coffee i don't know why i'm watching this i guess if your really into it i understand why you'd wanna make it well.. but it seems like with a couple of fixes and tweaks they could sell a 200$ or 250$ version slightly larger that does both and have proper machined burr? with maybe even some adjustment? Would then it be decent? Or would you still be better off just getting somebody to make a wake up feature for a grinder of choice?
I have the Cuisineart Grind and Brew bean to cup machine, which makes a 12 cup stainless steel thermos flask.  I actually really love it. On a work/school day it does breakfast for a family of 6 and the coffee it produces is more than good enough for after dinner too.  It's not endorsed by anyone murdered in a Scream film though so
Well, even after watching the video the most disappointing thing about this coffee machine is that they didn't call it Brew Barrymore or something like that.
Never heard of it, but me thinks one gets what one pays for…  As a coffee aficionado who has accumulated so many espresso machines and grinders over the decades, I’d consider it a great insult if anyone made me a …, errr… “concoction” spewed by such a plastic contraption … Whoever came with such a dreadful doohickey should be put on trial for wasting resources and creating waste!
It's garbage.
Could you slap a real burr in there?
This machine is an absolute waste and should not exist. Despite that, you still managed to review it without getting irritated, which I find unfair compared to the Aldi review.
Another fair review from Hames Joffman
(sorry to always use this as my point of comparison but the work is so closely parallel i can't not) those false burr 'grinders' have exactly one useful application i know of, and that's gently smooshing the soft flower and leaf parts off a canna stem, leaving the stick itself relatively intact inside and not in the grind cup
I thought odd product choice for a rapper. Then i googled rhe name.😅
Boo Drew!
sipping that drew
4:34 "Now, I have tried - because of course I have" James doing arts and crafts to make a coffee filter fit despite all instructions to the contrary
Great video as always. But I could not help but wonder: How do you get out of the camera angle? Both sides of the counter look as if they are closed?!
3:27 is the contrast of the menu that bad or is it the camera?
Jeepers. That'd be a winner with a ceramic or metal grinder that also doesn't just shoot the resulting foliage straight at the basket walls.
Is it a scab, too?
Looks like a 1980's Sodastream
9:30 what the .... 😂
Alternatively you could save up and get a decent grinder and a Technivorm and be all set for many years to come.
No paper filter is kind of a killer since paper removes the terpenes which some people are told to avoid if they have high cholesterol.
The more I look at this machine, the more I’m convinced it belongs in a retro 70s house/diner or the fallout universe
So the liquids are in Ounces.  Fluid Ounces?  Which Fluid Ounces?  The British or US fluid Ounces?
When will you review the aeropress XL?
mhmm microplastic coffee
James.  Yes, we mix Metric and Imperial.  But you know what?  Fluid measurements are most often made in fl-oz (fluid ounces).  Coffee, which DOES need to be accurately measured, and is most accurately portioned by weight, is done so in grams because dry ounces are typically like 28-30 grams.  There's a method to our madness.
Coffee machine that can’t brew coffee……hmmmm 🤔😏
You should go over Turkish brew styles and brew styles from around the world
I haven't seen a single bean-to-cup that works well regardless of price. And it's almost always the same problem. Grinder. The grinder usually has very little to no adjustability.
Drew's brews
The point here is to compare it to a Keurig - another absolutely crap coffee maker, but one that has been one of the biggest environmental polluter of the modern era.  Does this brew a better cup than one of those? And can you convince K machine owners to switch to something like this which is at least borderline sustainable? Is the workflow/cleanup/etc acceptably convenient? We all knew going in the coffee was going to be lousy.
$100. Grinder and brewer in one. Makes a decent cup*. It's literally a stylish and very cheap super-auto. Give it to a coffee snob who uses the wrong kind of beans. Hates it. I wonder if you can modify the grinder. *Decent to a regular person.
So, no.
as an american with an scientific degree - i wish the nation would convert to metric.
Loved the time on the brewer 😏
Drew Brew (TM) 😂
I was really considering buying this for work, but looks like I'll continue looking
It seems like they're close to a decent product. If there was the option to change the false bur set out for an adjustable system that used adjustable burs and could figure out a way to move the ground coffee from the GRIND ZONE to the BREW ZONE in a way that ensured even extraction, they could get pretty close to a decent cuppa coffee. Obviously, the UI bugs have to get resolved, and the ratios need to be updated, but if it got me within spitting distance of a cheap grinder and a Mr. Coffee pour-over but in a small, convenient package, it could really simplify and upgrade my garage coffee experience.
While I’m sad that this isn’t good enough to purchase (my partner and I have been eyeing it), I was inspired to make a pour over for the first time in a long time.   So well done to it.
The design and features have so much potential. I wish they’d dared double or triple the price to make it have enough quality to do the job to a good and consistent standard.
"plastic burrs"   mmmm, I love microplastics in my coffee
How did you make it through without making a Brew Barrymore joke?
I have learned from years of experience that the old adage, "you get what you pay for," is especially true in the coffee game and even more so in the home roasters game. Bargain basement green coffee beans can only create basement tasting roasted coffee. Cheap made coffee grinders make mostly bad coffee grounds. And Low budget coffee brewers made all coffee taste the same, bad.  Skip the flash and celebrity endorsed product and spend the extra bucks for known and tested quality equipment and supplies.  Fresh roasted, whole beans, ground just before brewing in a quality brewer, or my preference, a pour over, will provide you with a richer coffee experience, unless your preference is stale coffee.
So, did you try it with a darker roast? I’m curious!
James, surely you Brits insist on drinking a pint glass of beer? Us Americans likewise order drinks in fluid oz. Its how our mugs/glasses are sized. But grams and centimeters are super useful!
I can't last . It will break after a short time and then you have to throw it all away..environmental disaster
Looks like James has forsworn decaf after all. Thought I was watching on 1.2x speed
Perhaps if someone made a nice aftermarket burr replacement for it, it would take off?
More "convenient" products produced to make a quick dollar and end up in a landfill.
I wonder if enough of these will sell that someone will produce higher quality burrs that can be swapped in. Unlikely, I guess. Of course, that still wouldn't give you the ability to adjust the grind size.
I would like to know James thoughts on the Aroma Fresh by Melitta
James is so polite
some weeks ago i had finally bought a grinder, trouble is, everything is expensive so i had gotten a cheap one, it didn't even grind the coffee to begin with. then i returned it, and bought another one that was, 3-4x its price, and, that one is pretty good, pretty happy with it. unfortunately it's a manual one but decent and affordable electric grinders do not exist here
So what budget machine should I get?
These reviews are always the best JH ones, amazing.
Also be aware that when it says ounces, it means US customary measures, which are not the same as old UK imperial measures. They're close, but the US one is a tiny bit bigger.
she coulda called it brew drarrymore
great review!
The machine wasn't even worthy of a "Golden Spoon Slurp"....truly abysmal.
I'm dying that "of course you have" tried custom cutting the paper filter. As we knew you were going to try and and you knew that we knew you were going to try that.  Oh James, never stop being you. It's what we're all here for,
James will you review the bird brewer?, french press meets fidget spinners 😂
8 fl oz = 236.6 ml  Drew Brew heheheh
James: "16:1 ratio for coffee." Also James: "Coffee will make everyone adopt metric!"  Sorry... no. And if you don't understand why, it's because you don't understand imperial.
Along similar lines to this, Tower (the budget appliance maker who I thought just made cheap air fryers) have a bean to cup machine listed on their website for £69.99.
Before watching the video I'm going to predict that this coffee maker is trash. But I'll watch the video while I'm working because James is entertaining as can be.
melitta aromafresh grind and brew
Let’s face it, Drew is just getting paid to market a bunch of products… I’ll bet they all look decent but they’re probably low to mid end  quality at best.
"I wish it was better.....but it's not" 😂
I’m not a “coffee guy” but you are a master presenter. Couldn’t stop watching and learning. You’re the “Bill Nye” of coffee!
I really enjoy the way you review things. I'd love to see you review some non coffee things. Anything else you're passionate about?
The burrs make manufacturing so expensive because they're very complex and timey to machine. They're done one at a time and all of that geometry and angling takes quiet a while for a machine to cut and recut and finish cut. I'm not experienced enough with CnC to know how long a process like that would take but I wouldn't be surprised if each burr set takes an hour+ of machine time.
Has any research been done on grinding methods that don't use burrs or blades or any of the ususal suspects? Seems like there is an opportunity to come up with a new design that is none of the above and simpler, cheaper etc. Maybe AI design can do it.
That "bold" brew comes out a color I'd consider too light for my breakfast tea, let alone coffee.
Why didn't you use dark roast beans ????
Brew Dairymoar
Comparing any coffee vs any Keurig-brewed coffee is like saying you're fast compared to a snail. Comparing to a K-Cup brewed at the 10oz setting is like comparing yourself to a dead snail
If it can be hacked, reprogram it and modify the grinder (proper burr grinder) then and only then would it be worth it.
It would be nice to test it without using the integrated grinder but using your own, proper ground coffee.
This false burr brought me memories of my first grinder Gaggia MM's false burr. It's terrible and highly inconsistent
God that looks gross!!
This channel is now my safe space. I love just listening to these soft and detailed coffee reviews.
Maybe we could get an evil James channel where he buys dark roasted beans
I kinda miss 'this is why we have clinate change' era angry james
A burr manufacturer has the opportunity to make an extremely funny upgrade kit.
Please don’t apologize for metric winning the war. We need this. Metric makes so much sense and the reason we don’t convert is that our lives are done in imperial. We don’t feel what a kilometer is, but we feel what a mile is. As we do coffee, we start to feel grams. We build affinity for what a gram looks and feels like and natively understand it. I hope it spreads so we can join the rest of the world in logic.
2min in or something I saw the messy chute when he pulled out the brewing compartment. I was puzzled and thought about how much he must have brewed with the machine. In the end, I understood lol
I need James to just walk around with me narrating everything that's going on.
You lost me at the grinder. 😅 I have an older Cuisinart model DGB_300 grind and brew that does a better job than that awful brewer. I have since graduated from that 10 years ago and use a French Press and Moka Pot😊
As someone in the US coffee is definitely what got me to start using metric, and it's since spread in my brain and now I'm convinced metric makes more sense for everything.
If you want to unlock good, easy coffee on the cheap, just get a $30–40 hand burr grinder, a $20 French press and a $30–50 electric kettle if you don't already own one. Total cost $100 and you will have excellent coffee with just a little bit of effort. Then if you feel like investing more later, you can buy a proper electric grinder. The hand grinder will still be useful for travel.
Thank God is only available in Walmart!🤣
Tldw: great idea, poor execution.
Schrott und übel für die Natur. Was soll das?
You should do a video about designing and manufacturing coffee grinder burrs.
Do you think you could ever do a review of the café Ava solo please,please please
"This, I like how it looks.  I wish it was better, but it's not." - bust summary ever :D
Not surprised. A non-expert person (Barrymore isn't a coffee expert) branding a thing usually detracts from it. If that didn't have her branding, it's be 20% lower price.
"that's just a piece of bean"
Someone needs to teach James how to mount a camera above the table pointing down.
Imagine -- and be grateful that you're not -- but imagine you were Drew in 50 First Dates, where every day you woke up thinking today is the day I'm shooting a video about Drew's Coffee Machine -- for the rest of your life.  You would wake up, go into this studio, unbox Brew Barrymore's Coffee Machine (someone from your crew thoughtfully had stockpiled thousands of these so you could unbox one being none the wiser), and shoot this video, drinking the coffee produced with this machine.
still crushing on Drew your brew slander can't stop me
In the end this is meant for cheap coffee, so the issues are less likely to annoy someone simply because they do not know how good coffee should taste to begin with
That needs to be 2 to 3 inches shorter and you got something for truckers, college dorms, offices, camping, and so on for smaller space needed.
James, is there any chance that you could work with a manufacturer to create a "Hoffmann" branded mass-market bean-to-cup coffee maker fixing all the faults of this effort?
Actually, that is incorrect it is NOT Imperial Ounces it is US Ounces and no, they are NOT the same measurement 1 US oz = .96 Imperial oz
“I can't comment on celebrity-endorsed brewers like this”  Going to have to mention DeLonghi and Brad Pitt here (and then rewatch your ad)
It might or might not brew coffee, but it will cross your picket line
This is a product that could do so well in its target market if they just put a bit more effort in.
I’m curious how well the machine would work if you swapped the burrs and used shims to dial in the grind — if the issue with coffee being flung into the side of the basket doesn’t negatively impact the brew all too much (and that’s a big if), would this make for a good fully automated bean to cup pour over setup for just $150-$200?
Did you try a brew using a good grinder?
Nah, mixing metric and Imperial is really more of a UK and AUS thing.
Drew Barrymore watching this o_o
I love the large coffee print hanging on the wall! Where can I find this?
Excellent review. I own a Cuisanart Grind and Brew Single Serve, which has a burr grinder but it doesn't direct inject into the brewer. You take the filter pod and place it under it, and then stick the pod in the brewer. But, its a neat little package and makes... okay coffee. I looked to see if you reviewed it prior to purchasing it and you hadn't. Its about $140 and does... okay. Would love for you to review it though so you can tell me how crap it really is. :)
Don not buy a name. Take 250.-$ to build a good paper filter and a ceramic grinder, with clever software.
Barrymore should have designed the machine with Hoffmann. The Barrymore-Hoffmann Coffee Machine would be a global best-seller.
I wish it was better, but it is not…
How does the filter look like after the brewing? A lot of still dry unbrewed stuff?
The Beautiful line is marketed specifically to basic middle aged ladies (of which I am one). The majority of this demographic is using Keurig on a daily basis... so this might be a step up. I'll keep my Chemex.
Seemes to me that coffeemashine is for those who says all the coffee tastes the same no matter what beans, roasts et.c. you use. For those who only want the easyness of maximum a few steps or less away from a coffee. For those who drink the coffee for the sake of drinking it.  That mashine are not for any coffee experts. Not for those who can taste diffrences between diffrent coffees. Not for those who want an enjoyable cup of coffe.
I wonder if using properly ground coffee  with this would make a good tasting cup?!
This review is full of gold, hilarious passive aggressive gold nuggets.
This review is full of gold, hilarious passive aggressive gold nuggets.
I'd love to see an aftermarket burr installed on it to improve performance!
Anyone else hoping for the "Mr. Bean" coffee machine?
Ounces 🤣
The best coffee experience for €100 is either a mokapot or an aeropress + a handgrinder for the rest of the budget (plus the kettle you've already got), imo.
I'd be interested in a crowd-funded all-in-one James Hoffmann Home Coffee Station. It's fine, I'll wait. If anyone can do it, it's James.
i wonder how much of the lackluster brew would have been fixed by the grinder burr being made of metal.   also, gas stations have been switching to this style of coffee maker, where you select the coffee you want and the size of your cup and it grinds and brews fresh. the technology is there for ok coffee made with a machine like this. though, i dont expect a home version to be cheap.  (please pardon the heresy of mentioning gas station coffee on this channel!)
A proper burr grinder paired with an aeropress may be the most economical way to access a truly good cup of coffee at home consistently, but it's obviously much more hands on than this
I think the only celebrity endorsed coffee gizmo I would trust would be a James Hoffman one that started on Kickstarter and was primarily advertised by a quirky character of his. Especially if it was at least as bonkers as the Bripe
If this $99 machine doesn't allow you to fully unlock the flavours of quality coffee, I would have liked to see it used on the cheapest of the cheap beans. Maybe then it does itself justice?
Run a test by pregrinding and see if it brews well
I wonder how much of an improvement it would make replacing the false burrs in the grinder with proper metal burrs. Sounds like a project for a 5-axis to me, looking at how the burrs are shaped.
Coffee is winning the battle for metric to be the standart - this line made my entire day :D Sorry imperial users :D
I love this in theory, but the execution is off due to cost cutting. I would pay $150 for something that actually does properly what this promises to do.
A bit like the failed Breville YouBrew….but much worse.
"They didn't trademark Drew's Brew. Seems like a shame to me!" - Exactly the name I was thinking when I first heard about coffee machines by this company. 😄
This is something that would really interest me. I am currently stuck on Nespresso pods and would must rather have this sort of functionality. Even if it didn't grind it for me, just put in ground beans and spit out coffee.
Might be a good gift for a parent. Has to be better than the Folgers kcups she uses now.
James it sounds like you need to make your own Coffee machine? James Beanhopperman
I just sold my DF64 and bought six of these!!!
I’m disappointed Drew Barrymore didn’t make an appearance.
C2 Max grinder + Melitta pour-over - doesn't cost much more than this PoJ.
i like the concept and form factor. maybe its not feasible for 99 dollars but it feels like you could use the same basic layout just with a better grinder, and yeah paper filters would be nice too.
For those who want a filter coffee setup for around 100 €: a plastic V60 is around 10 €, timemore hand grinders can be bought for around 70 €, and a normal electric water kettle for 20 € or cheaper. You are just missing a scale, but usually you have one lying around.
Why is it not called "Drew's Brews"? The very definition of missed opportunity...
The original "Mr Coffee" kind of was a celebrity endorsed brewer, through Joe DiMaggio
Yes thanks for reviewing this! I was so curious about this machine when it came out I was thinking about buying it just to see if a decent inexpensive bean-to-cup might've finally come. Still waiting 😞
"Now, I have tried - because of course I have -" lol You're awesome, James.
We get that you like the lighter roasts and the speciality coffee. So do I. But this is not meant for us. this is meant for people that buy Drew Barrymore products. You gotta get some Dunkin Medium roast or something similar to test these things out.
And that is why as a newbie I keep making my coffee pour over and look nowhere else. I grind them and buy single sourced beans. Effective! Easy. Simple and tasty. I enjoy the process as well. If I don't have the time, I don't do it. Better than bad coffee. When I can, I want to get a better grinder than what I have, but that is it.
Congrats on 2M 🎉
Interchanging metric with imperial sounds like it was designed for Canadians!
I really admire Drew Barrymore for her work as well as an illustrious family history.  I also really love coffee.  Those two sentences are not related in any way.
the real question: could a company like fellow produce a $500 version that is brews good but maybe not great coffee? i think there’s a market.
You get a like, for the comment about coffee winning the war for the metric system. Thank you, Sincerely,  - Team Metric.
The first coffee machine to shart into a filter. Like Drew, it's cute on the outside, but a few screws loose on the inside.
Hi James,  I'm a bit disappointed you didn't whip out a Keurig Classic model with a Dunkin Donuts Original Blend K-cup pod in order to compare the extraction empirically.
My coffee ratios are noted in grams of coffee per fluid oz of water.
Nice looking machine with a great idea at its foundation, but severely insignificant research has led it to become mediocre at best. It's on brand.
I definitely understand the appeal for someone who is starting to think maybe they could be drinking tastier coffee. You don't want to invest a bunch of money but you want an idea of what its like to have good coffee every day. Like most all-in-one products, this is more likely to make you think the opposite, that it's a stupid waste of time and money. I'd say overall this did better than I'd have expected
This is clearly something you get grandma for Mother’s Day so she can make coffee with the commodity “French Roast” whole beans that she also gets at Walmart. It looks like it probably does that ok.
This is why I love YouTube so much. I'm just learning so much from domain experts about all sorts of things I would never be able to watch on TV - I no longer watch TV.
Even this review which says don’t buy this kinda makes me want to get it. Like it does most stuff in an okay way. At that price point especially.
So how long until we get a James Hoffman bean-to-cup? That’s a “celebrity” endorsement I could get behind
Bean grind- all in ones are really popular in The Netherlands. Care to look at those at one time?
Bin Job 🙂
I would love to know a proper quality alternative for a bean to cup filter machine, that delivers about as good a cup of coffee as my V60. Seriously, take my money….
Ha- the tipoff was the comparison to a Kuerig! I won't be trading in my La Pavoni anytime soon.
Everyone. Its identifies as a grinder and coffee maker.
The lost opportunity to call it Brew Dairymore is beyond sad
I'm guessing anyone who buys this won't care enough about coffee to actually look up any reviews.
Let me save you 15min. It's crap.
At the beginning I was so excited, been looking for something like this. I was like it’s gonna take something pretty major for him to convince me not to buy this. You made me consider things that I didn’t even know I needed to know. Thanks for this awesome review you’ve saved.
I bet this is aimed at starbucks bean purchasers and not the specialty coffee bean buyers.  Given your comment about dark roasts would be different.  Not to judge people, but those purchasing a Drew Barrymore styled appliance is doing it more for form over function.. and I can see them loving starbucks and grocery beans.
So wht don't you commision one... at £200 for a good version of this you would be on to a winner
I just realize I categorize my milk drinks in flOz and everything before the fact (amount of beans, water temperature, amount of espresso brewed) in metric. Maybe just a weird American thing.
The optimum at McDonald’s is order online and walkin. Your phone is the kiosk, the order automatically goes to the kitchen when you hit the parking lot, and it’s usually being put in the bag moments after you walk in the door. The food doesn’t have to sit in the bag if you don’t have to wait for an overworked employee to be available to run it out to you.
absolutly waste of money thank you for the review though.
To the grams/ounces tangent - that actually feels surprisingly on point for an American audience. As someone "into" coffee enough to be watching this video, but not so much that I own more than one grinder, I personally measure my coffee in grams (because it's how most recipes and videos do it) but my water in ounces (because that's just more intuitive for me to visualize when filling up a cup or kettle).
Americans have long been willing to use the metric system for weapons and for addictive psychotropic substances.
Could you share again your videos on best bean to coffee machines?
Why do you think Drew is smiling on the front of the box?  Because she just suckered you out of $99.00 bucks plus taxes.  😅
Beep beep Barrymore
Its comparing and competing with the KCup.  So they are aiming for "good enough" more than "good."
I hope someone makes an aftermarket bur for it, even if it doubles the cost. Seems like good features, but the poor grinder is a deal breaker.
They’re comparing it to KEURIG, which is brown water with a soupçon of coffee flavoring. Bar is reallllllllllleeeeeee low
I would like to see a similar review of the European grind/brew machines.  Tchibo sells one in both the US and Europe for 400 Euros/Dollars.  (same in both currency)    I have been using one for over a year now, and it doesn't have most of the issues of the one here.  (of course its 4 times the cost, so no surprise)
Kettle/grinder/machine more than $99?  In what world?  Manual grinder $15; kettle: $10; French press: $20. That's $45.  I dunno.  If you're spending more than $50-60 on your coffee setup you are a fetishist with an obsession.
How to rule the coffee industry in America: design a bean to cup filter brewer that provides what James would describe as an *_adequate_* cup of coffee, for less than $200
I love this video! You are truly the master of coffee and also funny and charming. A pleasure to watch!
There's a simple rule to guide everyone here....... you get what you pay for.
Filthy! Haha
Everything from the material to the LED behind the plastic just shouts "This is cheaply made in China that was mass produced to fit in whoever wants to put their logo on it."
I feel like not giving it a shot with a dark roast was a blind spot in this review. I doubt it would have changed the conclusion much, but it could have tipped the scales enough to give it an edge over kuerig machines or tossing preground into a cheap drip machine, which for a $99 walmart device, those are its real competitors.
3 minutes praising the machine, then shit on it for the rest of the video 😂
Drew should emerge from one of those cupboards behind James at the end.
Imagine if this mashine made great coffee. I would have 3 in my house.
Correction: Someone paid Brew Darrymore to put her name on things.
It’s a sticky mess
The grind & brew machines I have seen had the beans and grinder directly above the brewer.  Steam would rise from the brewer into the grinder and beans causing coffee powder to cake up, which was hard to clean.  The Barrymore seems to have moved the grinder to the side, did that help?
I always wondered, why there's no product like this. And I somehow expected it's the bean to basket. Seems I was right
The metric system sucks.
This machine is designed for people who will just load up their coffee with cream and sugar so it doesn't matter the quality of the coffee, for that type if consumer this is perfect.
I was really hoping this would be good 😭
Does the "brew later" feature comes with an alarm? I may snooze my phone alarm to sleep in a bit more, but if my coffee is one the line, I'd jump out of bed before the coffee can get cold...
As an American, I prefer doing coffee in metric, but I prefer my water in Fahrenheit 😂 also I bet the manual remained in metric because no American will read it
metric system FTW! :D
15:17 Lol, that cut to closer look exactly as the clock went from "4:19" to "4:20"
Love Drew,but I had a feeling it'd have a lot of flaws,so when I was shopping for a new coffee machine and the Beautiful coffee makers came out,I bought Cuisinart instead
I'm pretty sure the 2x flavor extracted is entirely due to it using twice the amount of coffee and water in one go.
Metric + Imperial = Canada
I didn't expect it to be good, but I was surprised that I was disappointed, so I guess I hoped that this was some how going to be able to produce something different.
I love when James does a coffee maker review. He and his team have been spot on.
TLDR - unsurprisingly, "But ultimately it can't brew good coffee"
if all i have access to is either a drip brewer or one of the faux coffe bar machines like a ninja etc, will getting a burr grinder unlock more coffee flavours for me using that or do i have to move to things like the pour over method?   is the grinder (and good coffee) all that i need to move up from bad or maybe ok to actually good?
Would replacing the false burs with real cutting burs help enough to make it viable?
Those look like 40mm ceramic block burrs. I did a mod on an old Cuisinart years ago and replaced them with 40mm steel burrs I got from Alibaba for $7. The top side is 3 screws the bottom was pinned on and I had to rivet the new one it. I wonder if this is the same where the motor side is permanently mounted or has screws and would be an easy swap.
Honestly, if you're wanting to become a low level coffee enthusiast, get a basic water boiler, a metal Kalita Wave 185 and a chefman burr grinder. You'll make shockingly good coffee and not need to spend more than $140 total.
There probably is a market for bean to cup at this price range. I think of all the Keurigs out there, people just want a push button - brew coffee experience.  My limited experience of Keurigs is that the coffee is weak and not very good, so maybe this is good enough?
While I cannot comment on the quality of this coffee maker, nor did you do a bad job of reviewing this coffee maker per se... I do not think you were looking at this from the right angle. This machine was not made for the coffee snob that cannot afford to drop thousands of dollars on a grinder and good quality coffee maker. No one who is buying this is weighing anything or doing coffee math to figure out the perfect beans to water ratio. As a matter of fact, the people buying this only use the word "ratio" in the phrase "L + ratio". They are pressing the 8oz button because that's the number printed on the bottom of their cup. They are only buying this because it has Drew Barrymore's name on it, and they want something that they can make their Starbucks branded pumpkin spice coffee at home and cover up the taste with a pound of sugar and creamer. For the average viewer of this channel, yeah this is not a good coffee maker. But for your typical coffee normie, who doesn't even know who you are or what the differences between light, medium, and dark roast are, I'm sure this will be fine.
Just when I was hoping I had found a good companion to my Tracy Jordan Meat Machine...
Gweneth Paltrows Vauxhall Meriva
Is there a video in which he professes his favorite all in one coffee maker like this?
Well if George Foreman sells grills....
You could have stopped at "Drew Barrymore" and just thrown it in the trash. (shrugs)
As an angelino local, i'm not surprised at how fake a grinder is coming from drew barrymore
Drew's Brew is a great name
I'd like to think that once they call Cut Drew goes back to her green room to pour over the schematics, asking "hey should we relocate this heating block" and "should be tighten the tolerance on the  grinder bearings?"
that was a beautiful J cut Editor
man, this is an amazing attempt. Gets a fairly impressive amount of stuff into a $99 package but misses a few too many marks. I would really love to see a V2 or Pro version of this idea at a $150 pricepoint and see if they can fix some of the things touched on in this vid.
I kinda like it. Wish it exist something as simple as this which produces good results
This isnt for coffee people. this is for the one cup in morning creamer crowd. its a step up from a mr coffee, and is dead simple. this is the coffee machine ill get my in laws.
This is like watching a 4 Michelin Star chef rate a Mc Donalds Big Mac. He's diplomatic and positive, but he can't excuse the slop presented to him. Good work James.
It's a shame this is so poor as I want something just like this for my other half as she doesn't like full flavour coffee from my sage express impress.  Something like this, that brews at a set time, can use oily beans from Starbucks or whatever and spits out a half decent brew in the morning with no effort.. Any suggestions?
😮😅😂😮😢
Drew Barrymore's electric kettle is actually completely awesome. I bought it for $12 refurbed off eBay. It arrived in like new condition. Stainless steel inside, holds a boil for up to 30 minutes. Oolong, green, and black tea settings. Custom temp. Everything you could want except a gooseneck. 6 months in and going strong. We'll see how it lasts. I regret not sending them to everyone I know.
It union busts!
question looking at the "grinder" just the hot second you had it out.. is that grinding head replaceable ?? if so I wonder if there is already a grinder that is made of metal, possibly from a better brand.. if it was a low enough profile I guess you could shim it and change it.. I think more engineers need people people to tell them NO ..
If you could name it after any Drew Barrymore movie that she starred in which would it be?  For me? Firestarter
I wish this was good because it looks great. If it had some higher quality parts I would love to get one for double the price
Yea,....nope. After all isn't the object good, tasty enjoyable coffee?
tl;dr: it's funny to think that americans using grams to measure coffee is some victory for metric as a whole in america. It's not and we don't even see it as a competition to be won.  On the imperial vs metric debate I always find it funny how fussed non americans are about what americans use. I get the sense that the rest of the world assumes we're either completely confused or just obstinately anti-metric when that couldn't be farther from the truth. We are very comfortable using either and both and it just comes down to whichever is more convenient for any given situation (with imperial winning out on ties just from old habits). A few mm is more convenient than some fraction of an inch, a few feet is more convenient than some decimal of a meter, a few g is more convenient than some fraction of an ounce, a few fluid ounces is more convenient than some decimal of a liter. The two systems are surprisingly complimentary for day to day use.  Anyway all that to say the fact that we measure our small amounts of coffee in grams is not some "victory" in the "battle" between metric and imperial. It's just one situation where metric is more convenient and we're happy to use it for that reason.
America here. Please bring us Metric, it's much better
I'm only half way through but could you not replace the fake burr with a proper one?
My man… a kettle, grinder, and v60 costing $200? Inflation must be out of control.
I’ve been looking for something that I can have in my room. I’m in a shared house (never thought I would be at 45 but here I am) and need something compact and more important, good. This is not it, not that it’s available here in England I guess. Let me take this moment that I really enjoy the vibe of your videos, but I confess, I get a wee bit distracted, and it’s your fault.
Lucky them that everybody that would buy this won't ever watch the great James 😂
9:55 reminds me of "the world's worst toilet" from Trainspotting!
here cs I'm tempted to buy her air fryer, and also she's cool af
Honestly, the beeps might be the worst part.
Would you please go into cold brew in a video? Like what kinds of flavors are brought out from the soak? How long to soak? Is it better to soak refrigerated or at room temperature? What to expect from different roasts? How fine to grind the coffee? After soaking, how much to dilute, both in terms of flavor as well as caffeine content?
Drew Barrymore, your coffee is weak!  Isn't that kinda typical for American Coffee?
Dude, it's so freaking annoying when you freak out about beeps and stuff.  It's a mass marketed consumer product, the beep is a good idea, even if you don't like it.  Stop being such a pedant and try and review stuff outside of your own ego
Barry Drewmore
Always entertaining when you try to be nice. Inside your screaming,  please don't buy this shit.
I get the impression that this machine is intended for appearances, at the expense of all else. And I don't just mean "looks cute in the kitchen" appearances, but also psychological and social appearances as well. The kind of machine that is bought not for its coffeemaking ability but strictly for its ability to deliver a narrative intended to keep up with the Joneses. I think the brew strength is a giant telltale in the design. That "bold is normal" approach means that practically every person buying this machine will very likely set it to bold simply to drink coffee at a basic level. But what kind of *narrative* does this build? How does this look in front of the friends, the family, and the neighbors? "I drink STRONG coffee, I know what I WANT, I'm a GO-GETTER, I've got the GUMPTION." It plays into the mythical persona that ends their cocktail order with '...and make it strong!' And the insidious part here is that only the machine knows it's lying. The owner doesn't know. The owner can get fooled into believing they like bold coffee — and then get a nasty surprise next time they show up in a coffeeshop and are left to wonder if they should question what they received, or try to keep up as a smile as they force the brew down their throats and try not to make a scene about it. This machine, it doesn't matter if the coffee's objectively good or not. I'm willing to bet that this was never a concern at any point in the design phase. All that counts is which buttons its owner pressed to make the coffee, and what kind of personality these button presses translated into to those who were watching. In short, this machine is shallowness personified.
Would love to see more reviews of similar super auto drip machines (not espresso).
About adjusting these fake burrs, I have that melitta grinder that you referenced testing. In an experiment to grind finer, I basically disassembled the top burr from the plastic, cut a piece of cardboard  to shape (of about less than 0.5 mm) and used it as a "washer"/spacer between plastic and burr. As finer grind goes, now what corresponded to 1 in the original scale, is more like 10/11. Word of precaution: I can't grind 5 or below because it jams, maybe a piece of paper would suffice even.  Just thought about mentioning it, in case you want to give it a try, a basically free hacky mod.
Brew DairyMore
Hello, daddy Hoff!
I think you nailed it with the subpar grinder.  Bad grind bad coffee.   Then it shoots the bed onto one side. Therefore there is probably a lot of water that runs down the beans to the low spot and doesn’t extract.  Poorly designed.  Great price if it performs.  But it can’t.
Good lord, when I saw this machine I thought “I need a James Hoffman review” and by god he delivered
Don't apologize to America, metric is better.
This product strikes me as “2 in 1 Shampoo & Conditioner”. It can be done… but why?
I'm a simple man. I see James Hoffmann, I click.
Maybe do a video about used grinders? Like track it for a bit online whats popular, what prices, etc. Combine average prices with your excellent reviews of the machines itself could be very interesting.
I supose this machine is targeting people who use sugar and milk anyways.
How many times did you say Brew Drarrymore? Would it be possible to make after-market burrs for this?
just get a timemore c2 and a clever dripper/v60/aeropress and it will taste way better then this guys
ad?
That's a pretty sweet 99 dollar bacteria incubator.
I’m too poor to afford quality coffee making machines but I can afford cometeer.
when has any celebrity branded product been good?
Just buy pre-ground coffee and a french press.  Then save up for a good grinder if you can or want too.  I personally think the french press is the way to go, since you can typically brew different amounts from one or two sizes. Is it perfect, no.  Will it make decent. drinkable coffee, yes. They also take up way less space and can be easily put away. I really dont see any downsides relative to the price.
There is a small part of me that believes this was filmed just before half 4 but in reality I commend the production assistant that set the time on this machine, all for a silly joke. Well done.
I seriously think that your videos are one of the best on youtube, and I have never made myself a cup of coffee, your audience knows no bounds!
never understood the whole ultra high-end premium coffee experience. Coffee is coffee. Aint no way 20x more expensive coffee is tasting 20x better.
I like how it looks, that is it LOL
❤
My life goal is to make a subpar coffee product just on the radar enough for james to review it.
curious if you’d be able to replace the burrs and have any success with that…
Damn I wanted it to work. Wish there was that size of a machine even at a few hundred dollars more that made good coffee. I need for my Class B RV. My Jura is to big to take with us.
It's a relatively good looking appliance made for people who don't care about the quality of their coffee. And for $99, what do you really expect?
Would be cool if you g´could test similar machines that do the grinding and brewing in one device, that isn't espresso.
Looks like this machine falls into "wedding gift" territory ... something a clueless guest would give to a couple who is "into coffee".  For someone who is actually into coffee (but not very far in), a better gift would be a Clever dripper and filters (or a French press, if you roll that way), a cheap electric kettle, a cheap scale, and the best burr grinder you can afford. It will cost more than $100 — not too much more, if you buy a refurbished Baratza Encore or Fellow Opus.   You'll get not just "nice" coffee, but will have the tools to make truly great coffee.
I feel like the type of person that would be interested in this device already has a coffee maker, so they would probably be better off spending this hundred dollars on a dedicated grinder and then using the coffee maker they already have.
brew barrymore
I'm dying to find a machine around this price point for my mother who is older, so I can get her away from pod land and back into beans for drip. I've been thinking about giving her my old TK-01 now that the TK-02 is out but there's a fair bit of maintenance required and no "drip" setting like the TK-02. Every machine I've tried under $200 makes the exact same profile of coffee as this machine, which makes you think something's wrong with your beans...
Why do people who design kitchen appliances insist on making the damn thing beep on every opportunity. My air fryer beeps when I open it. Dammit air fryer, I know you're open, I'm the one who opened you, stop moaning at me 😆
Yes... we lose the train of thought... coffee helps. And no, I do not know of a price point bargain that makes awesome coffee. My take? Get a good filter, accurate measuring equipment, source your favorite bean variety, spend money on a good burr grinder, and patiently apply all that you've graciously shown us to quality brew! Oh! I've worked in commercial coffee houses. Again, thanks, watching coffee since I was slightly shorter than my family stove!
I recently got the griddle under this brand. For its price range it's not bad, but not perfect. I payed $50 and it does the job with decent build quality.  If you buy this brand, stick to simple appliances.
I was sat at working thinking "I wonder when James will have a new video out" I get home and I am greeted to this, simply lovely
So when are you going on Drew’s show to tell her about this?
A total non-starter:  The fact that the display is through a light colored piece of plastic which not only acts as a diffusor, and lowers contrast, but the light colored background makes the two elements relatively indistinguishable from each other as witnessed in the video.   Older people don’t need this. It may have some pluses, but that’s not something that I want to see in a brightly lit kitchen.
James, how do you feel about espresso, but instead of coffee beans it's snails? I have a hell of a video recommendation for you
It’s more like light roast of the Drew Barrymore coffee machine….
James Hoffman, I like you.  You're funny and smart.  I'm going to consume all your videos while I sip my coffee ;)  thanks!
There are small, cheap ghost burrs that would be perfect for an application like this. A drip focused machine that just needs a consistent grind. Could sell for maybe $125 instead of 99, but it would be a much better machine.
"And a good day to you, sir!"
Are you considering a review of the Weber BIRD anytime soon?
I so appreciate all your content, James!  I can't tell you how many times you have saved me from an awful purchase.  I am so disgusted they call these  things "burr grinders" when they're clearly not.  I used to have a Cuisinart grind-n-brew that had burr grinder and it was decent, without being over-the-top spendy.  Still more than the Barrymore, but you got real quality for your $$$.  I miss that coffee machine!!  It lasted 10 years of daily use, so can't complain.  I don't think the new Cuisinart grind-n-brew are at the same level of quality, but you love your input on them.  Thanks again, James. :)
I have absolutely no idea how you'd do it, but this feels like a cheap bean to cup machine would work better with an immersion brew, given James's previous experiments on which method was more tolerant of grind size?
Great review, James! Have you tried grinding your own beans separately and then brewing them in this machine? You said that was an option. Curious how much better it would taste.
Brought to you by a scab.
Nobody who shops at Walmart gives a crap about getting a decent cup of coffee.
Not sure why you didn't use dark roast to begin with. I don't think the video is valid unless if the correct type of coffee is used. This is why  gave a thumb's down
these coffe beans looks like how the coffe end in the toilet....
Another piece of trash putting out by a celeb by sale out her name without any quality controls. Thank you for this review. Everything you said make sense 🩵
This is an Anthony Fantano red flannel level roasting
Hi... 70 and retired from pharmaceutical manufacturing... clinical line sign-off,  equipment maintenance, blah, blah. I benefit from everything you do to advance the sci/art of coffee culture. With positive encouragement intended: Back to the Drawing Board Drew Barrymore. And... I could fix it. Gosh, I do love a good cup of coffee in every form! Thanks, Sam from across the pond.
Couldn’t you or someone design a 3D printed thingy to bridge the gap between the basket and the coffee grinder to create a some kind of chute which transfer the coffee into the paper filter a more controlled way?
What if you put a good aftermarket burr in it?
You should review the delonghi true brew. It is a bean to cup machine like the one in this video (at least much higher price point ($400 USD) but I feel does a better job. Would love to see a video on it!
Could one 3d print replacement false burrs with different profiles?
Almost bought one,so glad I saw this first.
Really should have just picked up a darker roast for this, was clear from the start it wasn't going to deal with light roast should just review the machine with what it was designed for
I think we all knew what the answer would be, but the thorough analysis was worth the journey
“Bitter and sourness flavor”, there is your “twice the flavor”!
I'd be interested to hear how it actually compares to other items in its category. This might be something i would get for my brother who treats coffee as a functional drink and wants convenience.
It might be interested to see a tasting of darker-roasted coffee. Perhaps people who like that style of coffee would find this a worthwhile product.
American here, happy to lose the battle over measurments :)
I know quite a few Americans who've realized that metric, in a lot of ways, just makes more sense (including me!). I get my weather in Celsius, my clocks in 24h time, my coffee in grams, and strange looks from my in-laws when I say it's 7 degrees outside.
As an American, the grams thing is *good* even here because it avoids the fluid ounce vs. ounce potential confusion when something measured by weight and something measured by volume are going into the same recipe
GenX, GenY people, casual coffee drinkers: Buy it. For you Coffee snobs: Please pass this up.
I wonder if there is an opporunity, given how easy the stock burr would be to remove/replace, to have them (or some ingenious secondary source) sell an upgraded burr, with metal "teeth". Weight ratios vs motor power would be interesting to balance, but if it could be done....do you think that would solve the majority of the machines problems?
I wonder if the burr can be upgraded DIY.
In my experience the "bean to cup" machines are a pain. They are messy and cleanup is less than enjoyable. Give me a good old "pour over" any day.
I don't even drink coffee because it gives me anxiety, but I still absolutely love watching this channel. Is that weird? I also enjoy cigar rolling channels (you should check some of them out) but I don't smoke either.
I enjoyed watching this while I sipped my instant Tchibo coffee with Aldi hazelnut creamer. :)
BUT.... if this WAS great, that would be an awesome idea. The size is very good. There is potential there.
Imagine turning in a mediocre assignment to Professor Hoffman... you'd never emotionally recover
i use grams a lot considering im american. I like freedom distance and metric weight.
4:20
Curious what the inside of the basket looks like after the brew?
I like the concept of this machine. Does anyone know of one that's actually good, and can be bought in Europe?
No offense to Drew, but the Beautiful line is trash. I bought their electric kettle. It had an annoying "feature" where it would continue running if you took it off the base and put it back on again. A great way to accidentally run it dry after pouring out your hot water if you aren't paying attention. Thing is dangerous. I returned it the same day and got a bodum.
And how do you even clean that basket? With all that smeared coffee around... You supposed to just wash it in the sink? And what about those leftovers? This coffee maker brews awful coffee and a health hazard 😬
metric is the only thing that makes sense everything starts at 0
Episode suggestion: retrofit decent burrs into the grinder and re-test, comparing final coffee taste quality and cost of new burrs + machine to the cheapest bean-to-cup you can find with decent burrs from the factory. If this thing produced a halfway decent cup of coffee after the retrofit, it might be worth buying if the cost to retrofit made it a value compared to a more expensive machine in the end.
I’m guessing the clock/screen is clearer in real life? I can barely see it in the video.
Too much the control freak to let a machine make my coffee. But I do have an electric tea kettle from this brand that I use to brew my aeropress coffee. It also looks good and thankfully works well...Well, it boils water anyway. Designed primarily for tea, it has different buttons for different teas--oolong, white, green, etc.--each with their own temperature that the kettle displays as it is reached. I can't speak to the accuracy of those temperature displays other than boiling. That one is obvious even to me. I'm sure if this was a tea channel, James would have his thermocouple out and be measuring.
"Beep 1 Beep 2 Beep 3"  Accidentally leaving the captions on and having my hands too dirty to touch the phone has paid off.
a v60 is already 100 for me lmfao
Look closely. That near undetectable smile when the Hoff says he can't comment on the rest of the beautiful range. The most elegant of trolling, par excellence.
James, as a Brit, shouldn't you be pleased that it mixes metric and imperial? I can't imagine anything more British than that!
Would it be possible or beneficial to replace the faux burr with a metal one?
Now with twice the flavour!
The person who buys this will be filling half their mug with CoffeeMate so it won’t matter anyway.😂
Definition of the online Insta, influencer world, looks good but it's truly terrible in reality 😂
Wait until he finds out about the german Severin Filka
I wish James would have ground beans in a good grinder and brewed with this machine.
I mean for $99 you can buy that or for around $200-$250 you can buy second hand Jura coffee maker (I got mine for $220 - Jura ENA Micro 9) which I'm sure will make much better coffee and will last longer.
Ghettomart, yeah, no, I'm out.
I feel like flavor is not a 1-to-1 linear equation with the amount of extracted soluble compounds. I could definitely see "double the flavor" due to weird human sensory experiences with taste.
"They are mixing the old imperial and metric..." So they are following the Canadian way of not choosing what system to follow, interesting.
10:57 Money Shot
Have you reviewed that Miir New Standard Carafe you got in the back there?
Met the expectations of an all-in-one $99 coffee machine
Waiting for the Hames Joffmann x Brew Darrymore collab. Available exclusively at MallWart, of course.
Also cleaning the metal filter will not be fun.
Looks more like tea, then coffee. 😊
Putting the ode gen 2 and moccamaster up for sale immediately for the technological marvel
That beeping is actually pissing me off for some reason and I am not really sure why that is...
I really feel sad when I see such useless machines. They are waste of time, money and resources most of all. It is unbelievable how people invest in making such machines that would end up in the garbage that none of us need. These type of manufacturing should not be allowed, for the sake of environment and our future.
50 first percolates
Sounds like a potential for after-market parts to replace the "burrs".  Looks like that false burr could be replaced fairly easily.  And then there could be shims to allow a little variation of grind size.
Hey James, Currently using the Spinn coffee maker. Really loving it. Was curious why you have not tested it yet?
2:24  all the drugs are sold in grams, Even coffee 😬
I was watching Donnie Darko recently and thinking "I think that English teacher should release her own line of coffee machines". Thanks to Drew Barrymore and James Hoffmann for bringing my dreams to life
James Hoffman: sorry America America: *shrugs and goes back to measuring things in football fields and 9/11s*
The metric system is of the devil
maths?
Melitta Aromafresh does the same thing, but it works well. Real burrs, good brewer, paper filters, happy me in the morning. And it comes at a similar price point.
Might the amount of ground coffee have something to do with the roast level? Dark roasted coffee (from my hand grinding experience) grinds a lot easier then light roast. If it's just a time based grind and a full power motor, being restricted by the light roast may give that lower amount of ground coffee. Doesn't fix all the other beeps, i mean problems.
In my experience these kinds of electronic coffee machines that you buy will typically make very weak and watery coffee the first few brews
Interesting thanks
I love the mix of skepticism and hopefulness that is a James Hoffman review of a Walmart Coffee maker
The reason grams is mentioned for coffee is because of it's solid the usa is both imperial and metric we refer to solids in grams and and liquids in ounces
The zoom in every time it beeps is a nice touch lol.
How does Coffee guy not have a darker roast?  Just buy some and then film the review. Still might not get good results, but would seem fairer.
2:25 I wonder which empire “imperial” refers to
Just get a french press. It's so damn easy.
I would give it another shot with some dark roasted beans, even if that's not your thing.
Unless they named it the Brew Coffeemore I won't buy it.
If you accidently schedule a brew time then it's essentially locked out until then? That's insane.
goddamnit i love this set
James the coffee roaster loves to roast cheap just-not-quite-it machines for longer than he likes to roast his coffee. I probably agree
Is there a device you would recommend that does what this one does? (Grinds, brews filter, has timer)
Brew Dairymore is gunna get a run for her moolah!
A Beautiful review of a silly product!
👍
@James - do not despair! What did You expect? it is a made in America (supposedly),. so outlandish claims without any sense of quality, or obligation to deliver on them come with the territory (see also: Tesla with an autopilot since 2014 and a whole lot of legal trouble for never actually issuing one in any of its vehicles.)
Weird opinion here - Fl Oz + Grams is my preferred way of setting an easy repeatable "rule of thumb" for drip machines. Bear with me here, American coffee "cups" are 5 oz, most cheap drip machine manufacturers (at least here) recommend 1 Tbs of beans for each "cup". In my testing, a Tbs is often somewhere around 5g (a "coffee scoop is often around 10g). That's about a 30g/L recipe - which is a little low, but works for some people. If that's the choice, you can literally just go 1-1 water (oz) to grams of beans. For ~60g/L you're looking at essentially twice as much coffee (g) as water (oz). A lot of newer refrigerators have filtered water on the front that count the Fl Oz as they dispense. You can very easily do the math there without weighing your water (and trying to get an awkwardly shaped reservoir to balance on your scale).
Wonder if Drew has one herself ? 😳😂
As soon as you see the $99 you know its doomed to fail, when is the reveiw for the Weber BIRD coming tho??
The only surprise here would have been if it made good coffee, nope, the universe is fine.
I wonder how much a version of this that's actually good would cost.  By good, I mean it measures, grinds, heats, and filters properly.  In my head, the biggest issue would be the grinder and the steam/moisture produced from brewing... Keeping the burrs dry, and the coffee grounds unclogged would be a tough one to figure out.
This review was nice, but he should have really just done a review comparing it to other cheap coffee machines, brewing cheap dark roasted coffee. The average consumer who would think of buying this machine is not going to be buying specialty coffee beans.  It feels like James already knew what conclusion he had in mind before starting his experiment with his light/medium roasted coffee beans, which is fine, because specialty coffee is indeed much better, but also feels a little disingenuous.
👍👍  Thanks. I would have been tempted to get one…
I mean speaking of grinders, thanks to yourself I went and bought Aergrind by Made by knock as I only do coffee for myself in a small flat.  Probs the best purchase I’ve ever made in my many years of coffee and experiencing.
Does anyone else think he looks trapped inside the counter?
Drew isn't known for brew.  Guaranteed it makes 99 bucks of bad joe bro.
I'm really not impressed with how hard the screen is to see in direct lighting
You can reduce the gap between the burrs. Take the screws out and put shims under the burr and refit, checking that the burrs don't touch. I did this successfully on the Cuisineart grinder I had before it died.
"Sorry America" 😅
"Bitterness _and_ sourness"  Ah, so that's what they meant by "2x the flavor"
6:50 - Trademarking technology makes no sense. A trademark protects a name and likeness. Patents protects technological inventions.  So, if what they have are only trademarked, you could do a 100% identical implementation of those technologies, call them something else and you'd be in the clear.
I don't care how good/bad this machine is. Drew Barrymore is a scab.
So it's a mister coffee with a screen and a bad grinder
That interjection of "filthy" was 100% a bone thrown to the parodists out there.
Don't be sorry. We've been wanting the metric system in some capacity for a while.
I'd really like to see if james can come up with a better setup for the same price.
Personally, I have a very simple opinion on how to get good coffee. The two most important details to me on how the coffee ends up tasting is the coffee itself (duh) and the grinder. Having a grinder increases the accessibility of specialty coffee, which is usually whole bean. Plus, grinding for just a day or two's worth of coffee ensures it's fresh. A good hand grinder is the cheapest way to get good coffee grounds. So for someone who wants good coffee but doesn't want to change anything at all about their mornings, just get a hand grinder, grind out some coffee and use that coffee in whatever drip machine/french press/moka pot that you use every day. Done deal, your coffee will be 100x better
I could be wrong about the exact model I have (I bought mine in 2020) but I've been using a Cuisinart DGB-400 for a few years now almost every day and it brews great coffee. It uses spinning blades to grind the coffee, and the result is usually pretty consistent (though you can't adjust the size of the grind at all). The buttons are simple enough to use so it doesn't have the weird software issues this DB coffee maker does, and it can brew up to 12 "cups" (really about 6 servings, and the coffee bean hopper would not be able to hold the right amount of coffee beans anyway if I had to guess, but I've had success brewing 10 cups at a time).  It's easy to clean, and because the coffee grinds falls into the mesh filter rather than get flung out they tend to land relatively evenly inside the filter.  For the price point we're pretty happy with it. It's even less expensive now than it was when I first got it (We paid around $120 but it seems to have gone down to $97 on Amazon). We like good-tasting coffee and haven't had any issues with this maker.
One day we'll have a proper bean to cup machine for a reasonable price. I don't see why we can't do that today for $200. It's annoying how overpriced everything in this industry is because it's so niche and sales are relatively low
2:17 actually it sort of is metric too. It would be using US fluid ounces which is (about) 1:1 with US weight ounces. (It's also why the US pint is smaller than a UK pint, its about 1:1 to a US pound). It's all metric based and defined too.  12:21 OH NO IT'S WORSE
So this really needs a follow up of the best bean to cup coffee maker for the best price
Does that big plastic carafe you have fit the Aeropress XL? If yes, may I know where can I get one?
Andrew James (who have now gone bust, it was probably someone elses machine rebranded anyway as most of their products were) produced a machine like this, that I used for many years and indeed still have although no longer use.  Primary differences are an adjustable metal grinder (to an extent!) and strength settings, plus it brewed into a Melitta style basket with a nylon filter so could be used with a paper filter if desired.  It brewed in to a glass carafe, could be programmed to make fresh coffee in the morning and the hopper held a standard bag of beans (227g).  Downsides were at max strength it was brewing around 45g a litre, it wasn't quite brewing hot enough (James's old tip of using water from a kettle in the tank helped a bit, but no use for the timer feature) and because the ground coffee comes through a sliding door above the brew basket there was a tendency for dampness and over time the chute could clog with coffee sludge, which was a real PITA to clean.
James just wanted to say I love your videos, and your passion about this hobby. Down to earth, even though I'm sure you are doing well financially. You still dont want people to waste money!
Brew DairyMore
I do grams for coffee and measure extraction with ounces. You see here growing up in the southwest part of America I learned how to measure and weigh my fluids by the gallons and ounces. I didn't start using the metric gram until I worked at a French restaurant where the chef was an actual French chef from France he had me and force me work and measure everything in grams including the burger patties. It doesn't feel weird measuring grams to ounces I prefer it I know that grams is great for coffee weighing and ounces is great for liquid extractions for example 8 oz is a single can serving of soda boom that's it I'm Brewing a nine cup Moka pot I'm going to get 42 G of coffee and hope for a way out of seven to eight ounces of extraction.
I'm currently working out how to have an Arduino setup on my old Braun Aromaster to set it to brew in the morning and also set it to allow 30sec to steep before allowing for coffee to flow out of the coffee filter holder and to turn it off it as soon as it no longer detects water in the tank or even a bit before. I'll try to keep it all hidden from view and operable through wifi. Unfortunately, I use a Hario mini slim grinder so I'll have to grind the night before. I do use a Bosch IXO 7 electric screwdriver with a 3d printer adaptor to actuate it since I broke my wrist some months ago. :D
You get what you pay for
A couple things. First, it's probably not aimed at coffee folks but instead it's aimed at the generations of "mr coffee" drinkers like me. Second, it's for lazy types that just want a cup of coffee without a complicated routine. And third (yes I know), I have a good coffee machine but I can't tell the difference between Mr Coffee , and it.
Brew Coffeeless, surely
Caffeine is a mind-altering substance, which means that it actually is following US convention to use grams for coffee.
It looks like something that would have been on an As seen on TV infomercial in the 70's (apart form the touch UI of course). Not a fan of the colourful cheap plastic look retro appliances that are apparently popular based on how many of them the local stores seem to stock and charge a ridiculous amount for.
I’m buying one now! I love weak coffee and big messes.
James Hoffmann is my daily driver.
Why would anyone buy a coffee machine because it has an actor’s face on it? Oh yeah, I forgot, because people are stupid.
I think it would do well for the crowd who drown coffee with cream and sugar, they can just use whole milk instead and gain less calories. A taste of coffee with milk.
Brew Breewmore
James...could you do a review of Cafe Bustelo?  I admit it's my backup for my AeroPress...
I recently received her kettle as a gift.  Very nice for what it is.  Looks nice.  Nothing special—no heat adjustments etc.. so less things to fail.  It boils water—It’s fine.  (High praise indeed)  These silly trademarks on this coffee machine(really?🙄).. crummy plastic grinder.. etc.. all just frustrate me because it is just looking to fail.  Plus the RIDICULOUS options pad that will quickly stop working…all leading to it becoming one more thing destined for the landfill. Please stop this garbage train!!  Drew..PLEASE Do better!! NOT EVERTHING needs to be a TEMU type item.  Poorly made is poorly made…we need more things that can hold up and not tossed out after 6 months.   Rant over..  thanks James..you were kind but firmly on the side of the consumer.  That is appreciated. Love your videos
I'll never buy this thing, but it's such a pleasure to see James reviewing things and talking coffee
Just from personal experience I like it better than a KCup and feel it is better than the plastic cups. So definitely, not the best coffee. However, it is very quick and convenient without the environmental concerns.
Before watching this, i know James isn't going to like this.
Hi, can you do a low cost manual grinder comparison video? There now new version's of grinders since your last video on them
Cuisinart grind and brew seems like such a better option and for only 50 dollars more
it grinds, it brews, it sucks.
Nice tea maker machine....😂😂😂😂
When he opened the basket and showed the grounds I recoiled
James has a sample roaster over in the other room, probably doesn't make dark roast because no one knows how & doesn't want to spend a month learning.
Grams to ounces is pretty much the standard in the American coffee scene as much as it probably annoys Europeans.
I'm all about that Baratza burr grinder and an aeropress. Or maybe a french press if I'm on vacation. Anything more seems unnecessary.
Is that machine hackable to do a better job?
Can you compare this with a keurig? and with dark roasted beans!
LOL.  The entire time watching the video I just keep thinking "cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!" What a waste of good coffee beans.  The thing I enjoy most in this video is your reaction to the beeping sound.  Classic James!
Yeah, they mix the two measurements because industrial/commercial shipping does it that way, but people buying retail will not. So unless you plan to somehow reteach entire countries, it's just easier and more efficient to mix the two. It's also coffee, so tolerances really don't matter that much as worst case scenario you just get a subpar brew. For stuff that's dangerous or hazardous, it would certainly matter.
So this isn’t SCA certified? 😂
A note on measurements (hobbyhorse warning): It's incorrect to refer to ounces, in an American context, as "Imperial." The Imperial system of volume measurement was adopted by the British Empire in 1824 (after American independence). It combined elements of the English customary system and a separate Scottish system. This system was not adopted by the United States, which continued (and to this day continues) to use English customary units as defined by the Exchequer Standards of 1588. Notably, the Imperial ounce (28.4131 ml) is smaller than the US ounce (29.574 ml), but the Imperial pint (probably the only measure with relevance in today's Britain) is slightly larger than a US pint, because there are 20 ounces per Imperial pint but 16 ounces per US pint. Imperial gallons are thus larger than US gallons, because there are eight pints per gallon in both systems (actually, four quarts per gallon in the US system, with two pints per quart). It would be more accurate to refer to US measurements as customary (or US) units than as Imperial units.
I like the concept, but I think the entire brewing basket needs to be redesigned in much of a same way as keurig machines redesigned their brewing. The grinder should probably deposit it into a tube that brews it horizontally instead of via gravity, or maybe a more funnel shaped basket that would keep the grounds from being shot into a corner. It would definitely need special filters for either. Honestly maybe just the whole back of the thing should be blocked off so they'd be piled up near the front.
Would it be possible to replace the "false burrs" with good, real metal burrs, and would it even matter?
These people had a lot of different customers in mind with their machine - but not James Hoffmann! 😅
They did great with the look, it looks more expensive from afar
I don’t know that they’ve trademarked it, but Drew’s Brews is a local roaster here in Nashville that makes delicious beans.
I'm sorry, but when you got the clear plastic jug my brain went to Only Fools and Horses where Uncle Albert mixes up the gravy and coffee XD
Well I had to look up who Drew Barrymore is. Turns out she's an actress, talk show host and, of course, an author according to Wikipedia. Clearly an expert in coffee and industrial design also (sarcasm).
That color fits in my kitchen. Why just Walmart? I need a 240V version, if this can make even half decent coffee.  WTF! That looks like tea, not coffee. They seem to have taken watered down coffee to new levels.
As an American I actually really hate non metric. Metric is so much better lol
@jameshoffman - we want to see machines with JH on the front =)
I recently got the Breville Grind Control for our office coffee. No, not a similar price point, but, we've been really impressed with the coffee it coming out of it for an all in one machine. The Stainless Carafe make a huge difference over glass.
10:20 maybe all the plastic false bur and basket statically charges the particles of coffee too, this thing looks like it will make your hair stand on end if you hold it when it grinds.
תודה!
While it might have been nice to see how this does with commercial dark roast whole bean, theoretically side by side with a pod machine… I feel like that would have been too much effort. My guess is that long-run, the messiness is going to be a real pain point on this.  And then I know that I could build a reasonable kit for this price. Timemore Chestnut and a dripper with a non-fancy kettle could be accomplished. Not necessarily the best, and going to a $200 budget would be a big improvement, but it’s actually a coffee grinder.
I don't get why they didn't use a conical filter. That should at least have mitigated the problem with the ground beans at least a bit...
Hi James, Could you review Morphy Richard’s Europa espresso machine?  It’s relatively cheap but not as fully fledged as the bigger ones.  I would love to view your take on it and what best equipment’s and practises one can take to get the best extract!  Thanks!!
This is such a relaxing morning show. Idk why but it’s just interesting
Scab coffee
Only good thing Drew Barrymore has ever done is Donnie Darko. This video had shades of the Brad Pitt Delonghi commercial review, which has been my all-time most entertaining video on this channel (as opposed to informative/interesting).
Bitter, sour, weak, and dusty?!  Give me two please!
I guess the question this product appears to be asking is: how does it compare to using a Keurig in brewing 'Donut Shop' coffee. Whether that is a question worth asking is another matter.
I'm not even sure why you have wasted time on celebrity-endorsed or labeled appliances. They are only for their fans who, I submit, care very little about how well they actually function, which, in this case, is making coffee.
This must be the first non-connected coffee machine I've encountered that is susceptible to DOS attacks. Set a "brew later" schedule, and nobody can brew a cup anymore until the schedule gets triggered... 🤦‍♂
Alas, another machine that you have hopes for is just junk. Will find in the Thrift Stores in a few years.
I lost interest immediately when i saw they couldnt even make the bay the same color as the rest of the body.
Could changing the burr be a decent upgrade and still be worth the price? I assume the false burr is a generic size.
I am sorry there was no market or shop near by to grab a small bag of dark beans....hmm sounds fishy
It's the perfect machine for people who drink coffee composed of 50% flavored creamer and more sugar than a can of coke. It's attractive and gives you the placebo effect of fresh ground coffee. I think marketing knew exactly who they want buying this machine.
I think that this machine is going after the Keurig audience.  Keurigs make horrible coffee, but the point is, does this thing make better coffee than a Keurig for around the same price point?   Like it or not, some people like their Keurigs.  A more helpful video might have been to compare it to a Keurig.
Does James sell his own coffee machines? If not, why hasn't he? I'll do a deposit right now
Drew Barrymore Coffee Maker? More like Con Machine.
Interesting screen illumination choice. looks hard to read
$20-25, landed in the US, at most, is what this machine costs. If someone in Walmart told me it was actually $18, I wouldn't be surprised that I was off by a couple of dollars.
Hahhaa when you thought grams were winning... they'll start using "coffee beans" as a measuring unit 😂
Is there a decent bean to cup coffee maker?  I used to have a Gaggia Super Automatic machine and the coffee & espresso was pretty terrible.
Hope you have a good day James!
What it needs is someone putting some very good burrs on it and re-testing (hint hint)
*In which Daddy Hoff divorces Momma Drew*
Just changed my ringtone to James saying "filthy!"
On the coffee made by this being weak is probalby because its for the american market. Clarkson gave the perfect instructions on how to make an american coffee...take a coffee bean and cut it in half...briefly submerge in lukewarm water. Done.
Looks alot like one of those illy pod machine
lolwut Metric has won. Americans just don't realise that their goofy freedom units are officially defined in terms of Metric ones.
I realised I wasting too much of my life fannying about with grinding beans, making espresso etc, so I got a french press from a charity shop for a fiver and it's perfect for me. Almost as fast and easy as instant, and a lot tastier.
What is the cheapest machine that would actually do a acceptable job at what this machine claims to do?
Please consider having George clooney on for some light talk and a medium roast
Drew Barrymore is also just not good.  She doesn't care about labor at all, so you know this cheep machine hurt people and communities along the way
Would you do a new comparation of cheap grinders?, recently the KINGrinder P series came out, and they look very decent for the price
Is it just me or James looks like he’s been hitting the gym more than he’s been making coffees??
I think they understand Americans don't read manuals.
I don’t think this thing can top the bripe. All other tools are inferior to it.
Why can't people just put in the work and use a stovetop pot? I can use any bean, and I enjoy the process. Slow down and smell the coffee people ☕
Should have tried it with grounds from a better grinder to see if it could be better
I never know how to interpret this channel.  This is clearly a product for people who don't want specialty coffee and the criticism is that it's not good for specialty coffee.  If you go to Walmart and buy a coffee maker and then you walk over and buy beans, this meets your needs.  If you walk into a Walmart, buy a coffee maker, then you go to an artisan roaster and spend $20-30 on a bag of bright and interesting light roast I think you might be missing the point.  I think this video misses the point.  Pods/Cups/Whatever make truly terrible coffee EVEN from a the perspective of someone who goes to Tim Hortons or Dunkin Donuts, this product is aiming at the mass market consumer who doesn't want their morning coffee to taste stale, but still wants a French Roast.
So I'm guessing that a budget way of going from beans to cup without too much difficulty or technique would be a hand grinder with burrs, an aero press, and a digital weighing scale?
I have this machine I paid @149.00 SCOTT UK - Slimissimo Black Velvet; Fully Automatic Bean-to-Cup Coffee Machine; 19 Bar Pressure, 1.1L, 1470W [Energy Class A+] and I reckon its pretty good, had it eight months, would recommend.
What about the Melitta aromafresh 2? It's a bean to cup for around £200. I just bought one to replace my Nespresso Vertuo but I haven't opened it yet because I don't know the difference between ok/good coffee..
Once again, a cleberity slaps their names on something the do not understand.
I can hardly wait Hames take on this!
Cheap bean to cup seems too good to be true, it probably is....A celebrity or influencer's name is attached to it??? Definitely not worth it...
As good a coffeemaker as Drew is an actress.
James, this is a machine for ultra-casuals who've never had a real cup of coffee. 😂 It isn't made for us. It's for people to transition into real coffee from fake crap.
As always, I love watching your videos for the education on coffee and products. Thank you.
Why did James Hoffman and Drew Barrymore's coffee machine decide to part ways?  Because they realized their relationship was grounds for a latte disappointment.
Honestly I'd rather see one of these in a hotel than a Nespresso machine.
It seems to me that it makes fresh coffee beans taste like kcup coffee.   No thanks, Ms. Barrymore.   I can do fine with barely decent preground coffee and my pour over setup. With the kettle, about $40 plus the cost of filters.
This American prefers metric.
if you ask me this plastic box is about 15% from killing the game, it hits that pricepoint kind of firmly as a device that, with flaws, does brew whatever coffee beans you put into it. with only the software, burr and burr placement and water measurement as valid complaints, one can figuratively for a moment ignore the fact that this format does not actually produce a good strong cup of coffee in its current state and instead treat it as an indicator of where this technology currently presents itself for a price. considering the construction quality is evidently and explained as, not a rattling cheapness yet, i reckon this can only get cheaper- as a lot has been spent making it look twee for the ladies.   a prediction can be made as with film industry, as the budget gets lower, there is higher potential for it to become much better, as many of these overengineered or simply bogus 'patented technologies' and underengineered software are no longer required as a part of the production, thus they could be replaced with simpler more direct solutions.
nice vid.  So, a lot of good ideas, executed poorly. got it.
Would have been a more interesting machine if they made it for 250-300. Still really good value for what is an all in one brew bundle, but i'm not sure many people would buy it instead of a pourover kit with a better grinder.
before even watching the rest, for under 100, the cleaning is going to be awful  get a 10 dollar grinder, it'll be fine
BLack MOldrew
I like that you set the output to be X-oz of coffee, rather than use X-oz of Litres of water, it make more sense to the user/consumer, if the machine can do the maths for me. I know its not the conventional way, but neither is measuring in oz, so I'm happy with that. Shame about the rest. Not really unexpected though.
I would like a larger one to do a pot of coffee and espresso.  In better quality too.
Geeez.  I had a kitchen aid with a similar mechanical flow, about 12 years ago, using a blade, and it came up with far better grounds.  There was a screen between the grinder and the basket, so any too-large bits would get bounced back.    I think it was $70-80 but it wasn’t ~cute~
Brew Berry More
For all the good coffee is doing pushing metric, BBQ is undoing!
I like the premise, from ground coffee to single cup brewing, and can not wait till someone figures it out.   I am also happy with Drew deciding to enter this new tech at a reasonable price point.
It looked exactly like what I would expect a machine that ground coffee and brewed it also would look like for $100. LOL
Have you moved to America??? Your content has been poor of late in my opinion. In my eyes you were a well respected member of the upper coffee circle. Now you're reviewing American store coffee and American white goods!? Where did prof Hoff go??? 😢
Hope it was useful for somebody, but this feels like a waste of every ones life. Anyone following your channel should get a rough idea that 99$ rarely can be good either for brew or grind. never both and moreover good at both. There are so many good products that people would love see your review. Hope to see you soon posting about DF83, DF83v, SSP cast sweet lab, ECM machines, and other things that actually can make good coffee
American here and supportive of metric system and 24 hour clocks.  Yes I'm a weirdo to my fellow citizens but I don't care. :)
Brew Caringless
Metric system FTW!
hehe brew darrymore hehehe ... i'll see myself out
Love your videos. Not only very informative but extremely entertaining.
This is a great example of how fair James is to whatever he’s reviewing— treating them and their efforts with generosity while also holding them to a standard based on what they’re up to. I will say it would have been a bit more useful to have some more medium to darker roast coffee to test this thing would have been maybe more instructive all around— both its flaws which are not fixable (as you said) as well as maybe a touch better flavor.
perfect example of the customer and the company being misaligned - if you care about fresh beans and good coffee, you are likely not bound to sub $100 product.. make a $250 product that is amazing and sell many more.
Thks so much for the review.  Reminds me you get what u pay for.  It's worth saving up for something of better quality that will last years as you said.  I don't have income to afford the best but found I could get decent quality by purchasing refurbished returns.  I got better quality equipment that I could than afford, I helped the environment a little so now I can have a good cup of coffee, enjoy the process and grow with the experience of becoming better coffee maker
You’ve conditioned me, an American, to adopt grams as a unit of measurement. I cannot go back.
I can see the trauma from the Aldi review
Another to add to the list... Now we all want a bean to cup from James!
Looks like James is trapped by his own worktop... where is the exit?
I guess in the end Drew's brews lose. 🤷‍♂️
I would love if this were better for gift purposes. My mother-in-law loves coffee, but has no interest in making it herself. (Yes, I know, and yes, I know that too. That's just how she is and I'm not picking that fight.) An affordable all-in-one, push button = receive coffee is precisely the sort of device she would love to have.  Unfortunately, it doesn't look like this is it.
I would prefer to simply chew some beans and pour boiling coffee into my throat.
Stop making fun of are imperial measurements lmao. Im America , grams people!
Yeah she doesnt really care about the coffee, obviously only in for the money. I hate this ''celebrity-putting-their-names-on-products-they-have-nothing-to-do-with'' trend. This walmart quality appliance will end up in the landfill after max 1 year. You will have wasted your money, she will get her money and the environment will have to deal with this trash. I hate this with passion.
😂 it's kinda like aggressively rubbing the coffee to pieces with your hand... Vaguely more effective 😂
Would love to see a review of the bincoo moka pot, looks interesting but nobody seems to be talking about it
Strong should be measured on someone that DOESNT drink regularly.
As an American I laughed at your grams Vs. ounces rant, because at least we don't measure stuff in STONE. I mean, come on Britian!
should've called it the Brew Barrymore...
Could you replace the burrs?
Oh Drew....
Plz show us where you got that mini espresso machine model from
Just thinking, we know what James' face looks like when he tries something horrible.  Because we've seen it.  A couple of times.  But he didn't make that face here, so that's something.    I did have one question after watching this: how would you compare the coffee from this machine to a standard Mr Coffee esque machine using pre-ground coffee?  It seems like that is what the person buying this machine would be comparing to.
Should have just let you choose how much water to use, separate from how much bean to grind.
As an idea and a form factor, this is great. Shame it couldn't live up to it.
James: Make up your own mind whether it's worth it. Also James: This thing sucks.
Patiently waiting for James to make something like this that ACTUALLY works.
Don't be sorry about America losing "the great measurement war". As an American - I, and many of us, think our system is garbage.
Hmm - sounds interesting - can't say Im a fan of the controls though - shades of something from the Hitchhiker's guide: "the black button labeled in black on a black background does a little black light light up black to let you know you've done it.."
James is assuming too much regarding American aversion to picking a system... just like our language and accents; we will forever be confused.
Mary Tyler Moore would have one. Very 1974
Everytime I see a new James Hoffmann video I can't resist my urge to pull out my grinder and make a fresh V60, no matter how much coffee I already consumed this day. 😊
Drew Scabbymore
The Narrator: "It isn't"
I'm gonna be honest= i have no clue who Drew Barrymore is
Buck Foston
I love the snarky thumbnail. Please don't change it 😂
Brew Darryless
Can you modify this? If you found some burr grinders of the same size? I remember opening up one of my old grinders and finding something very similar. If they are all buying the cheap fake stuff from one factory in China, they should all be the same size, so you should be able to get "real" replacements?
We Americans know we're wrong, nothing to apologize for
I'm surprised that as a public media personality you'd dedicate a whole video to a product sold by someone like Drew Barrymore who was a scab during the writers strike. Love u James but not sure about this; also please speak out for Palestine 🇵🇸🇵🇸
I think a bean to cup drip machine compare video is in order! (With real burr grinders) Sage, Melitta, etc
Drew Barrymore is watching this and shitting her pants.  Well done. 😂
I would have appreciated it if you had brewed with a darker roast. That was very light and as you said, this machine would do better with a darker coffee, which 99% of people would be using. I'm sure you could have gotten ahold of nice med-dark specialty coffee.
So devils advocate as someone that knows nothing about coffee other than through your videos  Arnt cheaper coffee's generally darker roast to hide the cheapness?   Feels like if someone is buying a cheap as possible all in one coffee set, they likely also enjoy cheap coffee.   I know some people who enjoy cheap coffee, and the idea of being able to do it from bean rather than using instant coffee might be a genuine option for their personal taste.  It feels a lot of whats in here makes sense if you are someone who just wants cheap, easy coffee - and are fine with the negatives that come with that.
will it reduce the mess if you sprinkle beans with water?
James, have you ever shared your opinion on the ESE pods and how they compare to the other plastic ones
I could see a better version of this replacing k-cup brewers in hotels across the nation, but this one...
It looks pretty. but wow it looks like a nightmare to clean.
I hate these "burrs" a friend bought one of these grinders with them in it after I tried to convince her to buy a grinder and she is very insistent that these are flat burrs and that it had very good Amazon reviews. You know if people buy something like this they obviously have no clue what they're buying and it sure is somewhat better than pre ground but it's still terrible.
i still dont get why the filters half solid
“Sorry America.” Metric FTW!
As an American, I hate all y'all for doing this to me, but I use grams when making pour over and espresso. Metric is definitely winning the coffee space.
Too bad. Nice try. I do have a nice grinder but I've never used it. My brother has a version of this by Cuisinart and swears by it. I was hoping to hear about a good, low-cost model, but I guess those words don't often go together.
And it was all going SO well…  Evokes Memories of the Aldi (Yes, that Aldi) Espresso machine.
Honestly my big problem here is you cheated. Right away you're like "this thing strongly prefers dark coffee" and then you're like "I don't have any. Oh well! Onward!" Also, you point out the price point but then compare the grind to higher end grinders. That's apples and oranges. Should have tried to beat the output for 100$ using other pieces. This is a loaded review imo. That said, for me, the deal breaker is that mess all around the basket and it being damp. That's a mold factory. Hard pass.
Comment for the algorithm, thank you for the video James. I guess i wont be buying this today. There go my plans😢
Is it warm enough for you?
James: owns a coffee roasting company...has no access to dark or even medium roast beans. Lol.
Looks good, but not ever will I buy any machine that beeps at me
is that display/control panel as badly visible in real life as in the video?
Missed out on Brew Barrymore :/
I’ve tried it and returned it.  Agree 100%.  What a mess afterwards!
Those ‘false burrs’ plus loads of plastic = static overload. As demonstrated by the fines that were all over the place. It’s similar to a Delonghi grinder I had, for a short time. Then I realised that it was a foolish waste of money and quickly replaced it with a Wilfa Uniform, the difference was night and day. Unfortunately, there’s no cheap shortcut to good coffee.
Can you do a comparison video on bean-to-cup drip brewers? I would love something like a Sage that has a really good grinder on it for when I inevitably get lazy and don't want to do a French press in the morning :)
3:39 "HALF!" Hoffmann said, calmly.
This is why i stay subscribed! Not the 5k pound setups hahahah
I have the 12 cup coffee maker and the kettle from this line. I don't think I've had a better basic coffee maker and the kettle is quite nice.
What the f**k is a kilometer? :) Medicine forced me to use ml and kilograms, aviation forces me to use centigrade… coffee is the only time I’ve genuinely been happy about using the metric system, but mixing the systems is the worst.
"Sorry America." Don't apologize the imperial system sucks and we'd be better off with metric too.
Could you please do a review on the Delonghi Truebrew?
I think its underestimated how much we already mix metric and imperial all the time.
If I were buying an all-in-one I would have walked past this ‘system’
I think you are not looking at the right market.  I have 2 Df Grinders, a Conical  and Flat. A Lucca X58 HX machine. HOWEVER, my wife uses a Cuisinart auto maker with Folger Coffee. She would get a much better cup that SHE would enjoy. It would have been interesting  to use dark roast and good preground coffee that this type of user might try, say Peets. Then a tester who is more the target Market and see if they would enjoy the "upgrade"  The price is cheaper  than her automatic .
My Melitta AromaFresh (which also has a grinder) was less than that. And I like the coffee it makes.
What an absolute shame this isn't available where I live. I guess I'll just have to live without.
I see they've gone for the controversial EDT (explosive distribution technique). Looks like a post-taco bell disaster.
OMG when James opened it after it was finished grinding 😂
To be fair, it's sold at Walmart and is targeting a certain demographic.  Which is not his audience(Us).  I'm sure it'll be serviceable for Walmart shoppers though :)
It's better to save money for later and buy some cheap delonghi and it will make a creamy strong coffee for just about RuR 30.000 (about $300?).
"That's not ground coffee, that's just a piece of bean" is the greatest insult ever towards coffee grinder.
Why isn't it called Brew by Drew?
I was really hoping this would have been a good budget all in one bean to cup.
Sorry America )
We need a review of the Spinn machine
time for SSP dB burrs
I am going to point out the absolutely horrific colour contrast on that display which makes this a terrible purchase for low vision users. Accessibility matters. I wouldn't buy it for that reason alone even though I am capable of reading the display.
What's your opinion about the De'Longhi Rivelia?
Imma say no
For those who need to know Slurps: 0 Beeps: 13
Thanks. I had high hopes until you showed the ground beans.
By concept this is the ideal Keurig killer and I think most would happily pay 3 times the price for a better quality version. Does a similar alternative even exist?
i mean...it's 100$...what did you expect lol
This is an insane man evaluating a cheery Nissan Versa with a Bugatti yardstick and I am here for it
That basket of grounds 😮😮 🫨🫨🫨
The best grind and brew coffee maker ever IMO,  Melitta MEMB1B
Brew Berrymore
“They’re mixing the old imperial and metric, which is terrible” said the Englishman. Pot? kettle?
Drip Brewmore
every cafe i ever went in, from Moroccan Tar to Timbuktu, was staffed by Drew Barrymore. Now it makes a lot more sense.
James... *beep* nice *beep* *beep* review of this *beep* product *beep*  Sigh...
Available in the 🇬🇧??
Is it just me, or this color combo makes things unreadable for others?
Well it looks nice
exclusively sold at walmart coffee machine is already off to a bad start
Looks like tat
“Coffee is winning the war for metric to be the answer” okay but we [Americans] learned our system from YOU, Dad…
Get a $40 coffee grinder and a $10 moka pot equivalent, you'll have vastly superior coffee for the next decade than this at half the price.
Hey James, I’d love to see you review the Orb One stovetop brewer in the future. It’s a fairly new product and I’d love to know how it stacks against a traditional Moka pot. :3
Drip Burrymore
Summary: useless.
Never been more happy to be first
congrats on 2 million subs james! love your content!
I’ve need been this early in my life- wow!
what.. ok first impression (thumbnail) it looks kind nice, in a not the best retro-square way but not bad really.  guess video need to be played now. Soo, the Darry Brewlater will brew you a lovely cup of a piece of bean
"Perfection is brewing.... somewhere else"
I initially confused Michael and Drew in my head and was thoroughly shocked that he had the marketing clout to carry off launching a coffee machine.
So.... create your own machine James?
Brew Coffeemore
Hames Joffmann enjoys this
coffe
I'm first!
Brew Darrymore
