Commenting 2+ years later so no one will see this, but:  Michael Eisner *loved* Riverdance, so all the Riverdance references in 90s Disney movies were the filmmakers sucking up to Eisner to get their project greenlit.
😢
😮
O my gods wait is the bear jungle book the same voice acteras as pacha empors groove
Some addicts hit rock bottom and keep digging.
Fun fact: Eartha Kitt recorded a villain song for Yzma called "Snuff Out the Light" that they never used due to reworking the plot
Our family can quote this movie near-verbatim. Yzma in particular is one of my Mom's favorite characters. We often include "Eh, Pacha?" in our conversations
12:13 they have at least rough animations and storyboards to work with
With how much trouble went making this movie I wouldn't be surprised if a lab did blow up!
Kuzco and Yzma remind me of Jesper and Mrs. Tammy Krum from Klaus, respectively.
I like to think that eanyone who is not fully mentully mature aka not yet 25 is not a adult yet due to that sead person's brain not being fully mature yet.
Hold up... what did Sting do?
You guys forgot to comment on the best scene of the film. "Pull the lever Kronk!!" "WRONG LEVER!!!"
I'm reaaaaaly then you guys can't enjoy the Brazilian version of this film, with Selton Mello. It's even better than the original.
Bro I'm rewatching this and if my therapist made me laugh and then made it awkward I would never laugh in a session again I would be too insecure about it afterwards
Kuzco's used to getting his way. Pacha is the only one, who does stand up to him. Because he doesn't work for him. I forgot, he showed up to the palace at the beginning. He just wants him to leave his hilltop home at peace. Being kind to someone, who's been to cruel to you. Isn't an easy thing to do. Most people won't do it. BTW! Kuzco auguring with his voiceover is hilarious.
Quick Caveat: I haven't finished the video yet, but I just wanted to mention that I love that part when Kuzco is sitting in the rain and His Voice Over comes in and he argues with it. I love it because Voice Over Kuzco is still arguing that, "Woe is me, I'm still the victim", but Kuzco isn't having it. It is like the Voice Over represents Kuzco's narcissistic tendencies still at work, but Kuzco quickly shoots it down, because he knows it is not true. It is a cool little scene to show that True Change is possible to anyone, but also that change is not easy. When habits have been so ingrained in someone over a lifetime, some of those tendencies realistically come and relapse...not because the person hasn't changed, but because the behavior or thought process is still there. It takes work to change those behaviors, even if the person themselves have changed.
I can see, please say without a doubt. Yes, Houston is a narcissist. I said figure out and that's good and David's faith is not a bad actor but I wanted to pound true skill in the face with a Maller. Just watching his characters be so sleazy. Just makes you just want to puke on the character, not him the actor.  Just clarifying
Love this movie, great episode, happy fan :D
i think its important to point out everyyy one has their own "common sense" and common sense isnt common. its not just that a narcissist or a cheater are just that way, its even more, its all they know in their minds its the only logical direction so obviously everyone is that way in their eyes.
I LOVE Emperor’s New Groove!! Great video! 😃😃💁🏽‍♀️💁🏽‍♀️
15 years and we still don’t have Yzma’s roller coaster at Disney World
The visuals are so freaking good and mesmerizing it took me over a listening to the opening song while folding laundry (aka not watching) to realize that’s FREAKING TOM JONES. What?!
this movie is a comedy classic
I don't see Sting making them change the ending as him being narcisistic - if you know the whole backstory to the extremely troubled production of this movie, he got on board when the movie was supposed to be a musical by the name of "Kingdom of the Sun", a mix between a more straightforward "The prince and the pauper" story and an Incan sun god myth, planned to be something more akin The Lion King, which is why they got Sting, since they figured out that his involvement would be as much of a boon to the movie as Elton John had been on The Lion King.   Sting effectively wrote a whole score for the movie, and his wife documented the movie's production, and in the midst of it, it turned into something completely different, which understandably pissed him off, since he had already done all this work which would barely see the light of day (we know of at least 4 songs he composed for the movie, one of which was used for the ending credits of the final cut), and on top of it all, they made an ending which clashed with his deeply held environmentalist beliefs, as the ending would have been "Kuzco builds his theme park somewhere else", instead of simply him getting a vacation home on the nearby hill, so he just wrote them a letter saying that he would have quit the production given that he had spent a good part of 15 years fighting against mass deforestation, and didn't like the idea of being associated with a movie whose ending destroys the environment for no reason.
I thought not but this movie is so more fun in portuguese...you guys made me remember this movie now I'm gonna watch it again
5:47 My video started lagging at this exact moment, making it seem like he thought about it for a minute or two before deciding on “don’t know don’t care” 😭🤣
What if youre realizing you ARE the kuzco in your life? What steps do you take?
I think we should get a Couples Therapy video for Kronk and Birdwell in Kronk's New Groove.
“Don’t tell me. We’re about to go over a huge waterfall.”  “Yep.”  “Sharp rocks at the bottom?”  “Most likely.”  “Bring it on.”
Kuzco s narcissism is definitely more nurture than nature, and even has historical and cultural grounds. Ruler of Inka empire was considered to be not god, but the Sun  itself☀️. So, when Kuzco says ,,"The world revolves around me" , that isn t just narc , that was what people actually believed.
This is one of my favorite movies. I remember going to watch it with my mom at the library. We didn’t have too much money growing up and the library would regularly host screenings of newer films for free. I loved the movie so much that my mom got me the VHS tape of it for my birthday. It holds a special place in my heart for that.
10:20 "some day you're gonna wind up all alone, and you'll have no-one to blame but yourself" is pretty much exactly what I told my ex after we broke up. I still hope she's going to manage to change some day for her own sake, but I won't be the one putting in the effort in her place anymore.
Alan saying he's a narcissist while being the LEAST narcissistic person ever and if he is then he just hides it really well 🤣 good one, Alan 🤣
this isn't true narcissism at full tilt, just spoiled price Spade...which makes the main character rewatchable.
You said David Spade is a great comedian with the right script. Thing is, this movie barely had a cohesive script. They deliberately hired actors known for their improv skills, and instead of giving them a list of lines to read, the production team gave them the gist of a scene and said “Go!”
I would refer to Nero VS Mark-Aurelius for the education they both got. One ended up being a narcissist maniac and the latter was a great philosopher.
I'd want people not to point out when I laugh if I think I couldn't. It's really mean!
20:30 I really hate when people ask why I laugh, my father would do it all the time and now it's just kills the mood of anything that is enjoyable
7:10 Stacey from Studio C?!
6:42 Having met Spade a couple times sadly he is a bit like this character for real. I believe he's a great comedian, I don't think he's a bad person, but he is quite the narcissist.
Honestly, Kuzco for me, with the lack of empathy and all that, as someone with autism, comorbid alexithymia and ADHD, especially how rigid and inflexible he can be, how he is about being "thrown off his groove", etc., it was easy for me to see myself in that image, although a lot of that comes down to the perception of you as a person as well, and most of that is unflattering, especially his impulsivity lending to that, maybe not really always seeing why it would be "wrong" to behave selfishly or act out, and at least a portion of that was me having meltdowns or panic attacks without knowing and engaging in fight or flight, but.  I dunno. Kuzco is an important character for me in that sense, even knowing the differences in hindsight, because it showed me a lot of qualities and struggles I had (or thought I did, or was told I did), but also said I could get better.   And sometimes, because of Pathological Demand Avoidance, I would lash out or struggle harder, and things like that as well, the combativeness and self-interest, because, say, when I was a child, I may have kicked, hit, or bit someone to get out of doing something that troubled me, because if I couldn't it was meltdown city, but I didn't always see the problem with that behavior because of my distress, and even when I did, I wasn't always good at _showing_ it.   Even with any differences, it felt... _I felt..._ connected to something, and that made such a huge difference, I think.
I bet at the time it was fresh and daring to have Kuzco behave like a villain in the beginning. Like that scene where he tells Pacha he’s going to build his summer home over his hill. If I hadn’t seen the movie and only that clip alone I would have guessed he was the villain! He made Yzma look like a saint!
I think they deliberately emphasized his age because your character isn't set in stone until your late 20s. It was his luck that he encountered Pacha as a teenager when he was still not fully formed like Yzma. He had to be pushed back in a position of no power and being dependant on a stranger. And that stranger acted fully on selflessness, quite the opposite of what he would've done. Him realizing that he can trust Pacha unconditionally and this way of kindness actually exists, finally makes him change 'cause he can't loose someone like this for the sake of his own interests. He saves Pacha instead of choosing the potion to change back. Risking to stay a llama and loosing his privilege as an emperor. It's a found family trope 'cause he kinda gets adopted by Pacha and Chicha in the end and I love it. Also take note that the emperor's groove is the way he lives his life, his pattern of behavior, which is tossing people out of windows if he feels like it, firing people and mocking them about their age and destroying villages. His new groove turns about to be him trying to be a decent person. I really liked that they didn't turn a 180 on him, just gave him a conscience.
I'm surprised no one touched on Krink's line "No one really seems upset that he's gone". I get it was a bit overshadowed by Kuzco realizing Patcha was right and Yzma's trying to kill him, but that also should've hit Kizco pretty hard that no one really cares if he's alive or dead
Have you guys never done Hotel Transylvania!? I just looked for it in search and looks like you havent. I love those movies, would be cool if you guys did a video on that.
Ive never seen this movie but they kinda remind me of jaime and brienne
4:49 So that's where the meme is gotten from!! 😲
I love Cusco
Technically we do 18:17 have a coossco in our lives, but instead of a lama he’s the president of the united states 😂 😠
"It's not the first window I've been thrown out of and it won't be the last. I'm a rebel."  -the best bit player in all the movies
David Spade is very underrated.  I like him a lot.
It's so fun and interesting watching your reactions and analysis. I know it technically isn't a "movie", but the character Prince Wendell in the mini-series "The 10th kingdom" goes through a similar experience as Kuzco. Though Wendall isn't really that narcissistic, he has his moments (spoiled, arrogant stuck-up, sometimes almost bored attitude, especially towards commoners and half-humans).    Prince Wendall is magically transformed into a dog by his evil stepmother and the dog takes Wendall's body, so the stepmother plans to ultimately rule all 9 kingdoms in their universe. Also, the longer Wendall stays in dog form, he slowly starts to loose his human mind and become more dog-like and forget things like his parent's names, etc so the stakes are a bit higher.
6:28 at this point they talk about the good "script" of this movie the only problem is this movie did not have a script when they were making it they only made one after the movie was released its a pretty funny story actually for any interested I would suggest doing some digging on it
In our house, the line from this movie that got picked up in everyday life was “I don’t make deals with peasants”
So happy that you did this full Kuzco episode. As a kid I had a hard time with the Disney Lab fase and have apparently missed out on some good ones. Thanks to you guys I am happy to fill up these film holes ❤
I love how this movie never actually had a script during production
i love this series i get to learn so much about myself
My all time favourite Disney movie 🔥 🔥 🔥
Could we have the same kind of analysis of Sheldon Cooper in the Big Bang Theory ? Like he is fundamentally narcissistic but through many interactions and long times friendship he changes bit by bit without becoming someone completely different ?
So how does one find a therapist they can actually trust? I've found that trusting humans in general is a bad idea so it's hard to find a therapist, even if I had insurance.
you can't just drop a bomb like "Sting made them change the ending" and then NOT ELABORATE???? now i have to google it!!?!?!?
Kuzko feels like a fever dream draft that Ryan Reynolds was the dream casting for LOL
It is pretty nice to hear you guys' thoughts on voice acting. It's one of those areas of animation that's always piqued my interest.
I realize this was just a throwaway joke, but when Alan says "Im a narcissist" and Jono responds with "as your friend, I disagree, but Im gonna let you explore that space"...omg what a great line. Im keeping that one in the back pocket for the next time a friend insists theyre a terrible person and wont hear otherwise. Its a great way of saying "I disagree, but Im not invalidating your feelings either, lets explore that space". Such a random joke but one that also displays Jon's true expertise hahaha
23:30    facts, rock bottom has to be hit eventually, as long as people can go on the way they used to people will do that, only when they have hit rock bottom so they HAVE to change course otherwise.... well...... youre gonna grind yourself down to the bone while forcing yourself deeper into rock bottom untill you can no longer go on
A question for jono. Are sigmas narssersist, like cusco?
And you can't neglect the sequel TV show, the Emperor's New School!
I would like to note, kuzco was not raised by his parents but primarily by yzma. not only is he projecting on pacha but he has never had someone GENUINELY care about him in his life
Even he is 17 yrs goin on 18 yrs. He still show heavy of NPD. In time like was said in the video will till if he is just a teenager becoming a man or NPD.   I vote in NPD ✔️
Do wonder!!!
Narcissists are insidious and when you're on the receiving end of their gaslighting, abuse, lack of remorse and lack of empathy it's not fun anymore.
We NEED a video on Yzma!
One of the best movies ever made. Love this movie!
I think the thing that makes it really hard to believe a narcissist can change is the fact that, in most cases, you have to see a need to change yourself and want to do it before you actually can, and narcissism is fundamentally averse to that idea
I learned relatively recently that this entire movie was unscripted. Nobody planned a single thing. The voice actors, directors, and storyboard artists all routinely sat in a conference room to toss around ideas and see what stuck. There's actually a documentary on it, but Disney has tried to hide it. Maybe they think that honesty ruins their reputation 🙄.
3:26 “sorry!
3:22 im sorry, but you e Thorsen off the emperors Groove!
Ive heard that the emperors new Groove dident have a script, it was entirely 100% improvised by the voice-actors! Do you belive that?
4:50 the meme of perfekt! Thats what his face was rhigt there!
Please do a relationship reaction to either the Peeta/Gale/Katniss triangle, or the Captain and Maria in The Sound of Music. :)
2:07 different from every one else? Is there another child emperor in his life? 3:22  pouting child. 😂 Also how heartbreaking that a child, which kuzco technically is, listens to the women who raised him, a mother figure, be angry that the plot to murder him with poison didn't work.
Thank you so much for doing this !! greetings from Germany🪻🪻🪻
I love this Video. I also love at the end Johnnos Yzma impression but actually sounded like Kind Candy from Wreck it Ralph
emoticon
Every Adam Sandler movie needs to be remade with David Spade, because these two are right about him actually keeping you watching a total jerk. Many of those movies also need to be rewritten.
You should review the legend of Korea season 4
The brazilian dub of this movie is amazing, every line is pure gold
@CinemaTherapyShow, as to your reference to David and his ability to deliver on a script.   For you saying that Disney had a good experimental era, this is most definitely where they experimented with script, in that, they barely had one. Knowing that half the voice cast came from skit comedy, they let them fly in the recording booth to see what they came up with.   Patrick Warburton (Kronk) and David had worked together in comedy in the past. If there was any of the cast to whom they gave guidance, it was Eartha, (Yzma) but I guess to be like "think of any annoying theatre directors or managers you've worked with, what would you do or say if you could?"
Kuzco isn't a bad guy he just doesn't have the right guidance in his life 😂😂 the movie that started by generation as a Early 200s kid myself this started my era of cartoons in general love this movie
Can people who have broken their integrity, or never had it, (have been cheaters and liars in the past) get better if they really want to?  And what does that look like; are there steps/exercises/things they can do to fix that in their mind and behavior and help them act in accordance to how they want to in the future?  ... asking for a friend..
1:18 He’s actually not far off. Watch the documentary ‘The Sweatbox’. The making of this movie was rough.
One of my favourite quotes: When i hit rock bottom i didnt know i could keep digging.
This is my favorite movie about Perú
I loved this movie when I saw it in theaters, and I still watch it to this day.
Wait, is this Beauty and the Beast but with friendship? 😮
That last bit about Sting.... 😂😂😂 Some people truly can do no wrong lol
When your born into a world, your naturally unaware of what surrounds you, so it’s not a fair say to call a child a narcissist. In this instance, if he is one it’s because he was made into one.
What I love about the character Pacha, is yes he is nice. He literally gave the shirt off his back. However, he still asserts boundaries.  "I will not help you unless you don't destroy my home."
I would love to see a live action of this film.
How can you differentiate if someone is dealing with a personality disorder like Kusco that may stem from trauma/abuse and if someone is just being an asshole?
The best part about this movie is that there was no script. No script was produced or given out until a few months after the premier. I love it so much.
Is it that you MUST hit rock bottom, or is it that whatever point you were at before seeking treatment was lowest and THEREFORE "rock bottom" by default?   I guess I don't like the term because it implies that, say, the only way an addict is gonna seek treatment is if they end up unemployed and homeless, and performing degrading acts for money that goes straight into their veins while they pass out on a dirty mattress in some dilapidated, boarded up flop house.   I grew up in a poor rural area and alcoholism runs strong in both sides of my family: I know a lot of recovering addicts. They didn't sink _that_ low.   Maybe we just need a better term for it. Or just clarify that it's THEIR rock bottom, and everyone's is different.
The script was actually written ad hoc. It blew my mind and made perfect sense when I found out
My favorite thing about this movie is apparently they didn't have a script until after it was in theaters? they just used whatever jokes they found funny.
Eartha Kitt as Yzma is absolutely delectable. For those of you who don’t recognize the name, she sang Santa Baby and played Cat Woman in the 1960s live action Batman show. She was such an icon and her voice was so distinctive and unique. She truly had one of the most memorable voices I’ve ever heard. Sadly, she passed away in 2008 at 81, but she lived such a long and amazing life and will always be an icon to me.
This movie is where my entire generation got its sense of humor
Okay, after seeing so many of these videos, I have to ask how I can become a client for Jono? He seems to be the only therapist that could help. I’ve tried more than 3x and no one has helped.
Listening to the Vault Disney podcast, I realized that Kuzco arguing with his narration is Kuzco realizing he needed to get over himself.
Rewatching this and considering David Spade, have you guys ever considered doing a video about Joe Dirt?
I came from a narcissistic family system and it always bothered me that "They'll never change" is just taken as a given in the support literature. Maybe in the modern safe sedentary context that is true, but genuine hardship and real adventure and authentic religious experience can and do change anyone.
One thing I noticed recently when watching, is that when Kuzco and Patcha are in the river trying to drink the right potion to change him back, they literally drink all of them and they were all just animals. none of them were poison so from the start, Kronk wouldn’t have been able to kill Kuzco like Yzma wanted. #plotholes!
I was married to a man with NPD for 5 years, and it was awful. Everything you described about people with NPD was him to a "T."  He is one of those who likely will not ever change.
I need a whole episode dedicated to Kronk. Dunno what you'll find to say about him, but I need it.
Still my favorite Disney movie,  after all this time 😁😁😁
I love that pacha kinda realizes the kuzko is a kid who need a good roll model and he never gets really mad at him
if not already you guys should watch klause this christmas
So crazy story behind the making of this film... There was no script. The production team built a full story board for the movie, then when it was approved, they gave the different actors a summary of the story and characters and then just let them loose. So most of David Spades lines in this movie are just him being Kuzco.
Okay I hear, long live COSTCO, and I'm there for it man loool
In my youth, watching "Pay it Forward" is what gave me the big perspective shift into being kind and integrous. I think that would be a fantastic Cinema Therapy episode.
Been loving these! Searched it, don't think I've seen it anywhere, would be awesome if you did Road to El Dorado :D
3 Cuzcos, maybe 4, but I am thankful for the hope. 2 for certain,  man oh man do they hate boundaries!
This movie is pure gold, thank you for making an episode on it
I love John Goodman
Please do an episode of Villain Therapy for Syndrome, the villain of the Incredibles! He’s an excellently written villain who I want to hear your thoughts on.
5:49 YouTube placed an ad here for a mortgage company 🤦🏼‍♀️😂
My family so loves this movie! It's a classic in its own time. My sisters and I always weave movie quotes into everyday conversation, and this is a major source of those quotes. Some of our faves include: "I win." "Is that my voice?" "My spinach puffs!" "Squeak squeaker squeak squeaketh." "You owe me a new acorn." "Why do we even have that lever?" "The groooove." (with hand gesture) "I'm sorry, you've thrown off the emperor's groove." "Bless you for coming out in public." "Mazel tov." And innumerable others.
There’s no change without humility
Hate to break it to you guys but David Spade is a lot like his character in this movie, sadly. I believe he was never considered great by most because he's incredibly hard to work with and a narcissist.
I'm italian and when I was a kid I used to watch this movie all the time with my parents. Recently I've watched in english and Kuzko's voice is great but italian yzma it's just the best
Ok. It's a great movie. But the Italian dubbing is clearly superior to the English one.
I was hoping they would mention how Kuzco is canonically 18 in the film. He’s still a child who grew up spoiled and was never told no. Pacha is a father who’s currently raising what I think are 5,6, and/or 7 years old. Raising children who are at that age is not easy. So I like to imagine Pacha’s patience for Kuzco comes from that. Especially the way how he talks to him like a father telling a child that their behavior is bad. Plus Pacha was really worried about Kuzco being alone in the forest alone.   This whole film is the “accidentally adopted an annoying child but now I will die for them” trope.
How do we feel about a Kronk episode??
That thumbnail was so funny AH! These thumbnails are so funny!
You’d be interested to know that the movie had a troubled production.  It’s originally going to be “Kingdom of the Sun,” and originally going the have Roger Allers, the co-director of The Lion King, to direct it, along with Mark Dindal. The plot was going to be a retelling of Mark Twain’s “The Prince and the Pauper” set in South America, with songs written by Sting.  What happened was nobody could come up with a coherent story. There were numerous plot elements mashed together, including the addition of a love interest, and heavy emphasis on Incan culture. There were so many problems with the story, that somebody suggested a streamlined buddy comedy plot.   Once everybody agreed to that idea, Allers decided to quit knowing his vision wasn’t going to happen. Mark Dindal took over and had to rely on storyboards because there wasn’t a completed script.   When Sting had been told about the change, along with his songs getting scrapped as it’s no longer a musical (though the songs did appear on The Emperor’s New Groove soundtrack), he decided to work on the new film with two new songs: Perfect World and the Oscar-nominated Funny Friend and Me. He even contacted the crew about his displease of the original ending, causing the staff to change it.  There’s a documentary called The Sweatbox, made by Sting’s wife, Trudy Styler, that details everything what happened behind scenes, and how it became the funniest Disney film in the ‘00s. Once the Disney executives saw it, they locked it way fearing that people will see every nook and cranny of making an animated. Luckily in 2012, a workprint got leaked online and it’s been all over the internet ever since.   Just shows not everything’s smooth sailing when working in the animation industry; while at the same, a learning experience.
Maybe do "The Dressmaker" next, lots of trauma and abuse though
Evidently we've also seen this with both Beast and Gaston. Beast and Kuzco share that transformation journey as they're young, in positions of responsibility and thus need it to happen to them. Gaston however is the grown man who refuses to consider or accept change and puts himself as the town hero in the most unhealthy and narcissistic ways.  Say what you will but there's something like that with Magnifico. He has tragic background but to him it's an excuse and reason to make people forget their deepest wishes and put himself as a great liberator when he's infringing on their ability to dream or think for themselves and say what you will about the second wish ceremony scene but that actually stems from his wish system that it's the only way the people know of to see their wishes safe let alone know what they are or reach their dreams and he's not taking into account some of his methods. His moment where he and Asha share their tragedies looks like empathy but next moment we find he wanted her to share HIS views and philosophy that all wishes should be kept away for benefit of his kingdom's structure, rather than given a chance for people to pursue or tame, and the few he grants are based on utility rather than the person's true character or experiences, so to him his people serve as utility and a boost of his own ego and self-image. Like Gaston, Beast or Kuzco even if there's little to no parental care in his life he also lacks parental discipline, which in his case prevents him from taking steps to heal from his past and manifests in that narcissism and bitterness to the world. As for his wife notice he only calls her his "love" only after Amaya calls him Mi Rey aka my king or bolsters him and his self-image and if she tries to reason with him, he either ignores her or if something she says doesn't agree with him he pushes her aside and when he chooses to feed a magic addiction with forbidden magic he threatens her. She wants to believe and bring out good in him, but she's been going about it by coddling him and going soft with reasoning. In the end Amaya needs to put up boundaries and say "no" and he needs a rock bottom to sober up should he choose to accept it.
It wldve been nice to point out why Kuzco became the way He is because of ezmema.  It wld be interesting to use villain therapy on eczema and how that parallel between eczema and Kuzco I think it'll be interesting to see
14:50 With people doing whatever he wanted and agreeing with everything he said no wonder Kuzco's full of himself. His subjects probably thought he'd have them executed for questioning him.
Side note: Kronk is The Man.  He has morals, can cook, is good with kids, is basically a Disney princess the way he talks to squirrels. He can be a bit clueless but that just adds to his charm somehow. Very malewife tm indeed
Fun fact: emperor’s new groove never had a script so they kinda just added whatever made them laugh
There is a reason that Monarchies aren't great.  Capitalism bred Donald Trump, though.
"His ability to deliver on a sharply written script, as evidenced by this..." Actually, very fun fact, if you look into the making of this movie it didn't actually have a script. The script was written up after the movie released in theaters.
18:02 I love this point. It's a joke in all but it's also so true! Alot of people truly need to lose everything before they realize they need to change. once they see that their actions aren't working, then they'll have the capacity to grow and change into a better person tomorrow. It wasn't until he turned into a lama and lost everyone who cared for him that he truly started his changes within himself.
Kuzco's addiction was Admiration. Admiration and Love is a drug, good ole Oxytoxin. He had a flawed concept of how to get love. A lot of narcissists do, I know cause I am one. This video helped a lot thank you.
I rewatched this with the kids this past weekend. One thing i noticed that i realized i have been missing was the classic ludicrous cartoon physics and classic cartoon fourth wall breaks. This movie is loaded with them.
The mass of ads on your videos get really ridiculous. Makes it really hard to stay invested with being interrupted every 5min for at least 1min
we need you to react to bojack horseman
6:17 it’s so funny to me that you say this because …emperors new groove has no script XD at least no official one. Just story boards and notes with a little bit of a plot guiding the whole story, any jokes or bits were most likely thought in the moment by the writers actors and artist, basically if it made them laugh it was going in the movie. Kronk wasn’t even a planned character, they just loved the idea of him so much they tossed him in
Note: there was no script for this movie. The first script was written two weeks AFTER the movie came out!!   Instead of a good script, I’d say David Spade & the rest of the crew needed collaboration & freedom to succeed like this
_David Spade can deliver on a sharply written script_  The irony, is this movie largely didn't have a script >.>
Pacha's facial expressions are legendary. So much character in itself, no voice needed.
I have a (former) friend that has spent years in therapy to learn to love herself. And now has started cheating on her husband, and attempted to move in on my partner and has little to no remorse because she's choosing to "love herself". This is fascinatingly enlightening.
Ive seen so many videos but this is the one channel that i see watch the old disney and pixar and fundementally talk about the deep seeded trauma and sadness behind such scenes i hadnt noticed before, its just so good it makes me think about a movie and its always ends in my mind with "Oh yeah, its all coming together"      or "Three oinker wearing pants, plate of hot air, basket of grandmas breakfest, and change the bull to a gill *GOT IT* "
6:34 revealed back in its infancy, there is no script. This is all Genuine David Spade Comedy
I've always loved this one, despite not caring much for animated movies. I quote it often like "No touchie! No touchie. Nooo touch."  and "BOOM, baby!"  but my favorite line that I repeat sometimes is "I'd turn him into a flea...a defenseless little flea. And then I'd put that flea in a box and I'd put that box in another box and then I'd mail it to myself and when it arrives...A-HAHAHAAAA I'll smash it with a hammer!"
An interesting thing I learned recently watching some behind the scenes stuff about this movie is that it never actually even had a full script. A lot of it was just them telling the actors the kind of story they were going for and writing down a few pages of skit ideas and telling them to have at it.
Cuzco is ADHD embodied into a cartoon Llama.   Clearly bright and creative. Goal oriented. But also impulsive and prone to catastrophizing.
What about an episode on Kronk and people pleasing? (also an excuse to talk about how AWESOME he is as a character)
@6:30 so uhhh fun fact there was no script this was all just them being funny.
fun fact: this movie didn't have a script when being made
I was watching the comment about David Spade needing the right script and it reminded me that this movie had no script xD
According to the fan poll apparently Yzma just makes for a really great villain! Even though she doesn’t care about the well being of others either, maybe part of the absurdist humor is that she is just as bad but this is Disney trying to make a rootable villain with likable qualities while still being early 2000’s about it and in this essay I will…  (I tried a villain persona please do not kill people I am very dry.)
6:24 Funny thing is this movie Had No Script until 2 weeks after the film released.
“The thief’s biggest fear is being robbed” — now some folks can grow up with people around them living like that, and literally every bit of society around them got interpreted through the lens of that thief, and escaping that is a miraculous series of fortunate encounters with great people and some bold steps
4:51 the Classic meme
I don't quote the movie on a regular basis, but I do have a GIF of Kronk saying, "Well, ya got me. By all accounts, it doesn't make sense." I love getting an excuse to use that GIF in comment threads and elsewhere online. I'm also a fan of, "Why do we even HAVE that lever?"
"ability to deliver on a well written script"  Oh boy. Yeah, there was practically no script for this movie.
On David Spade being a great comedian, i loved him in Rules of Engagement. Him there and as Kuzco are up in the ranks of "smarmy, arrogant, unbelievably irritating jerks that make you want to watch more of them" along with Neil Patrick Harris as Barney Stinson in HIMYM, and RDJ as Tony Stark for a good chunk of the MCU
Fun fact about this movie though, it was almost completely improvised and assembled afterwards.
I need an episode about Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz ngl
Hello, I don't know if you know Bojack Horseman, but you guys should TOTALLY do reviews about the characters especially Bojack.  Guys, these characters are much more deeper than everything I watched since anime or other toons, is like is unbelievable 🎉  And prepare to cry a lot 😢
Thank you so much, guys. You know, I have a Kusko in my life. Someone who hurt me a lot, and I stopped believing they could change, so I set rigid boundaries. Was hard, was painful, but eventually they set down with me and apologized. Sure, they DEMANDED me to forgive them, as a narcissist does, but the scary thing is that... They sought out help, and a proper therapist, and worked out through their traumas, and has been 2 years since I haven't cried in my sleep because of them. And that is scary, cause most of my life I believed they would change and they always went back to abusive, but now is... Sticking. I keep the boundaries, I still don't trust them (what they HATE), and I still see massive traits staying like lack of accountability for things in the past. But welp, I am proud of them for trying. Things are way healthier now, like... WAY healthier to the point our relationship is good. But if they proof that they didn't change, welp, that's on them. Not my problem. But would be nice if we saw more Kuskos out there.
This finally explains to me why my husband's Grandpa was able to stop being such a narcissist and allow his children (my mother in law and her siblings) to live autonomous lives, while his biological Grandma is still a narcissist that we all have to have really firm boundaries with, even though life beat her up just as much (if not more) than Grandpa.
For this movie they actually did most of the movie with Spade and Goodman together and Kitt and Warburton together because the chemistry was just too good.
Fun fact: There was no script for the Emperors new Groove, What happened was all of the VA's got together and came up with ideas that they liked. Then they improved their way to the final cut. After that the movie was animated.
Fun little tidbit, this movie had no script. If it seemed like a good idea they went ahead and added it.
Kuzcos movements even before his transformation was like a llama. From the head shake after telling Pacha about his summer home plans, or the spitting in the begging montage where he misses the spit bowl. Love the little details
A lot of people don't know that Tom Jones wasn't supposed to do the music for the film. All the music was supposed to be composed and sung by Sting, but with the frequent rewrites and the shift away from culturally focused film Sting opted to not do the music as he became attached to the research and work he had prepared for the film prior to its major changes.
I never noticed this detail when Kuzco calls for the chef because it's so quick. A large 3-tiered table banquet is rolled over BY the head chef and his assistants are all carrying the higher tiers. So from top to bottom its a small table of food carried by 2 assistants, all on top of a medium table full of food carried by 2 more assistants with 1 of these assistants not even using their hands (only their back) because he is still cooking a rotisserie chicken on a large table full of food on four teeny-tiny wheels for the head chef to push/haul. That's cruel, they should have whacked Kuzco long before Yzma.
You yould analyze Yzma and Kronk's relationship as well!
Fun fact: Emperor's New Groove only had a script several weeks *after* it went to theaters. They just had fun making it and whatever made them laugh was put in!
Fun fact, there was actually no script for this movie, only outlines, storyboards, and notes
6:09 fun fact: this is just David Spade. this movie was put on such a time crunch (about a year and a half) that the team totally brushed over writing a script. the first time a physical script for The Emperor's New Groove was made was two weeks after the movie was shown in theaters because Disney records archive demanded it. truly incredible.
Something that never gets talked about is the fact is has no script. Literally. The script was made two weeks AFTER it was already in cinemas (and that’s because archives wanted one). They did story boarding, and then pitched fun joke ideas to each other between the cast and the animators. It’s why it ended up being so funny: because everyone was working together, and the animation team was working with them, not just solo, and the actors weren’t working solo.  It was a group effort.
The best line from the movie: "Pull the lever, Kronk!....Wrong lever!"
Fun fact, there wasn't much of a script for this movie at all.
Best part of this movie is that it never really had an official script. When someone from archives came down to get a copy of the script, they were informed that there really wasn't one and that they needed time to put one together for the archives.
I think this is one of the firsts cinema theraphy's videos where Alan and I didnt cry 😂
This is such a great movie, one of my absolute favorites. It's even better when you realize that this movie had no script actually (I only found that out yesterday), and yet it still holds up so well even today.
26:20 I also think this is a healthy version of the classic tsundere type. What they say basically describes it to a T.
John when you do your gruff voice you sound just like H. Jon Benjamin! (voice actor for Archer and Bob from Bob's Burgers)
Fight the ego and tame it (but never let someone else’s ego harm yours)
Thanks for sharing the analysis of the movie and for the subs.
0:30 When you're on the top of a rollercoaster 🎢
It may not work ALL THE TIME, but Pacha made a clear point about making a deal, and using a handshake at 13:37
3:48 I panik thinking a pixel of my screen just die
Is it just me, or is Kuzco not listening to Pacha because he thinks that Yzma is his friend is analogous to Caesar not listening to to his wife Calphurnia's warning that Brutus was going to assassinate him because Caesar thought he was his friend? Was Calpurnia and Cleopatra one in the same? Caesar had a romantic and sexual relationship with both, and they were both the same age.
4:51 Look guys look, I found the meme
How am I just now subscribing to your channel? I watch it all the time!  😅
David Spade was great in Just Shoot Me.
Despite the claims, I'm not so sure Alan is in need of therapy. He seems pretty healthy to me 😊
I love this movie, its so underrated!
It makes so much sense Disney has decades of experience divulging into narcissism
6:20 There was no script for the movie according to most sources, sorry 😅
This is my all time favorite animated movie!
you guys should do phycology of a Himbo and focus on Kronk.
at 17 Kuzco runs an empire way advanced its years on the primary source of lama herding thats why no one else in the kingdom would ever revolt  they got shopping malls, electricity, water slides, mail service, wireless microphones Kuzco puts all the Disney Princesses to shame when it comes to running a kingdom
Kuzco telling off the narrator/himself; both a great way to cap off that running gag, and shows he's grown enough so that even he is fed up with his selfishness from the start of the story.
that red pixel scared the shit out of me, then I realised it was probably the camera, my condolences, I hope the pixel undies
It has a grate message to it.
The show The Emperor’s new school said his Dad died when he was little (lost at sea, not poisoned by Yzma.) So, that most likelyis the source of his Narcissistic Personality Disorder, spoiled by servants and a lack of disciplining parents. Speaking of which, what happened to his mom?
Can you really say Kuzco had a personality disorder when he completely changed within just a few days? Asking as someone with a personality disorder lol. Been working hard every day for the last couple of decades just to keep mine in check, "curing" it is a pipe dream for me. I feel like Kuzco was a genuinely good kid at heart who was raised very very poorly to believe he was basically god and the only thing that mattered. Patcha was the epitome of the perfect dad figure lol. He was the perfect person to show Kuzco that being compassionate is... Well. An option lol. He can feel just as good by doing things that benefit someone that's not himself. Cuz he really took all this on pretty dang fast lol. Y'all said small kids are all narcissists essentially lol, well, Kuzco was a kid. Patcha helped him onto a better path to becoming a man. Idk. Maybe he was a narcissist, but he seemed to have willingly changed way too quickly for NPD.
It still comes as a shock to me that Emperor's New Groove is this good. It was once an epic musical, was then forcibly rushed due to a happy meal deal, split into two movies being developed as one movie, completely reworked what basically was a completed film, nearly ruined its message, and in the end, they didn't even have a complete script (they compiled everything they could when asked for one). And yet, by some miracle, it's genuinely Disney's best experimental era film.
You also have to keep in mind that Kuzco is just 17 and a lot of teenagers are cocky and self centered
You made my day, I LOVE THIS MOVIE 🎉
The part you mentioned about depression and that short laugh at a joke, that ability to feel happiness. I gotta explain how that reminded me of something I find incredibly frustrating.  What is it with people and _romanticizing_ depression? Not you, I mean other people. Like they'll have that laugh, they'll find something that makes them smile, but then immediately drop it and tell me that's not the same thing as happiness because it's temporary. That pisses me off so much and it's hard to address without coming off as disrespectful.  It's as if they choose to be miserable instead, because they know in that misery, they get sympathy and attention from others. And when I highlight that fact, it sounds damn well like I'm being prejudiced against people suffering from mental illness. But that just isn't the case. I've suffered through depression in my lifetime. I also know what it's like to enjoy sapping sympathy out of people until they get sick of you. There's a huge difference. Hey, you wanna feel real depression? Take advantage of people's kindness until they all walk away. Once you're alone you'll understand what misery _truly_ feels like. That's the point when you actually don't laugh or smile anymore. The only thing that escapes that potentially fatal spiral is when you realize that nothing lasts forever, and that includes your misery. You screwed up, learn from it, and then you can stop being such a garbage person for the people who come into your life next.  Happiness is temporary, but then, so is misery. If you're hung up on how temporary your happiness is, then misery is what you'll focus on. It's your choice to do this. "oh but I have a chemical imbalance in my brain--" sssshhh shh shh shh shhh... If you've been diagnosed by an actual doctor, then I'm not talking about you, because that's a situation where medication actually helps a lot. But the medication only helps. It doesn't _cure_ your misery. You still need to work through it yourself as well.  It's not okay to be depressed. Every time I see terminally online people acting like their depression is this poetic thing, how hopeless the world is, how you should reject any attempt to help because "they don't understand" and how "they aren't being respectful of your depression"--seriously, it's getting people killed. I'm not saying mock and ridicule people who are depressed, that's obviously not respectful, but trying to help is attacked by _large groups of people_ as if you said something as abhorrent as a racial slur. What the hell happened to people? It only started getting like this in the early 2010s or so. Sure before that we had emos and goth kids but not like we have today.
Can you guys do Alexander and the No Good Terrible Horrible Very Bad Day?? That movie helped me with my depression so much
Would Kuzko talking to himself tell himself to knock it off also be a sign of Psychosis?
I love it when narcissists are charismatically funny that you want to watch more of  them
as a diagnosed narcissist gonna weigh in early on the question of whether we can change and yes it is possible to learn empathy and sympathy. you have to start by learning to admit fault even if you don't really mean it the first few times eventually your brain realizes it's not the death you thought it would be and you can start actually seeing fault. also narcissism can help defeat itself because parthinax is pretty cool.
Kronk is the best character ever written by Disney, he is simple but amazing and hilarious
"pull the lever, Kronk" has absolutely been a phrase that has made it in my everyday life
My mom has a friend who is narcissistic bc her family was a toxic mess who like to use anything and anyone to get what they want. This person has on a number of occasions asked my mom to do things that she physically can't. When my mom says no she acts like a child and tries to gaslight and guilt my mom into doing it. It's videos like this I want to send to her and b like 'this is what ur doing to my mom, idk if ur aware of it or not but clearly this isn't ok'
6:44 No this is so true. I love Kuzco. He's a total prick and a total narcissist but he's such a joy to watch
Only after watching this video did I realize David Spade voiced Kuzco. I had a similar experience when I learned that Danny Devitto played Matilda's dad. I know both of their voices well as an adult and its crazy to think how long it took to put the pieces together.
As someone with a narcissitic mom. She wont change and realizing that and trying to put up boundaries is SO HARD
My cousin’s ex husband is a huuuuuuge Narcissist. We all hate him and we’ve given him time and time again to change but he just won’t. He got remarried to a woman THE EXACT SAME NAME as my cousin who was in the SAME EXACT SITUATION my cousin was in when he first dated her……it’s insane. They are ALSO getting a divorce……yeah yeah he’s weird. So yeah. Narcissists suck
David Spade is still my favorite Sparx.
8:24 imminent domain, anyone?
"The Disney lab, where they make films out of chemicals" is a true statement
I can't afford real therapy, so you have no idea how much I appreciate you giving it out for free like this.
Is that… Stacey Harkey from the OG Studioo C and JK Studios cast standing next to Alan in the Patreon sponsorship cut?!
What is the difference between someone who is a full on narcissist and somone who seems to have feeling but has narcissist characteristics thry show you ? Or are those emotions are misplaced. They show empathy but they feel thry got their way.
The voice casting 🔥🔥🔥🔥
the history of the making of this movie is hilarious because apparently it was supposed to be a very serious film about an emperor but they just couldn't figure out how to make it interesting so they kind of gave up, threw everything at the wall and expected it to flop. but it quickly became one of the most beloved disney films of all time.
I actually just had a realization about the rain scene where Kuzco is talking to his own voiceover.  It sounds to me like it's not just him talking to himself, but it's his current self talking to his former self.  The voiceover is still narcissistic and believes that he's a victim, while his current self is struggling to deal with the anger and guilt that he feels realizing that he brought all this onto himself.
This is something my family quotes literally all the time: "I'll turn him into a flea, a harmless little flea. And then. I'll put that flea in a box, then I'll put that box in another box, and then I'll mail that box to myself, and when it arrives, AHAHAHA!! I'LL SMASH IT WITH A HAMMER!!!!"
Do you think people with narcissistic personality disorder  Have some degree of empathy.   And loyalty? And would you say he was a vulnerable narcissist Or a grandiose narcissist ?
One of my fave Disney films, alongside Goofy Movie and Beauty and the Beast.
You guys should do Dickey Roberts speaking of David Spade that would be cool lots of stuff going on in that movie
Way, way, waaay, too many advert breaks. Stopped watching video.
Really spot on Kronk impressions
My mom LOVED this movie when we were kids and always rented it for us and now I know why 😂
kronks new groove should be next
I needed therapy and refused to get it and it wasn’t until my family saw me break down completely I had a voice in my head telling me that I was a horrible person and it took my brother telling me that it wasn’t normal for me to get help
Sting didn’t make them change the ending he just encourage them because he thought it went against the principal/moral they were trying to teach.  And the heads of animation and a few other people agreed with him! So🤷‍♂️
I wish they showed kusco's parents.
This movie is WAAAAAAAY better in latin spanish. I know I’m a little biased, but honestly speaking, there’s just another movie in that language
The Emperor's New Groove is like if Wakana Gojo and Satoru Gojo were in a buddy film. (Please fanfic writers that would be hilarious)
John & Alan: *occasionally quote this movie*  My Neurodivergent Ass: *quotes this movie verbatim*
You guys have no ideia how the brazillian dubbing made this movie even better
I think when Kuzco shakes Pacha’s hand at first, he is manipulating him. But from there on out, he gradually starts to change, because he sees how Pacha treats him and forgives him once he thinks Kuzco has moved on from the summer home. It’s a gradual change that he doesn’t admit to until he loses Pacha’s friendship, but once he realizes how much he cares about Pacha, he realizes that he doesn’t want to hurt him by building his summer home there. Subconsciously I think he already made that choice, but didn’t acknowledge it til later.
Calling Kuzkco a Narcissist is like calling Anakin a genocidal maniac. They are both teenagers who have been raised being told either the world revolves around them, or they are meant to save the universe. How are they supposed to be normal teenagers?
Sting pulled out of this movie as much as he could and the final straw for him was the environmentalism stand because instead of not building his summer home Emperor moves it to an empty Hill but sting owns a mansion in England and a villa in Tuscany that his own since the 90s we don't need your hypocrite music no matter how good it probably would have been
I have a Villian Therapy recomendation Yzma
My father was a narcissist. He divorced my mother when I was young middle school age and then he got with another girl quite soon after I resented him for years now I have the best relationship I could’ve ever imagined with my father because of this woman she has changed his entire view on the world and his entire mindset, he changed for her and I could not think her enough she is his rock, and made him into a better father that I could ever ask for
Theres a black American guy (no shade to the black community) who has npd who posts a lot who is trying therapy but i never remember his name. It is enlightening .
i think everyone that watched this implemented a quote into their daily lives
22:09 wait then is a lover most afraid of being loved? like maybe in a self defeatist way?
back handed compliments are amazing it feels good to be praised in an insulting voice cause it's funny
19:10
Your Yzma impersonation sounds kind of like Dr. Doofenshmirtz
Please watch Tommy Boy one day!!!
LOVE this movie🥰 Kronk is the absolute best 🤌🏻 so sad it is mostly forgotten😢 the timing in the punchlines is unmatched❤
Great video, I was thinking of next you could review the movie at eternity’s gate of the life of artist Vincent Van Gogh and explain van Goghs mental condition.
Great video, I was thinking of next you could review the movie at eternity’s gate of the life of artist Vincent van Gogh and maybe have some insight and explain van Goghs mental condition.
I know your son the youngest one
The "Oh, she knits?"- "Crochets!" line gets me every time. As someone who crochets and knits, people who don't craft in that way use the words interchangeably, and they're just not the same thing, lol
Holy shit I just found out Kuzco is David Spade.
I think millennials/gen z as a whole has NPD. I see Kuzcos everywhere.
I always get so upset seeing people who latch onto their negativity so hard that they can't escape from believing something like, "Everything in life is so bad!" When logically speaking that's pretty close to impossible, and hearing that there's a type of therapy to help people with that kind of thinking by showing them those small moments where that thing they're feeling isn't the case to help them understand the concept makes me happy.
While Cuzco may be showing attributes of NPD such as believing himself to be special compared to others, he also _is_ the Emperor and this actually _is_ special. I don't know if there's a clinical distinction between a narcissist and a narcissist who is also right 😂
The fact that I relate to Kuzco concerns me at this point
I know this is supposed to be focused on Kuzco for the point of the video....... But you cannot say Ertha Kitt was not an absolutely phenomenal villain with Yzma.
I would love to see your reactions to the spanish latin american dubbing of this movie, I swear, even if you don't understand the lines, the dubbing actors deliver in such a hilarious way, it's just a piece of art!!
I never realized until now, but john has got some GUNZ!
It was also good that it was Pacha that stood up to Kuzco and set boundaries. Pacha had already displayed real kindness and humanity in the face of Kuzco's cruelty so it's more impactful because he is clearly a good man. When a good person like that washes their hands of you I'm sure it would be enough to make anyone stop and think... especially after everything you've watched them continue to go through but still display decency.
So many quotes, are used in regular rotation, room this movie.
The greatest thing of this movie is that most of it was improvised. In fact, they barely had any script bc of all the issues the movie had before recording and once they released the movie they had to type a script for Disneys archives
"Can I tell you a secret?" "No." "Okay, here goes: You guys are my favorite YouTube channel. There...I said it."
I used to have a lot of narcissistic behaviors, and codependency behaviors on top of that and entwined together. It took life-threatening depression and emotional distress and trauma to push me to change.
I love that my cousin and I aren't the only ones that regularly quote this movie as a response to everyday situations 😂
That thing you said about hitting rock bottom being necessary for change in some cases is one of my explanations for why God sometimes allows bad things to happen to us.
Fun fact: In a Disney film named "Saludos Amigos" when they were collecting references to South American heritage, llamas were depicted as haughty and patronizing. Adding to Kusczo's flaw.
The closed captions at 10:45... Omg, thank you for that.
This was one of my favorite movies as a kid
4:51 uno de los memes más icónicos que Disney nos a regalado
Do you guys have an examination of Yzma and Kronk? Those two make sense in so many ways but Kronk is seemingly impervious to Yzmas abuse and has a whole lot of self confidence as his interests and integrity surfaces. Like yeah he has a few angel vs demon scenes but he isn't bogged down by other people's input it seems like a true examination of his principles. When it comes to other questionable situations it seems more like he is oblivious to the nuanced rights and wrongs rather than being a bad person (he is a very bad bad guy).
From the Wikipedia page on "The Emperor's New Groove":  **Towards the end of production, the film's ending originally had Kuzco building his Kuzcotopia amusement park on another hill by destroying a rainforest near Pacha's home and inviting the former and his family to visit. Horrified at the ending, Sting commented "I wrote them a letter and said, 'You do this, I'm resigning because this is exactly the opposite of what I stand for. I've spent 20 years trying to defend the rights of indigenous people and you're just marching over them to build a theme park. I will not be party to this.'"**  Sting demonstrated both empathy and integrity. Therefore, he is not a narcissist.
I have to push back on laughing while depressed. I laughed a lot at funniness, but it was a very superficial happiness and almost reflexive. My body was still doing it's thing but I never felt true happiness in those moments.
Thanks for doing laammaa faace! Love this movie! The goddess of Eartha Kitt as the best Villan to love. He ain't getting any deader. Catwoman aged puuurrrfectly.
Wait how did sting change the ending?
Love this movie soo much thank you great job
The making of this movie is fascinating. The studio went through a lot of issues during this production, it's a miracle it got finished. It's a fun disney movie
Oh my gosh, 18 minutes of gaslighting and now 30 of Narcissism... I love you guys.  (And think I have bromance envy).  I spent a whole hour of my workday (between sessions in off-time of course)... my real envy is in what you guys are doing.  Cool!  (Okay, back to formulating case-notes... Ugh...)  Just wanted to share something I particularly found amazing: the therapist talking about the details of narcissistic rock bottom at the bottom of the scene with the music of the storm in the back ground--that was great cinematography and therapy at the same time! Genius!  Bonus when the director starts sharing about Addiction in the midst of a NarcissismPD discussion (I'm an SUDC too, and that is a common point of confusion for a lot of people--ie: they are not the same.)  You guys are awesome. I forgot to hit subscribe before... Done! You're on my saved resources list as well! Thanks for your great work!
"Because I'm an addict who's a narcissist"    "I don't think you're a narcissist" 😂
I just want to voice some appreciation for whoever writes the CC, and for them actually typing out Kuzco's mocking voice in the subtitles.
Great video on one of my favorite movies dudes. One very minor thing is that I'd be careful about moments like 24:10.
This is my boyfriend's favorite movie and as much as I like the movie, it has the same problem that the first you story does. The man character is such an insufferable jerk for so much of the movie. I understand why it just makes it hard to sympathize with him for most of the movie
Im Peruvian and this was a love letter for us it had so many iconic moments and its one of the films that does not depict us as savages or impoverished but sees our nature and high points of history while adding a heartfelt message. It brings tears of joy especially after the things we as a people have been through as of late.
comment for the algorithm
Emperor's New Groove is my favorite Disney animated film of all time. It was unlike anything they've made before or since.
Psych2go just serves the facts up plain and simple (sure with cutesy animation here and there) but cinema therapy is more engaging and fun to watch. Love your vids, you guys are so insightful and hilarious 😄
I love this movie to death for being really the only outright comedy film in Disney's lineup. It has such a distinct energy and tone from their usual business, and god its funny
21:57-22:27 this sums up Kuzco's reaction perfectly. He's so convinced that Pacha was selfish, because he is selfish. He embodies the trope of Evil Cannot Comprehend Good (or perhaps, more accurately, Jerk Cannot Comprehend Nice Guy) through much of the film. He can't understand why he should care about others, because it doesn't get him what he wants. He also can't understand why Pacha cares about others and thinks Pacha only cares about himself.
Suggestion for a villain therapy video: HOOK!  HOOK!  GIVE US THE HOOK!  HOOK!  HOOK!  GIVE US THE HOOK!
Okay, I'm Norwegian and grew up with the dubbed version of this movie. I just HAVE to say... I am so SAD that you won't get to enjoy it in Norwegian! Because compared to the Norwegian voice actors, the original ones are so flat and tame I'm almost crying 😂 That's not to say the original isn't good! But the Norwegian is just... sooo much better 😅 This coming from one who almost always prefer English over Norwegian, mind you. I generally detest dubs, but in this one case (and also for some of the other older Disney classics) I'm 100 % team Norwegian ✨👏
Regarding what he said to Pacha at the end, Kuzco also made a genuine apology to the Old Man he threw out at the beginning (fun fact: the guy that got thrown out was the original voice of Piglet). Great unsung thing about Kuzcotopia: Pacha mentions that his village grows most of the grain the palace is using. In destroying Pacha's village, Kuzco is foolishly cutting off his own food supply to feed his ego instead. It's a great early indication of how self-destructive Kuzco's behavior is. And yes, it's true that Sting forced Disney to change the ending. In the original ending, Kuzco would end up destroying a rainforest to build his summer house, which he didn't like because of his activism for fighting for the indigenous of the Amazon. He saw it as "you’re just marching over them to build a theme park".   I always saw a different angle in that Kuzco had no family. In all the images of his youth, no family at all is shown. It was always servants, there was no warmth or connections there, no one to teach him anything other than 'you are the ruler, you have all the power, what you say goes no matter what' and Pacha is the father figure that turns him this all-powerful ruler into an actual mature human being over time. the end scenes of him with Pacha and his family swimming it just feels so much like an adopted child who has finally been made to realize his adopted parents do love him and do care about what type of person he is that is the real telling point.
the humor in this movie was so freaking amazing and i have never seen anything like it ever again .
For people will be lovers of self, lovers of money, proud, arrogant, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy,” - 2 Timothy 3:1-2
PULL THE LEVER, KRONK!
So is David Spade the American made Huge Grant?
this was such an insightful episode! you know, with the rise of mental health awareness on the internet, i do see some things that people say that makes me a bit confused.  i have a question, i'm not sure if you guys will read this comment or answer it, but i'll ask anyway. is there a difference between a narcissist and a person with NPD? because the way i saw it all this time, “narcissist” was just a word used to describe someone who is self-centered, not necessarily a diagnosis.  but i see a lot of people on the internet getting mad at others for casually using the word “narcissist” because they feel like it's problematic to describe someone without NPD as a narcissist. are these two terms really the same thing or is the word “narcissist” a non-medical term that can be used for anyone who is egoistic or selfish?
this makes me wants to see an episode on Klaus
I was today years old when I learned that David Spade voiced Emperor Kuzco
I have to say that this is the only cartoon (movies too) that I find way more hilarious in Russian dub. I usually watch everything super comfortably in English but this one translation was just so so brilliant.
I wonder if you could see this kind of narcissism as a form of trauma. Even though I would assume his upbringing wasn't unpleasant to him, it's still a case of someone being taught extremely scewed lessons about himself and others that are comically maladaptive in any setting other than being the literal emperor. It also makes me wonder about what happens when someone receives very openly conditional love while also effortlessly fulfilling those conditions.   Kuzco learned that he alone is deserving of love and admiration because he is emperor and at the start of the story he doesn't seem at all concerned he might ever not be emperor, but I still wonder if it affected him then and it obviously does affect him when he turns into a lama.  Obviously most people aren't divinely appointed rulers, but less extreme things probably do happen a lot, like a gifted child receiving conditional love based on their intelligence, or a young person being conditionally loved for their beauty or athetic abilities, etc. Or even like bigots who believe they are better than others because of their race or gender etc.
I love this movie so much. Kuzco's character arc is INCREDIBLE, going from a self-obsessed emperor who grew up in the deceitful palace-political world to a kinder, clearer, actual person. I love it.
Day 1 of suggesting Snow from the Hunger Games for Villain Therapy
23:16 Usually.  Too many people won't let me just live alone in the woods.
Can you please analyze The Nightmare Before Christmas?
I love Kuzco so much 😂
It's funny you're talking about a good script for David Spade, But there was no script here. This was 100% raw Spade talent.
Emperor's New groove is one of my favorite Disney movies. It is still as funny as when i first saw it as a kid
damn those chairs are loud
1:30 "I did everything right and they indicted meeeee." vibes
I will say, if any Latin Americans are watching this, the Spanish dubbed version is just so good, too. When they are about to fall into the waterfall, instead of "Bring it on", Kuzco says "Va a doler" (it's gonna hurt) which is so funny to me.
Being an engineer, am I deeply afraid to be engineered? 😂 (Maybe truely understood tho)
Also as far as addicts and NPD go, you have to remove the addiction to truly diagnose NPD bc yeah an addict does act like a narcissist. I also love the comment that reminds us all that Kuzko is in fact 17/18 for the duration of the movie and it just makes so much sense
I think it's in the sequel, but I love how the old guy that throws off Kuzko's groove just likes being thrown from the palace because he finds it exhilarating and fun.
22:13 we have a nice saying about that in German: Was ich denk und tu trau ich jedem andern zu Roughly translated to "what i think and do i expect everyone to do"
"A person fighting their own conscience." YES. I love the 'conman who becomes emotionally invested'. It's always so narratively satisfying.
"The Disney Lab blew up?"   I mean, if you watch the sweatbox, it kinda did.
10:44 - Everyone needs to watch these videos with CC on, cause whoever does them is hilarious. "Kuzco: BeCaUsE uNlEsS yOu ChAnGe YoOr mInD, I'm NoT tAkinG yOu bAcK." 🏆
Please please please do Yzma and Kronk lol
This was the first animation film with a pregnant woman
Still amazing funny classic movie of my childhood , still self love man is nice but gets to call out how ego truly is too much
Kronk was robbed of screentime in this analysis
Pacha is a nice man just to be nice . Really just trying to teach those around him how to be like that.
He is not a narcissist because he was able to change and a HUGE change at the end. He had empathy though he had to learn it. Narcissists are incapable due to the lack of it being provided for them as children. Kuzco has narcissistic TRAITS and BEHAVIORS which are easier to change. He himself is selfish but not narcissistic.
Omg, Jon needs to NOT do the Patrick Warburton voice for my sake, please! I have the biggest attraction to PW and healthy guys like Jon, which is a dangerous combination, sir!
I have loved you guys for what you do! I have been in therapy myself since 2017 and it has worked wonders for me; finally piecing together what was really happening all throughout my life objectively and having all those mysteries put into their proper context.  I have a request for you to do: the movie Dune (the recent one) and have a look at parenting by Duke Leto Atredies, even though he's not in the whole movie, or a look at his son, Paul, who becomes the Duke after his father dies.
Emperor's New Groove is definitely underrated, a lot of people dont even know about it, its been my favourite Disney movie since it came out
Also, seventeen is still a child. At seventeen, the brain is still indeed developing; the brain doesn't fully develop until age twenty-five. Of course, it's obnoxious and annoying. Eventually, any normal person would grow out of it and remember, "What the hell were you doing at seventeen?"
You’re right about David Spade wanting to make you watch more of a really despicable character. Another actor who pulls this off brilliantly is Larry Linville, who plays Frank Burns on the TV series. M*A*S*H.
thank you for this video, i have found out what echoism is (because you described Kuzco and i realized that i'm the opposite of that) and now i'm crying about how accurate it is to me. i don't know whether to thank you for acting as a catalyst for my realization or what
"Disney lab where they make films out of chemicals" blew up feels like a sequel to who framed Roger rabbit that I am interested in watching
When Kuzko almost leaves Pacha the thing to remember is kuzco is still thinking the person who lama-afied him most likely was Pacha. He doesn't know it was Ezma yet nor dose know know that everyone who he thought needed him at the the palace, doesn't.
1:10 I mean, on some level that's true. Films were made out of chemicals.
I believe both my parents have NPD, and because of this, because I stood up for myself to how they treated me, we have no contact. And I have been doubting if this was the right decision on my part ever since, and these thoughts and memories of when they were actually decent parents keeps popping into my head. But Jonah saying that you have to set healthy boundaries with narcissists and then leave the ball in their court has truly given me some peace.
20:45 A *momentary* bit of amusement isn't the same thing as actually being happy in general. That's not "happiness" in the sense of not being as depressed. It's the same reason why depressed people often like watching movies. Because the movie distracts them from feeling depressed. They can laugh and momentarily feel happy when the "good guys" are happy. It's nothing more than escapism, and that's the same as when a person laughs at a joke. The fact that you, as a therapist, are trying to "gotcha" people into feeling like laughing for even a moment somehow means they're not quite as depressed is disgusting. This is totally different from Kuzco's situation. He thought he was totally selfish. That he'd never do anything selfless for anyone. Thus even a single selfless act disproves what he thought about himself.
Totally unrelated to anything in the content of the video, but Johnathan had a red speck over his left shoulder that was freaking me out, making me think I had a dead pixel on my monitor...  Luckily, scrolling down a bit and seeing the speck stay in the same spot in the shot alleviated that.
Are there any movies where the central character blames themselves for everything bad that happens and can’t acknowledge when they’ve had a hand in anything good that has happened?
I would love to see a video all on Kronk, the himboest himbo ever to himbo ❤
This movie was nothing short of amazing. The dynamic between the characters and Kuzcos character development was genius.
Please do Tarzan!
It's always easier to get a Narcissist to change if he's been changed into a talking herd beast, first.
One thing about Disney, they’ll take a fairy tale and redo it in a fun way.
Those were good impressions at the end. I like the Ezma voice
4:51 classic meme
One thing I'd like to hear the director talk about is how Patrick Warburton keeps getting voice acting roles. The dude only has one voice.
Side note:  I know ya'll do it as a joke when you state your favorite lines from the movie, but it made me realize, you both have excellent voices for voice acting!
Funniest Disney cartoon for me. Love it.
my favorite disney movie! yess!!
We watched this movie every week when the kids were young - they're now 22 & 24 - and more lines from this movie have made their way into our family vernacular than any other movie.... "everyone else gets it..."; "uh-huh....uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh!!!"😁😁😁
As a psychologist, I regularly say “no touchy” as both a boundaries example (with trainees) and as consent example (with clients). You said “there is no growth without humility” and I say “people do not change until discomfort is high enough” and in NPD the ego tends to shield or deflects the “maybe it’s me” of discomfort and so the motive to change is rarely there.
"there is no growth without humility" reminds me of the dunning-Kruger effect with "the pit of despair" followed by "slope of enlightenment". coincidence? I think not!
OK, that Yzma impression went a little Dr Doofenshmirtz
.....why youtube why? the hell are you advertising a sextoy on a Family Friendly Movie discussion...
Nice
One of my fave animated movies, loved this!! Also please therapize Yzma and Kronk?!  * begs in Disney helps my CPTSD* .  Much love, Anna
do the movie amelie!!
My mom almost certainly has NPD. The cruel irony with her is that I know she'll never go to therapy to address it because she never admits fault for even the worst things she does. I've been estranged from her for about a year and a half because I'd had enough of her crossing every boundary I set. It hurts and I still love my mom and wish her well. I'm glad that Jono and Alan acknowledge that not all narcissists are lost causes but also stress that their loved ones don't have to compromise their well-being while waiting for change that may not happen.
🎉 Please give Ysma some Villian Therapy because she's one of my favorites.
this is one of my top ten fav cartoon movies so well done!  really liked this episdode, keep up the good work!
The squeaking outro 😂
Last year, after nearly 20 years of friendship, dating back to when we were children, I had to cut out my toxic narcissistic best friend.  He had been diagnosed with NPD, and reading the DSM 5, every single sentence and criterion directly described my friend to the letter; it was a little disturbing, in fact.  There was a time when I loved him and truly thought of him as my brother. But I had to finally come to terms with the fact that he wasn't improving, but was only getting worse. I tried talking him into getting a therapist, we spent long hours--far too many--talking first about his behavior, how it was upsetting, and what changes we needed. He would either directly lie to you about it, or he would manipulate and gaslight me so hard that by the end of the conversation I would have apologized to him and left feeling like I was the one who had done something wrong, even when neither of us had done anything wrong to begin with.  After countless opportunities and multiple people in his life trying to help him, he openly and actively chose NOT to change. It was hard to accept, but it would have been even more difficult to continue to allow him to traumatize me and my wife and our newborn child.  Still trying to figure out what it is to live a life after that, but we're making it.
The making of Emperor's New Groove was a complete shit show. It's genuinely amazing that it ever even made to screen and it has no business being so good  Also, the channel It Was A Shit Show had a great episode all about it, if I remember correctly.
The Emperor's New Groove DVD was the best DVD i ever had
Who ever reads this I believe you have the potential to spread Gods word and pass the torch to someone else some day no matter what religion! God can change you in many good ways like he did me such as becoming more patient and understanding (not forcing anyone)
After reflecting back on this movie ever since this video came out, I’ve realized now what my favorite part about it is as an adult: Kuzco’s happy ending doesn’t come from how he defeats some great evil or fulfills some grand dream/destiny; it’s simply that he becomes a kinder, more well-adjusted person in his own way. His opening theme music touts how “this perfect world will spin - about his every little whim”, but in reality he’s the only one in the movie whose character really changes from the influence and actions of others. The whole movie’s known for its wall-to-wall hilarity, and for good reason, but I think this bit of character detail elevates it to be more clever and subtle than people give it credit for.  Belatedly adding to this but, to add to Alan's point in 23:45, Kuzco talking to his own voice-over isn't just seamless, it's seamless in the middle of a *dramatic* moment. The narration throughout the movie has basically been Kuzco's ego voicing itself without restraint, and for the story to progress after him realizing Yzma's true intentions, he needed to confront the part of himself that's consistently denied reality. It's all the more brilliant that Kuzco bends the film's logic (more than it already has) to make that happen.
Yeah you know as someone who experienced narcissistic abuse from my ex AND loves this movie… I was stoked to see this episode drop 🍿
Do Jude Law and RDJ's bromance in their version of Sherlock Holmes.... please.
Kuzko is the Disney animated version of today's social media influencers, TikTok creators, Instagram stars, etc. Dancing in front of a camera in private or in public and you BETTER NOT throw off their groove. "It's all about me", "Everything begins and ends with me." "If you throw off my groove, I'll have you cancelled."
I don't think he is a narc. I think he's just so full of being loved on and catered to. When he realized what he needs he realized that he was so alone. Because no man is an island
Easily the best Disney movie, and nothing even comes close.
Few days ago I suddenly remembered the first episode of Black Mirror (you know, the one with the pig, that scarred us all for life) and I am just obsessed, thinking about how the hell do you ever recover from this - and by you I mean any of the people involved, the guy himself, his wife, their relationship, any other relationship in his life. And was hoping to find some content examining this. There's nothing written or said on the internet. And then I found you! Please, please! Do the first episode of Black mirror! :))
I recommend watching Christmas on Mistletoe Farm ❤ it was hilarious  😂
Pancha's character is pretty accurate to how the people of the Inca empire were described.
I want them to dissect to the character arcs from the one piece live action...
Could you guys do Aladdin, is one of my many favorite movies out there (the animated, not the live action). If you guys did it then ignore this message. Thank you!!!!!
I miss this movie
I've been thinking all week "It's my birthday gift to me!"  but in the Latin Spanish translation, he sings "It's for my birthday! From me to me!"  and guess what! today's my birthday! 🥳
This channel has been for my ongoing emotional
I would love to see you guys tackle the "After" series by Anna Todd. Its a masterclass for abusive relationships and I would love a breakdown of the series through your lens
Good
Very nice
Chine
good
good
Dear Lord your diagnostic paradigm of NPD clearly encompasses EVERYTHING about Donald Trump!
Alan, please, could you just add something to the conversation! Videos are incredible, but there is so much more to say about the technology and filmmaking choices and everything, than just praising it! I know you have so much more to say and explain!
take on many of her character traits, but Kuzco never realizes that the traits in Yzma that bother him are traits he also possesses, nor does Yzma ever notice that she basically t
Love this analysis... Cuzco's transformation reminds me of Royal Tenenbaums, where Royal's fake terminal illness has been exposed and he is being thrown out of the house:  "Look, I know I'm going to be the bad guy on this one... but I just want to say the last six days have been the best six days of probably my whole life. (Narrator: Immediately after making this statement, Royal realized that it was true)."
This might be a hot take but Kronk’s New Groove was better
Love your guy's videos!! I would love to hear your thoughts on Nimona! If you haven't seen it it's soo good, and so much therapy to unpack lol
12:56 one: alpaca stuff? Awesome! I have a baby alpaca sweater I got in Peru, least scratchy wool in existence. Two: “she knits?” “Crochets” I am literally knitting while watching this
Writers should take notes from this film for writing unlikable characters. A lot of games and films really suffer when characters like that are executed poorly.
Please do Nimona next!
I love hearing the actors get their flowers. 😊 It really is an incredible cast!!
DO NOT POST ANY REPLY! DO NOT MENTION ANYTHING ABOUT TIMEBUCKS.
Good
nice
If Kuzco didnt hit these realizations tho past his full brain development tho, would he still have experienced change? I feel like there's a chance he wouldnt.
I wonder if being a leader, and being taught not to give every subject what they want, is a small part of the reason he only focus on his own happiness.
So amazing 😅😅😅
David Spade outhere calling the kettle a David Shovel
My older brother, Michael, is the Kuzko in my life. My family and I have endured his abuse for most of his life. It's been hard putting up barriers because of how often he ends up needing help and support, but years of helping him while getting only vitriol in return have turned us sour towards him. We will still be there for him, but we have formed barriers he cannot cross if he wishes to continue to get that help. This has been a very difficult part of my life as I hate seeing the people I love treated like shit. Thank you for all that you do. ❤
I'm not a Disney guy but I like this movie. David Spade makes you both hate his character and buy his redemption arc, the jokes are straight out of a Looney Toons short, and I like the Aztec setting. As to whether narcissists can change, they probably can, but remember that if you give shitty people too much rope, they might just use that as an opportunity to hurt you further. Just remember to set healthy boundaries and be ready to cut them loose if they show that they don't want to change.
Rewatching this film as an adult I forgot how almost tyrannical Kuzco is lol
kuzco is like... i think 18? in the film. while in the US he'd legally be an adult, he's basically a kid, especially based on the way he acts. his only parental figure was yzma, it's no wonder he turned out like he did! i doubt very seriously she actually showed him any significant affection, so really hes... never really had a family. at the end of the film he finally gets one, and he looks so much happier.
ever gonna do brother bear?
This will probably get buried in the thousands of comments but when you talk about Kuzco's non-apology at 26:58, you should hear Spade's voicemail to Todd Barry after Todd came out as gay. Exact same vibe, totally hilarious.
You're now under my command - Your screen has a orange speck on it.
The story behind the making of this movie is absolutely insane.  Apparently there was no official script until after the movie was released?  It's a great and unique movie for Disney.
Hi, Cinema Therapy. It would be really interesting to see you analyze "Ikiru" by Akira Kurosawa.
Muriels Wedding please.
The thing that me and my brother always did was, "pull the lever kronk!"
😊😊😊
👍
It amazes me how you both analyze movies with in depth emotional and personality perspectives, Jono and Alan. It adds to the lessons I've learned as a child watching these type of movies and viewing them in a mature perspective now as an adult in healthcare practice. Please do know that your knowledge on these matters, just like your incites on Inside Out, have really helped me when helping my pediatric and geriatric process their emotions more comfortably when we do our intervention sessions. KUDOS TO YOUR CHANNEL!! Been loving it for years!
Alan and Jono:  please react and ranch movies Cher has been in 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🤩🤩🤩🤩🤔🤩🤔
Actually, a weird request, but would you guys mind reviewing White Bird in a Blizzard with Eva Green,and Shailene Wooley?
Also the parallels between narcissism and addictive behavior.  I think of it as like if you have the flu. You are focused on yourself bc you feel so crappy, your illness demands all of your attention. That's how addiction can be. Of course some folks do have both and again you really can't know until the person is sober long enough and in recovery,  examining "character defects" (habits developed to support the addiction) and learning to love themselves.
Also consider this.  I have worked with narcicists and hope they change but in reality i will never really know.
To be technical in diagnosing, he is too young to be diagnosed with any personality disorder.  And he is young enough to learn and change so that does not really say anything about whether a true narcissist can change.
good
Pacha always reminded me of my dad.  Warm voice, large (at least until my highschool growth spurt), kind to everyone around him, doesn't suffer idiots, and is fully aware his family is full of terrors.
I always saw a different angle in that kuzco had no family. in all the images of his youth-no family at all is shown. it was always servants, there was no warmth or connections there, no one to teach him anything other than 'you are the ruler, you have all the power, what you say goes no matter what' and pacha is the father figure that turns him this all powerful ruler into an actual mature human being over time. the end scenes of him with pacha and his family swimming it just feels so much like an adopted child who has finally been made to realize his adopted parents do love him and do care about what type of person he is that is the real telling point.
So, Lucifer from Netflix Lucifer, narcissist or just ego?
The Emporer's New Groove is easily my fave Disney movie - largely because it only has two musical numbers (the same song, sung once in the beginning and once at the end). It was also comedy gold!
Please ! Please ! Can you make an episode about Kronk ? There's so much to say about is evolution in the movie !
He kind of comes off as a sociopath when he tells Pacha that he doesn't care where the families end up. It's a little disturbing, actually
I recently confronted a narcissistic person in my friend group and they decided that if I'm in a space, that they wont be there (cause they cant acknowledge how their actions hurt others so theyre just gonna run from them). And I'm A okay with that lol
What if your personal Kuzco is a parent? Because in that case you can't just set boundaries, not in a stable position, in some scenarios
I always interpreted a great amount of loneliness in kuzco too, like when he says "it's my bday gift to me" I always felt a bit sad for him in that moment, like he must have absolutely nobody. Like on top of the NPD, he also just doesn't have a genuine Person he can turn to or hang out with, he's only surrounded by fearful servants. So when pacha shows up and not only sees through him immediately, but also sticks with him despite everything, it gives kuzco something he's never had before, someone being Real around him without any alternate agenda, who also doesn't quit on him. To me that's what plants the first nuggets of empathetic change in kuzco.
i know you guys mostly do movies, but i'd really would like you guys do a take on Avatar the last airbender covering the characters or atleast one of them, Aang or maybe Zuko. But tbh all of them have a very interesting story dealing with their own hardships etc and it effecting their surroundings
I think this was one of the first movies that I watched that for me, had that antihero vibe lol I was like "he's so unlikeable!" and then he redeems himself in a way that you see he's still Kuzco with the big ego but a more humane version... Pacha had this dad vibe to him that who's parenting strategy is to let his kid realize for himself what is good or bad and not really get all on his face ranting how he should change... plus having those tiny signs of affection no matter what because hes a really good person... he's not "telling him" how to be a good person, he's unconsciously showing him how to with his actions.
Many years ago due to a terrible loss I got severely depressed and suicidal.  The "weird" talking between Kuzco and his own voice reminded me of that time, because I tried to give sense to what had happened to my life and so I was creating a narrative of what had happened in my head as if I was telling someone the story, but then part of me wasn't satisfied with it and I kept changing it.  I felt I could easily enter a psychosis if I wanted to, but I was scared of not being able to ever leave it again.  And I think for Kuzco what happened to him in the beginning must have felt extremely traumatic, because suddenly nothing made sense any more. So in my view his two voices interacting on a meta level is actually pretty realistic 😅
Good
Hey, definitely not on topic or anything, but I just wanna say you guys helped me actually have the courage to get help :)
Love this film. It’s also the only Disney animation that is better in my native language.
Great comedy, wonderful cast,   Tho mental health wise   I've had my life destroyed by two narrcassistic Psychopaths...they use ppl and thrive on destroying ppl...they can't change
Those biceps… Jonathan‘s decked! 💪
I like Pacha because he saw Kuzko was young and became that figure Kuzko needs and didnt cave like everyone else.
My bf named his cat kuzco...i love it :D
Nice
24:30 Same energy as "It's not a disorder if I'm right."
@Cinema Therapy , I Have A Serious Question For Jono Relating To The Topic(s) Discussed In This Particular Episode Regarding Narcissism In General. But Maybe More Specifically, Maybe A Person With NPD, If They "Don't Seem To Be A "'Full Blown'" Narcissist." My Question Is, If I Know Someone Who I Believe To Have NPD, Or They May Be A Full On Narcissist, Would It Be Possible For Said Individual To Watch This Episode And Identify Traits About Themself From Kuzco To Actually Have Their Eyes, Mind, And Heart Opened Up About If They Actually Are A Narcissist Themself?
I love this channel. It's both entertaining and has helped me with my own mental health issues along the way. Granted I still see a counselor every now and then to help with my bigger issues, but still. Love the fun and education Cinema Therapy gives.
Fine, I’ll watch the full movie again
Pull the lever Kronk!
petition for villain therapy for yzma (purely because she's my favorite ever, of anything, across the board)
I used to love this movie so much and I want to still love this movie, but then I was abused by a narcissist for a period of time and now I just can't truly enjoy it anymore.
I love this movie so much and the analysis just makes it that much better.   I'd be curious to see what y'all think about the movie spirit: stallion of the cimmaron
Wow amazing 😍🤩
Me and my family use the “I Snatched You Right Out Of The Air!” Line all the time!
Alan, if you haven't watched the haunting of hill house, particularly the Two Storms episode, I AM BEGGING YOU TO
The best part, in my opinion, is that they didn't have a script. They didn't have a script until after the movie was finished and being watched.
Interesting.  And thank you guys for putting this together really well!
Nice
My mind feels clearer and healthier watching your guy's videos, thank you so much.
Landlords are supervillain narcissists confirmed
This video opened my eyes that I am finally ready to face my ex that clearly suffers from NPD even tho he's not officially diagnosed. I am finally strong enough to set my boundaries with respect to him without feeling anxious and even afraid of him shaming me for drawing them. Thank you internet dads! 🙏🏻☺️
To me, Kuzco talking to the voiceover is him talking to his Ego that wants to keep him in the victim state. A lot of people that suffer from NPD are complacent in the victimhood state.
As you get older you realize just how alone Kusco really is. Even since birth he has servants catering to him. No mom or dad in the beginning with him as a baby. He has everything handed to him and given to him. You can tell the contrast from Pacha that he had to work for everything he has. It takes work to love others, but you have to work harder to be selfish.
Wow nice one
I completely forgot where “No touchy” came from in my lexicon. Thank you, good sirs, for the reminder
Not sure anything can be done about this, but one of the break-in  YouTube ads on this episode is for the horrifically violent “Thanksgiving” movie. The ad itself is a complete nightmare. It seems a bit of cognitive dissonance, what with your empathetic review of an animated Disney feature. Bit of a bummer there. Great episode otherwise though.
Nice movie
As a peruvian, i can 100% say that this movie is based on a true events and historians have said this actually happened, meaning reality is blessing us with memes and good comedy  Oh, and the line of Pacha calling Kuzko a "demon lama" when first seeing him as a lama HAS to be a direct reference to a horrifying legend from Peru This legend is about how anyone who commits some nasty actions, only to transform into a demonic lama at night eating other people's brains (from what i heard from my mother's side of her family since they know and even live in those type of areas where there from), it's horrifying to say it can even shapeshift into a demonic giant dog that can walk on its two hind legs. The demonic lama would be called the Jarjacha and it would roam around at night in the Appalachian Mountains of Peru. So everytime i watch this movie and for those who know the context of these nasty actions from the legend, let's just be grateful the way disney incorporated a different way to show how Kuzko became a lama, which adds a whole other meaning to the line from Pacha, "demon lama", which to be fair, who could blame him. plus if you look in the eyes of the jarjacha, it can control you somehow, causing you to go near it as it makes noise that goes something like JAR-JAR-JAR-JAR (in english, Har-Har-Har) multiple times.   Also here a is a short story i would like to share that two of my family members, my aunt and grandma (again, these two are from my mom's family side), have encountered one at night in a district province called Ayacucho.  It was late at night when both were walking back home and the part where they were was a town that upon going up the road, there was barely any light, just only street lamps so imagine that when going back home AT NIGHT. So when they were going back home, saw a shadow nearby for what seemed to be of a dog, only to rise its two hind legs and reveal its enormous size to them. Then both got scared and quickly got out of there until they made back to safety. Even till now, i could already tell this event must've traumatized them horribly and since it was nighttime when that happened, it was even worse for them. Luckily, right now they are okay and i am just happy. Plus the town is mostly a forest in small mountains so also imagine that when you are out alone in the dark at night. cuz that is really chilling the more i come and think about it.
😂😂😂this is one of the Disney movies that Still makes me laugh as adult. Comedy is unmatched to some adult movies 😂😂
Please!!! Do the sequel about Kronk it’s so good!
Another great movie to watch :-) Re apologies: I've seen this process used as a power play or a way of saying I won, you lost. Custo  uses face-saving which is a big thing in Asian and Polynesian cultures. It creates a space to acknowledge a wrong without enforcing abasement which can lead to resentment and further bad behaviour. Yes it creates an area of grey but my observation is that it also builds social cohesion.
am i the only one who would like them to do the FNAF Movie in the future With Mike having that Survivors Guilt and the Missing Children whenever they get the chance
At that last "flashback done" moment, when we go back to the start of the movie and Kuzco is alone, him telling his voice over to go away and leave him alone kinda sounds like him talking to his consciousness as well. Or better, his now awakened consciousness telling his nascissistic self to go away, as he's aware of what **really** happened, and he was the cause of it.
Will you do The Brave Little Toaster next?
We love Kronk #KronkProtectionSquad
My aunt had an ex-husband who was a narcisstic abuser. But she put him in his place one day. He said she was a bad person, useless, the usual. Then she retorted; "Who do you think is cooking your food? You never know what I might put in it." Since he got the idea he shut up but she left him anyway.
do the SHRINK NEXT DOOR Pleeeeaaasssee! Its a show about a toxic therapist. I do love the Emperor's New Groove, its the best!!
Johnathans Yzma at the end had so much Doofwnsmirts in it.
My dad would say “I don’t make deals with peasants!” whenever we would try and weasel our way out of responsibilities 😂 this whole movie is so quotable
"I do not make films for children... or, at least, not primarily for children."  "You're dead if you aim for kids."  "We design the films to appeal to ourselves."  "The adults have the money; ... children don't have any money."  - Walt Disney
Squeakity squeaker squeak squeak!
at 11:10 (ish), Jonathan asking about "as an actor used to" live action trying to do voicework, I would say this: There's a reason there are different "stars" of voice acting vs "face acting." Big-budget films like this one find actors that are good at both, but in the majority of cases, if you need a voice performance, you hire a voice actor. It's just a different mentality and a different skill-set.
Good job brother
Dont forget when David Spade played a fly in Racing Stripes XD
Before he even said "All Children are Narcissists" I thought how teenagers sort of go through that change along with puberty (in my opinion). Ive been watching some "Worlds Strictest Parents" on YT and made me think of that sudden change teens go through when they think of others (im sure the shows not all that true but definitely made me think)
I think the reason disney is so good at capturing the voice actors performance is that they are one of the only studio's that records the voice acting before completing the animation so that the animators can use it as reference material
Aaaw i used to love this movie as a kid❤ still do at 32. Great analysis, love you guys!
I am so happy that you both covered this movie, but I will be sticking to my original pitch here, let's revisit this movie to talk about Kronk : the best sidekick of all time. He is the warmest, most positive, caring, completely selfless but self focused Disney character we have ever seen, and he works for the villian. Kronk is the best boy here, clueless and oh so freaking funny.
Hey Love Your Reviews can  you guys review One Piece Live Action 🙏
The jokes aren’t pop culture because this movie created the pop culture. I’ve only met one person ever that’s never seen it. This movie is quoted at least 10 times a day at my house and is a staple of all of my siblings and I’s childhoods.
The difference between most children and narcissists is that most children mature and grow out of there original self-centred thinking.
6:55 And Michael Kovach
I’m really curious what Alan and Jonathan would think of moral orel 🤔
This is my favorite Disney movie and the theme "My Funny Friend and Me" never fails to make me cry. I think for me is the friendship that develops between Pacha and Cuzco that makes me treasure this movie.
"oh she knits?" "croches" ME: *GASP* I have a friend who croches!"
I love kuzco. He is self absorbed but he doesn't know any better. Kuzco's saving grace is he is fun loving.
As long as youre doing older Disney movies, feel like getting even more obscure? Sky High could be a fun one to tear apart
Although, he has lower blood sugar, hes a spolied prince, but change his mind
Idk if you guys do suggestions, but I was watching one of my favorite Christmas movies (How The Grinch Stole Christmas starring Jim Carrey) and wondered about what you would have to say about the character given his seclusion and how he became something of an outcast. I know it’s a strange suggestion but I figured it was worth a shot :) Love your content!
For Christmas this year you should watch Home Alone. React to the family relationships.
I see you all with this and the V for Vendetta episode 👀🍉
Love experimental era Disney. Emperor's New Groove, Treasure Planet, Atlantis... so good.  Side note: with the Holiday season coming up, I'd love for the channel to cover Spirited. I'm very touched by Will Farrell's character around self forgiveness and overcoming your past self. Somewhat similar to A Silent Voice but I think you can do a character study.
I think it would be really interesting if you watched "Barbie and the Diamond Castle"
so... kuz is trump minus any character development.
i am begging u guys to cover the devil wears prada
God this movie is so funny XD
I am afraid of getting old does that mean it's already too late?
Our sibling and ourself will talk in squirrel from this movie to each other.
very nice ❤❤
Wait so he is assuming all kids are narcissists?  Is that actually a truth or..?
Just re-watched The Truman Show, my favorite movie, the other day and realized that you somehow haven't reviewed it yet!
Suggestion: either 'Klaus' or 'Arthur Saves christmas' for the holidays. DO IT!
please do social network
don’t forget the fact that this script was not written until after the movie was filmed.
i’m in a masters program for counseling psychology right now and we just learned about solution focused therapy! i love that stuff
I know you guys don’t do shows but I still wanna throw my hat in for Loki. There were a lot of heavy elements, it would be awesome if you guys did an episode or two on it.
This remains in my top 5 favorite animated movies of all time.  The story, the comedy, the acting, its just so so so good.  My brother and I quote this movie all the time.
I cannot even explain how much I absolutely adore this movie. It's even gotten to the point where I can recite the whole dang thing from memory which is a blessing and a curse.
And this right here is why this is one of the best comedies in cinema, regardless if it's underrated.
Please please do selling sunset it’s not a movie but I think it would be incredible 😂
Do Whiplash!
Suggesting Meet the Robinsons!
This is one of my all-time favorite movies! I think I know every line and could quote the entire thing. So good.
Can we get a Cinema Therapy episode on Kronk? I think he’s like one of the best Disney characters of all time and he really deserves his own episode.
I love the idea that Pacha learns to set more firm boundaries. I feel like the real life version is that Kuzco offers Pacha a "home" under his summer palace where Pacha can be his servant. And Pacha lives in constant fear of losing what little he has left to be able to protect those he loves. It's hard to set boundaries with people you're afraid of... There is no genuine connection or joy without boundaries and safety.
Kuzko and Yzma are such an interesting parallel. I think Yzma is a covert narcissist herself. So we get to see two endings for narcissism really - one with change and one where selfishness is their ruin.
Nice❤
I appreciate the commentary, great video. But I had to watch it twice because the first time I was incredibly distracted by what I thought was a dying pixel on my screen. There is a tiny red spot on the chair back of Mr. Decker that is only visible in his medium close up shots above his right shoulder (the viewers left). And now everyone else gets to be distracted by it too.
Hello, the wonderful two :) Please make an episode about Loki ❤
I just watched "No one will save you", it's about forgiving yourself. I really believe it would be a good movie for an episode.
I love this
Hi!   Thank you for this episode. I found this one was a particularly nice one and I have a few remarks.   I get the impression, that dealing with mental health issues is making one act like a narcissist. I had a depressive boyfriend and his depression is one of the things that screwed our relationship. He got so focused on his own suffering that he did not even noticed he was doing very selfish things and was expecting to be spared from healthy, justified critic... I think I also landed in that place further along the way.  Jono made a comment about Kuzco not believing he could do something selfless and I think therein is turning point in Kuzco's inner dynamic. Sadly I see a parellel between that and I my marriage. My husband believes that divorce is the only solution because he does not see what he himself can do to mend things, even the part is he accountable for. Having problems believing in oneself and one's ability to do things differently is opening the door for a lot of destruction. How could Kuzco even try before to do something selfless, if he is genuinely convinced that he is not that or that he doesn't have the capability? And that brings me to another Disney character: Elsa. Elsa's fear and disrupted self-image are at the core of the problems she caused (and the plot of both the firs movie)... and for me it looks like an "imploded" narcissistic disorder - "de-pression". Things get screewed up not because someone is overestimating oneself to much, but because one is underestimating oneself way too far and do not believe enough in themselves. Both destructive. Both ego-centered. Belief is making a huge difference.  I like Kronk in this movie and I wish you make an episode about him. He comes at first like simple-minded sidekick, but what comes out over the movie is his good nature and his willingness to make people feel at ease... some kind of Waymond ahead of time. Sturdy and sensitive at the same time. A bit in need of leadership... but overall his kindness and good nature are so unsual - and much needed.  That being said, I would like you make a series where you put the focus on overlooked jewels. Some people and some movie characters take less room than the protagonist, but they turn out to have as much or more to offer (more stability, kindness or character) as the protagonist... and my personal preference tend to lie into these characters or people. Kronk ist one of them. Sam Gamegee and Tom Bombadil (in the book). Eowin. Jasmin's maid in the live remake also. The butler in Batman. The co-pilot in Sully. Sometimes it is so easy to forget them. I wish I would learn more about how that kind of person grow and what gives them this strength and makes them the second best and/or good teamplayers. I think the movie industry should bring some more light on them because those charachters are good examples of the different forms of strength. Colin Stokes' TED talk in 2011 also touches among things on that, and I find it a staple when it comes to analysing movies: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nx8RRIiP53Q   Thanks again for bringing mental health and mental resilience through the medium of film forward 🙂
Ok so you should analyze izma and kronk as well
Have you guys thought about reviewing Bohemian Rhapsody and talking about how someone should cope with inevitability i know its kind of a mega stretch i just want you guys on this movie
10:10 Pacha: "How can you be this way?"  Because Yzma is the one who raised Kuzco and she's a narcissist too
Can we get Kronks new groove?
WRONG LEVER, ALAN!
Its an irony how cheaters are afraid of being cheated on, tsk
Good analysis, but I wish you'd touched on the firing of Yzma, because while I wouldn't call it "good", given how callous he was to someone who "practically raised him", it was at least responsible. I would've expected a leader with Kuzco's personality to LET Yzma do all the boring kingdom management stuff, while he just partied or lazed around. But Kuzco took his role as emperor seriously enough to call it his job and didn't anyone doing it for him. I've read that a lot of US presidents, even the ones that are usually lauded by history books, were arguably narcissists. So I think it's worth noting that narcissists aren't necessarily lazy or incompetent.
Llama face!!! 😭  LOL!
Tell me how the algorithm knew to give me one ad with David Spade as the spokesperson and another with John Goodman
This is a great movie. I’m glad you did it.
Awesome as always, buuuut... I wanted more Kronk analysing 😔
The more I watch Cinema Therapy, the more I can see what I need to work through.  I only have about half the traits of a narcissist, but the key one that made me think is lack of empathy. I have tried many times, I don't think I'm capable of empathy. I do have compassion, but I can't really pinpoint my reason for it when I lack empathy.  The idea of fighting with your own conscience is a big one for me. I've been fighting for years with mine. Almost in this same way. I'm conflicted between "I'm a monster" and "I'm only human"
Hi! I love your channel so much! I was wondering if you could do shallow Hal? Thank you!
Could you guys cover Borderline Personality Disorder at some point?
Could you do a review of Dash and Lily?
I prefer the term "emotional immaturity" instead of narcissism, just because it describes the condition way better and explains it a lot. I think narcissists are villainized a lot irl because a lot of them are abusers, but I think a lot of them are also not abusers. Just, immature people with bloated egos that you roll your eyes at sometimes. Certainly not reliable, but not necessarily abusive ragers, etc.
6:21 finally someone said it!
LET'S FREAKING GO! THEY FINALLY DID IT, THEY FINALLY DID IT!!! MY PRAYERS HAVE BEEN HEARD AND ANSWERED
One of my grandparents has NPD and he's not your typical "grandfather" figure to me and even refuses to let me call him that in public because he's "not old enough" to have adult grandkids (he's been doing this all my life, though, so my age is actually irrelevant), but he's not completely estranged because he's been willing to put in some effort.
PLEASE do "The Holdovers"!! Yes, I know, it'll be like shooting fish in a barrel because it's all right there, but I'd still love to see your take on it.
95% of my family are narcissistic. Glad I ain't like them. I'm the tradition breaker.  😂
Hello cinema therapy! I know this might sound weird, but I was wondering if you guys would make a video over ruby gillman teenage kraken. But more than that, I was hoping maybe you guys would also read a rewrite I did and possibly analyze that comparing it to the movie? I rewrote it Bc I just feel the idea they were going for could have used a way more fleshed out execution.
It's a TRAVESTY that this film wasn't a hit. Like, it's the funniest Disney movie of all time and so much fun!
I always liked that Kuzco isn’t portrayed as stupid, he’s cleary intelligent. He’s just immature & impulsive
RIP Eartha Kitt.
Love every single emotional breakdown
11:34 I love hearing Alan talk about how movies are made. It’s cool to hear how much work goes into it and how everything comes together. I wish he would go over stuff like this more, especially in regards to cinematography and why certain shots are filmed the way they are.
As someone who has dealt with someone close to me portraying all the symptoms of NPD and not realising it til too late I always find it interesting and healing in a way when I watch these videos on NPD
I’d love to see their next video hit on the evolution of Loki and his character growth now that season 2 of Loki is over
I was in a museum course, and we had to make "No Touching" labels, one serious and one fun. "No Touchie" was my fun label!
Hey Cinema Therapy!! I love your videos! I was wondering if maybe one day you could go over the movie Jingle All the Way?? It’s one of my favorite Christmas movies and is very fitting for the holiday!!
Are you guys going to react to the five nights at Freddy's movies when it comes out to streaming? I think this one would point out mental health and childhood trauma
love that y'all point out kuzco went back onto the rickety bridge just to be a jerk. he could have potentially gotten everything he wanted if he hadn't chosen to be spiteful for its own sake
I like Voice Acting, it requires alot of imagination and impro and I usually act out moments while I voice as well yo give more feeling into it.
David Spade did an awesome job.
My ex called me a narcissist for _checks_ going to Salsa lessons.
Believe it or not, you’re talking about schism made me realize that I have Echoism and also I believe it also help me realize a good healthy way to treat it as well, so thank you I needed to hear that😊
Nice
Very good one❤
@cinema therapy I think you have underplayed what narcissism is its more nuanced yet more brash then how your talking about it. please i personally suggest looking into Dr. Ramani she is an expert in the field of narcissism and has been in the field for years.
Thanks for that vid, I want to ask if you guys can do one video about the movie Forrest Gump (Hero arc, or about the character Jenny). I really enjoy your stuff and look forward to the new video !! :)
I haven’t seen this movie since it came out in theatres I might have to watch it
Emperor's new groove is the best Disney movie.
mirror mirror
Istg this movie is too underrated
Nice video
I would adore seeing commentary about Pacha's character in this!
You  should do a episode on vegeta form dragon ball z  that would be interesting or parthanax form skyrim
Notification Squad!  :D
My family has a narcissist. I don't really know if he has changed... I was never willing to forgive him. Still not really. He is an alcoholic narcissist who yelled whenever someone didn't do it his way. He never was at fault. If the lawn wasn't mowed, it was my fault even though I was 15 and the mower was broken. He screamed at me for getting the "wrong chicken" out... even when I bought the chicken for that night, it wasn't the "right chicken", and I had to run out of the house and clear into the woods to make him stop. Then he was "worried" because the neighbors reported it to my family. We finally made him stop by kicking him out of the house. He seems to have tamed out, but he made fun of me for totalling a car on an icy hill, "I never totalled a car" was his response.  So yeah. I don't know if he'll change. He keeps squeezing his way into homes, but he's burning all his bridges. None of his family want him any more and he's losing "friends" by the day. At this rate, he won't realize until he has nothing. And in all honesty, I won't care. I'm just glad I don't have to see him.
Nice
You guys gotta do Yzma villain therapy next.  Unless, you alredy did... did you?
Please do a video on the film "I Lost My Body" directed by Jeremy Clapin. The movie is beautiful and worth the watch.
Grunk is the goat!. 🔥
Wow,such a fantastic video uploaded. I like it so much.
Still waiting for Cinema Therapy to do a review for Disney's Meet The Robinsons, that movie is hella underrated :')
My thoughts about him being an asshole that you somehow love, is mostly because it comes from a point of spoiling and ignorance. Its not like he is directly malicious.
Hi guys! I just want to say, first of all, thank you for everything you do with this channel, it has really helped me understand myself better and make me want to be better for myself and those around me.  Second, I would really love it if you could review "Meet the Robinsons", please! That movie has been like a big hug for my soul over the years. The message of letting go of the past to move forward, and being encouraged to make mistakes in order to grow, and not be ashamed of it, has really resonated with me in so many levels. So if you could please talk about it, I would be very grateful and happy.
How about the narcissism of the meta arguing? I love that there's a lot of meta comentary/self-reflection/self-absorption at the beginning, but as he becomes a better person, there's less meta interruptions.
I would love to see an episode on the movie Blended.
Hey. I started watching this channel today and I love it. Can you do a reaction and go through the movie ' Maquia - When the promised flowers bloom' it's my favourite movie, the best movie about motherhood to me, the best movie about love and loss, always very much moves me emotionally and It would be nice to see what people like you think about it. Thank you!
Even though this isnt a film, Infinity Train has a lot of therapy type themes to it. A lot of characters with different personalities dealing with different kinds of traumas, developments, and growth. It would be cool to see a therapist react to it, though I doubt it would happen on this channel lol
Have ya’ll done Meet the Robinsons?? Pleeeeasseee do that one
Hi!  Thank you for your job it's super satisfying to watch!❤ Have you seen film "the choice", if no I'd like to see your opinion on that
David spade, adam sandler, and will ferrell are great actors as long as you can't see them.
Wait, what happened with Sting and changing the ending of the movie?
So, would there ever be a situation where you remove a diagnosis for NPD? In most cases, I'm sure growth would be considered managing the symptoms or finding adaptive behavior, but would there ever be a scenario where the term NPD just straight up didn't apply anymore? Would anyone ever even know something like that?
Would love to see a review of controlling in-law relationships and boundaries.. like My Big Fat Greek Wedding or Meet The Parents.
What if Kuzco fully meant what he said with that handshake, but since Patcha had just insulted his hygiene before falling he changed his mind
Wow, check out Kuzco's expression at 4:40. It almost looks like he feels bad for inevitably kicking Patcha and his family off of land their family has been living on for generations. What a great little detail!
Just looked up the Sting bit. It doesn't sound like narcissism but rather him sticking to his guns because Kuzco was going to build his theme park as the original ending. Apparently he was an activist and chose to follow that at risk of losing employment with Disney.  Cool tidbit that I didn't know.
I used to have the biggest crush on Kuzco. Nowaday’s, I tend to like arrogant men/women. I typically to lose interest once I see first-part-of-the-movie Kuzco, but near the end I find him so endearing. I set boundaries to help prevent my emotional harm when dealing with these folk since I know the attraction might not be great in relationship dynamics.
Ah! I love this movie! 😍
The part where he is talking to himself, the llama and the voice over... could it be a metaphor for... the voice over is his original self, the part of his mind that is still trying to insist that no, he is the most important thing ever and everything else should be honored to serve... and him telling it no is him... actually realizing that he can't be that way anymore?... I know it is just a dumb comedy bit, but still something to think about.
More John Goodman movies. There’s got to be something in Monsters Inc to talk about.
22:02 This made me laugh in a depressed, relatable way. My mom cheated on my dad through their relationship while also accusing him of cheating on her. Eventually, my dad did cheat and he said he did it because my mom constantly blames their failing relationship on him being a "cheater" and he decided that if was gonna be persecuted for a crime he didn't commit, might as do it if he's gonna serve the time anyway(Of course, this is no excuse, and I think their both kind of pathetic for cheating on each other).   When my mom found out, she lost her mind. The night she came home crying and sobbing on the kitchen floor while my brother tried to calm things down was burned into my memories. My mom tried to bring me down to her level of misery by telling me my dad didn't love me. When I started crying, he tried to comfort me, but I retreated into my brothers room because I didn't want to be around her. My brother noticed from across the house and ran over to find out what was wrong. My dad was still on the phone and asked my brother to talk to me. He asked me what was wrong, and my mom started threatening me to nor say anything. Then she started laughing and pointing while nudging my brother, saying I looked like my aunt.  My mom, even after my dad divorced her, still acts like the victim and continues to claim to have never cheated on my dad. Even though she had a boyfriend before my dad filed and claimed that the marriage was already dead so it didn't count, but my dad was still trying to fix things and still very much in love with her.  Despite being cheated on through the entire marriage, my dad never once brought his kids into it. My mom finds out he cheated once, and suddenly, her world's ending and her kids need to suffer alongside her.
6:37 First thing I think of when I hear that is Jax from Digital Circus. I have no clue what it is about that character that he can be such a huge jerk to everyone around him but I still like him so much and can’t get enough of him.
world peace!!:)  for many years we’ve been in conflict and mistrust because of our own internal conflicts and interests colliding with each other and that all the external conflicts are caused by that!!  so to help everyone, we must understand and really look at our own internal conflict to help the external conflicts subside!! so throughout history, we’ve been focused on saving ourselves and our own needs is that we haven’t been focusing on others and how we each can help each other!!  this is because we’re wired to trust ourselves and only ourselves and with our own unique individual comfort zones that cause us to not want to change or be different!! to accomplish this together, we have to allow and celebrate our differences and be ourselves at the same time!!  so we each can still have our own way of life and be happy with others who are different and every day have new and exciting ideas on how to have the world be more peaceful!!  and we can slowly and at our own pace step out of our comfort zones and make a change in ourselves and encourage others, including our next generation!!  because we all have the right to be ourselves and the happiest we can be and we can still have our beliefs and values individually and be with others, if we take the time to try and understand each other and then we can live in the world we’ve always dreamt of!!  and we can or/and can’t do this only if you want to!!  so please consider and share this with others to inspire and support!!  thanks so very much!!
Now we have a legion of narcissistic people and this in real life is not funny or cool like the movie.  On the contrary, these narcissists will increasingly destroy the world and make other people's lives a living hell. Anyway, thank you for this video. ❣️💋
I literally just watched this movie three days ago and now three days later I see this on my timeline and I will watch and enjoy every second
Bedankt
The BEST Disney movie!
Such a great video, as always!
Baste animated movie
Disney definitely have a secret lab.
The final scene - I really like the thought of kinda, he literally *can't* apologise, he's seen as a god, if he's wrong then who knows what'll happen with the empire?
19:55 i thought my monitor had a dead pixel
I love so much that this video came out while I’m in Peru 😊
Hi
Quote from this movie that I still say ro rhis day: "No, I dont think I will". In that exact same way too 😂
Now and then I am Kuzco. By that I mean even at 27 I sometimes have a hard time apologizing for something. Like if it's an in the moment, I regret it but can't say the words "I'm sorry"; my ego will find the kuzco way to apologize to not bruise itself. My best friend knows if I'm giving an egotistical apology, a real apology will follow within a few days; I don't handle emotions well, so it takes a few days to regulate them. Especially when it's shame, guilt, or jealousy/envy; those really take a few days and all bruise my ego. Poor thing sauntered over to the shadows to sulk for the past few days (still is) as I've been feeling emotions I don't deal well with. It's like "you want ego? How about depression, most self-centered, I can give you ATM. "
Very excellent condition relationship working timebucks
For the others who are curious, "According to a report in the New York Daily News, Sting was horrified to discover that the ending to the animated comedy ‘The Emperor’s New Groove’ featured the emperor in question demolishing a rainforest to build a theme park.  Sting said: “I wrote them a letter and said, ‘You do this, I’m resigning because this is exactly the opposite of what I stand for. I’ve spent 20 years trying to defend the rights of indigenous people and you’re just marching over them to build a theme park. I will not be party to this.”"
0:33 the writing of this film is pure gold 😂😂😂❤❤❤
I adore this film ever since I saw I as a kid! ❤❤ Ya BOOM BABY!😊
Hello.
Hey, idk if you guys would ever do indie YouTube series. But I would love for y'all to do one on Helluva boss. As a pre warning it's definitely more on the mature end 😳
The problem with the idea of Kuzco having NPD is he's actually too outwardly a jerk. The worrying thing about narcissists is that they are very charismatic. They'll love bomb anyone so that they'll like them. Kuzco prided himself on being incapable of being nice. He refused to take credit for saving Pacha's life because it was a selfless act. A real narcissist would not hesitate hold that moment over your head. "Excuse me? I saved your life!"
You should do the bob’s burger movie! 😊
I used to have a boss who ticked all the narcissism criteria which wasn't great to be dealing with. (Like seriously, the best example is that he started an argument and walked out a week before he was due to leave to start a new job, because he could not stand the idea of training the guy who was coming in to replace him...)
My sister, younger brother and I loved watching this movie together.  So many quotable lines, many of which I still use to this day lol.  The characters and voice talent in this film are great.  It's so funny!
If you like Disney movie about change and love you should do an episode on Disney channel original starstruck. I think both would like it a lot
good
I love those impressions at the end.
I was trapped in an abusive relationship with a narssisist for years before cutting it off. I wish this came out sooner lol, maybe i could have seen the signs earlier. But in all seriousness, if you are trying to change a real narsissist, know its not your job and its not worth your health. Encourage them to seek professional help, but dont get trapped in their abuse cycle. Nothing is worth it.
i love Eartha Kitt's Yzma 🥰😍😁
you guys need to do a psychology of a hero on Mike Wazowski from the Monsers Inc and Monster U movies.
When addressing the ending, you stopped short of the truly fabulous part - when Kuzco sits down next to Pacha and Pacha says "I'm pretty sure I heard singing on the hill next to us... in case you're interested."  Despite everything, when most stories would have Pacha and Kuzco each going their separate ways, Pacha extends an invitation to maintain their association.  After an entire lifetime of being surrounded by servants and toadies, Kuzco is offered actual friendship.  Cut to the next scene to discover that Kuzco *DID* build a pool (complete with waterslide), but did so for the entire village - the only thing he built (or had built) for himself was a little changing room, exactly where Pacha suggested.  And as a nod to Kuzco complimenting the poncho Pacha's wife made, she makes one especially for him (with a llama on it).  Not as 'tribute' or because she felt any sort of obligation, but as a straight-up gift - "doing something nice for someone else".  Which I feel was the true 'cure' for Kuzco's narcissism.  By no means an authoritative diagnosis/analysis, I read the key trait of narcissism as the expectation of being given (aka 'owed') things.  (We've got WAY too much of that running rampant nowadays among a certain demographic who has spent most of their lives never being told "no".)  Kuzco knows he's been pretty rotten and the entire empire has ample reason to be cold towards him - Pacha's village in particular.  While he had come to accept that Pacha was simply a stand-up guy and all, support and friendship from others who he knew had no reason to do so (again, in particular, the poncho from Pacha's wife) were the key.
Xd
Great analysis on the best movie ever. Needed more yzma and kronk tho. Parts 2 & 3? You know I'm right. Maybe even the trauma inflicted on being transformed into a cow in your workplace???
Love this movie, one of my favorite animated movies! You can do one focusing on Yzma and Kronk?
There's a guy I watch on Youtube called Mental Healness (Lee Hammock), and he's diagnosed with NPD, and he uses his platform to get more toxic/NPD people like him into therapy (as he says that's why he changed was because he hit rock bottom and went to therapy and is sticking with it) and to bring support to the victims/survivors of those who were affected by toxic people/NPD people, and everything y'all talked about in this episode is basically everything that he's talked about when explaining NPD and everything. Great video. ♥  Also, the line(s) from this movie that I quote all the time are:  "Oh right. The poison. The poison for Kuzco, the poison chosen especially to kill Kuzco, Kuzco's poison."  "Pull the lever Kronk. WRONG LEVER!"  "Why do we even have that lever?"
Love this show! I think you guys should do the Movie “Before I Wake” and the series “The Haunting of Hill House”. Both are done by my favorite horror Director Mike Flanagan. Also The Emperor’s New Groove is very underrated in my opinion.
It's amazing how good this movie is for how many problems they had making it. It was so wildly different with a song called Snuff Out the Light.
I love how Jonathan sounded like Hoggle from Labyrinth when he made his Yzma impression 😁 Thank you for all the time and effort you put into making these episodes, guys. They are a joy to watch 😊
honestly, with the amount of pure magic they manage to cram into movie after movie, I wouldn't be surprised if someone told me their studio blew up, giving all their crew superpowers or something.
Kuzco is my favourite Disney Princess.
that is a really great movie! about arguing with the voice-over: Disney seems to have a history with it, as the 1997 George of the Jungle also has people doing so with it, there being an omnipresent narrator though :)
This, is one of my top 3 movies. This one, Princess Bride, and the original Music Man, are constantly vying for which is the top of the top 3. You should see how bad the battle royale for the top 10 is. ;)
As much as i love you, there are some things that maybe should be taken into consideration. The commentary was great as always but maybe alan could have said more stuff. For example, the chase scene was a cinematic masterpiece, the fight over the bottle, peak comedy, maybe some scenes were rushed when it came to cinematic interpretation. Please let alan speak more🙏
I have narcissitic personality (I think I am better than people and entitled) yet I am very sensitive at the same time when I feel bad for people .  Idk how it is possible
I love this movie! Great review. Have you thought about reviewing Ron's Gone Wrong, it's hilarious and pretty clever!
entirely off-topic, but I once read a story of a girl, who went to a drop-slide at an aquapark and when she was standing at the opening hatch she told the person operating it "pull the lever Kronk!" remembering that cracks me up every time! XDDD
Doooooooo loooookiiii aaaaagaaaaaiiiinnnn plzzzzz
Do loki again
Do loki again
Do loki again
Pls do loki from the new loki series. Man has gone through some equally god lvls growth in different circumstances
I've dealt with narcissistic people in life and unfortunately - them hitting their particular rock bottoms (like losing all their friends or tanking a company which they've created) didn't make them change one bit. In real life those people focus on shifting the blame on everyone else, do a pity party, and then they swiftly move on to charm new people with their superficial show of shallow charisma and fake kindness (which they always withdraw the moment any given person is no longer of use to them.) Narcissistic people are like the scorpion from the tale - they cannot help it. Avoid them at all costs.
I love that this movie came from a really bad movie that no one liked and they went, crap we need a story and have no time quick everyone write something. I am over simplifying but it is a fascinating story behind the story
On a kind of related note of narcissism, where do the CinemaTherapy team stand on the idea that there is no selfless act and that all actions are self-serving in some degree?
Can you guys please review the last of us?? It’s a great emotional show, episodes are a bit long but there are only about 9! It’s definitely worth it
Guys, you HAVE to watch it in italian, songs, voiceovers ecc. Are amaizing
Missed the chance to insert from George of the Jungle, "Thor, were you fighting with the narrator?" 😂
Can you guys do a episode on the Loki series please 🥺
Can you do a fantastic Mr fox and narcissism?
That magic trick did not work on me. I got as far as meeting Kronk and then having to return to Cuzco and I was out. I did not care about Cuzco. He is the damn villain. He deserved EVERYTHING. Yzma was bloody right.  Actually couldn't bear to keep watching such a jerk.
I love this movie! I can watch it any time
Yahoo another movie to watch with hubbie❤
I have vivid memories of the first time I saw this. The sequence of events after the bridge breaks had my sister and I laughing so hard we cried. David Spade's performance is genius, but I Patrick Warburton and Eartha Kitt are also absolutely comically brilliant. Two of the phrases that made their way into my everyday life were Yzma's (and I'm not sure what that says about me) 'AAAAhahaha, I'll SMASH it WITH a HAMMER!' and 'Wrong lever!'
Very interesting, cool!  Cool cartoon and the plot is normal.  The guys are definitely great!
I was never a narcissist, but I did have a big ego. Rock bottom for me was my first love dumping me and my friends telling me I deserved it. That was the wakeup call I needed. Before that, I thought things were great but really I was getting close to alienating a bunch of people. Nowadays I've learned and grown and my life is genuinely great. It's a hard thing to admit, but I celebrate that that's my story because it got me where I wanted to be, just made sure I deserved it first.
Beautiful
18:12 "he was all the way across the bridge" i used to think this about my mom all the time lmao, she would yell for 2-3 hrs about various winding topics, leave the room, then circle back around to yell some more 😂😂 i was like damn i thought we were done can we schedule this into tomorrows session im hungry 😂😂😂
If you love the comedy in its original language, the latin dub (if you speak Spanish and know the culture, of course) is simply unmatched. I love you guys, but it was hard to watch this one in English 🤭   Also, Kuzco’s journey and the theme of this movie is awesome. Experimental Disney gave us literal jewels.
To me, the kitchen diner scene is the best scenes in cinema (I said what I said!) The comedy and timing in this movie is ✨️chefs kiss✨️
This movie deserves to get more recognition than it does. It can teach so much if we choose to understand. I love and appreciate the fact that you guys did this movie! It's one of my favorites. So, thank you!
I love the scene where Kuzco talks to his voice over.   "They saw the whole thing, they know what happened."  The first time he openly admits he did this to himself. And knowing it's so obvious that even his bias storytelling can't fool the viewer.
Can you guys do these kinds of videos with Trolls, Trolls World Tour, Trolls Band Together, Sonic the Hedgehog (2020), Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (2022), My Little Pony: The Movie (2017) and Puss in Boots (2011)?
Can you guys do BELLE? Anime Belle movie…please…not beauty and the beast bell ❤❤❤ thank you
Great insight, thanks. I noticed y'all did some anime analysis in the past and wonder if y'all would have a crack at the movie "Perfect Blue". I'm very curious to hear what an educated perspective on the protagonist and antagonist's psychology is.
I played it's game in PS1 as a child, and I love it. Amazing game and movie!
I want to thank you both for the emotional relization I have been able to gain from watching your videos. What you do is a gift, and I am so grateful that I am able to grow with each episode I watch
I just realized that I don't know John-O's take on "fake it til you make it" re: empathy.  It's a thing performers do all the time, but I don't know if it works for interpersonal or emotional stuff too.
You ought to look into games like last of us and etc
Listen, I KNOW that Jono is telling me something important but I can’t look away from the arm…
Question, have ya'll thought about watching Fleabag? Deals with grief/loss, family relationships, and sex addiction.
Im just going to ask something...  Can you do a video on the Five Nights at Freddy's movie? This may not be seen, but it's a suggestion
Great unsung thing about Kuzcotopia: Pacha mentions that his village grows most of the grain the palace is using. In destroying Pacha's village, Kuzco is foolishly cutting off his own food supply to feed his ego instead. It's a great early indication of how self-destructive Kuzco's behavior is.
10:38 THE SUBTITLES KILLED ME 🤣
One of my favorite things that only goes somewhat explored in the film is how Yzma "practically raised" Kuzco, and Kuzco basically grew to take on many of her character traits, but Kuzco never realizes that the traits in Yzma that bother him are traits he also possesses, nor does Yzma ever notice that she basically taught Kuzco to be the kind of person who would throw her aside as he did. Neither ever look internally, and it takes a third person coming in to finally get Kuzco to self-examine.
Amazing! :D Could you guys look into doing Sinbad? :D would love a break down of anything in that from, broken childhood relationships to self improvement etc
Man, I bet if Kuzco had gone through with Kuzcotopia, the villagers would have been really mad at Pacha for not letting him die in the jungle.
I grew up with a narcissistic dad and when my parents divorced, my mom made sure to let me know that if I still wanted to see him and hang out with him that it was my choice and she would respect it. I remember still wanting him in my life but things needed to change so I told him my boundaries: If he did his best to work on himself and try to be better that I would support him. I just needed to know that he was actually trying and not just taking the easy way out. Unfortunately he decided that was too much work and I haven’t spoken to him since. Every now and then I miss him but I remind myself that I did give him a chance. Hearing you guys talk about setting up boundaries has helped reassure me that I did the right thing for my own well being. Thank you.
Cinema therapy is the best channel of the Internet.
Do “the good dinosaur”!!!
You guys don’t know the huge meaning this movie has for Latin Americans, even when they got everything wrong with Peru’s Inca cosmovision (I mean a piñata and a sombrero… is that Mexico?). I grew up with the Spanish translation and it has its own inside jokes so top notch we also know them by memory 🥲 Overall English and Spanish, I think it’s a great movie. Thank you for doing this one🎉
Whilst it's true that it isn't impossible to change, one thing that specialists in narcissism point out is that in many ways the dynamics of narcissism make it far more difficult than other issues.  As is said in programs like AA, "you can’t change what you don't acknowledge". Because narcissists believe they are always right, acknowledging they are wrong is EXTREMELY difficult.  Not impossible, but more difficult to choose the right thing than some other struggles.  Gives me a bit of sympathy for them, difficult as that can be sometimes.
With redemption stuff I'm finally getting around to Once Upon a Time, midway through season 3, and I like the parallel evolution of Regina and Rumplestiltskin from the flashbacks in their past and their actions in the future. Both of them chased power so hard they burned every possible bridge and lost every remaining friend and family member they had, in the former's case due to wrath and for the latter due to cowardice, and since Storybrook they are both trying to fix themselves, Regina because she wants a life with her adoptive son and simultaneous step-great-grandson Henry and after two seasons of butting  heads with Emma she's realised she can't have one without the rest of the family as Henry will reject her, so she's trying to get over her anger and make things work (despite some genuinely terrible things Snow White did to her), and Rumplestiltskin because he regrets losing Belle before and wants to make the other choice of accepting true love at the expense of power.
This entire film is quoted nearly every day between me and my mom It’s almost my family’s secret language at this point
I'm willing to give kuzco a little slack on account of the fact that he was 17 like a day before the story starts and he clearly has no strong patentel figures. But yeah the kicking people out of their houses because you want to build a summer home thing is chillingly realistic...
I mean i love the channel and the movie.. but how can you do this movie and therapy and not talk about a Konk.
I love your chanal! It gives me so mich joy. Was wondering if you could do one episode on the dead poets society?
Jono’s Ezma sounded like Roger rabbit 😂
I watched this movie when I was little and the tv show was my favourite show as a child. So fun to re-watch him now as an adult
FINALLY!!!!❤❤❤❤
I'm not sure how many things I'm taking away from this video, but one thing that's definitely sticking with me is, "A thief is most afraid of being robbed, and a cheater is most afraid of being cheated on." Something l think I'll think about for a while... so incredibly deep
Great one! How about a villain analysis of Yzma and Kronk? ❤😃
I know these two usually only react to films, but I would LOVE to see them analyse all the main characters from Spongebob 🧽🦀🐟
Now I want to rewatch this movie 😊
I love this film, in most part because i can understand him.   Kuzko is this teenager (17 going on 18) who was raised (admitted by the character) by Yzma.   Yzma is an entitled narcasist, who was ready to kill kuzco at a moments notice. She didnt care about anyone but herself, so as a child Kuzko was leading by her example. Pacha is lucky Kuzko didnt kill him at a moments notice.   As someone whos mother was a narcasist who was entitled, only cared about herself and was ready to kill her children at a moments notice and did attempt too.   My brother and I are very different but also very reminiscent of Kuzko.   Until about 3 years ago, my brother only cared about himself and was big on self love. On the other hand, i cared very little about other people and would knowingly manipulate people like Kuzko did in the movie because we were emulating the behaviours taught to us by the person who raised us. I could have turned out a lot worse. Fortunately for me as the older sibling, this meant my brother was also my responsibility, so i very quickly moved out of the naracist behaviour in exchange for maternal. My brother on the other hand who had been pampered by me because i felt bad he had the same mother as me, and a mother who taught him only how to be like her, turned out alot worse.   3 years ago, i turned 21, and moved out with my brother, put us both into therapy, and used the behaviours of those around me to change the way that i behaved. But i still sometimes catch myself manipulate others to get what i want. My brother, because hes alot younger than me, only 12 years old now and thankfully is still at an age where surronding him with the right people and putting him in therapy means he very rarely resembles her now.  I still struggle sometimes admittedly, but at the very least im able to catch myself and change quickly.  Kuzko was taught by Yzma to be the same level of Entitled and Narcissistic, because thats how she behaved. Luckily he was at the age, where spending time with Pacha and surrounding himself with people that were nice, he was able to change and become a better person. He ruled by the example of a kind person and became a kind person himself, thats why interacting with people is so important for kids and teens, because they learn by the behaviours of those who teach it to him.   Put a child with a bad person and theyll become one themselves.   It takes alot of effort to change, and chances are youll make mistakes along the way, what makes you a good person, and what makes kuzko's character journey so satisfying is that he tried to change, even if he probably made mistakes a long the way that we didnt get to see. He worked to change and become a better person, and thats why i love this movie, because it gives hope to those who know they havent been raised as a good person, but want to change anyway, and deals with trauma and behaviours passed down by parents or parental figures.
About what Alan said about the similarities between narcisism and adiction: interestingly in German, you can describe  someone who is narcisistic or self centered as "selbstsüchtig", which translates to self-addicted
If I had nickel for every CT video about narcissism or a narcissist, I’d be close to a 25¢ last I counted…might be off 😅
The story behind how this movie was made is absolutely BANANAS. Apparently it was so cobbled together that the final script wasn't completed until AFTER the film was in theaters.
I wonder if you will ever see bad movies. Please watch a terrible movie and criticize it, not to hate but to show how they could have done it.   Think about it.
The singer at  the beginning is  a  joke on itself.  In Spanish  at  least he's voiced  by Oscar de León. A beloved latino salsa singer who just happens to be  a  tall  black bald guy.
The description of what it's like for voice actors had me sitting here like, "huh.. Why does that sound so famili- Wait! That's DND!!"  XD
Can you guys do A Goofy Movie next? It’s a classic road trip movie and I’d love to hear you all discuss the father-son dynamic!
This and the Incredibles were my top favorite films growing up
I hope and long to see one with Avatar: The Last Airbender (animated), the other being Cat's Don't Dance, The Nightmare before Christmas, (Jim Carrey) The Grinch, (Jim Carrey) A Christmas Carol, and the animated movie Sing.
You guys should do A Little Princess 1995, The Secret Garden 1993, and Matilda 1996
Official head cannon: Tired of not understanding Tony Stark's snarky callbacks, Old Steve Rogers became obsessed with learning and making pop culture references on his second trip through life, and Emperor's New Groove was a favourite of his.
will you use the Old Man Rogers meme? Kuzco: No, I don't think I will. 16:21
Something about the delivery of the line "Don't shake unless you mean it" just makes me think that John Goodman could tell me to do anything in that tone and I would follow it to the letter lol.
Literally just wrote on a flashcard and put on my desk "If you keep pushing people away eventually they will let you." But also I would love for you guys to go over the character of Patcha and Kronk and how they are a great representation of non toxic masculinity.
Smack talking monarchy, huh? The vast majority of human history has been under chieftains, Lords, Kings, Emperors. A million monarchs we never even heard of. Many were bever recorded, but many were like most people in general: just trying to do their part the best they could. In Belgium, we had two extreme Kings back to back: Leopold II, scumbag supreme (though even he operated in a context where his actions were not THAT much worse than normal), and Albert I, an absolute hero. Sure, eventually it inevitably goes wrong. Except we've seen democracy go wrong, too. I guess things will go wrong as long as people are fallible.
Hlo😊
Spade, Goodman *and* Warburton??? Damn, I need to watch this.
A video on my favorite movie ever? And I’m two days late?! Damn you YouTube algorithm!!
Emperor's New Groove was groundbreaking for a "mainstream" animated movie to be meta and 4th wall breaking. And it does an amazing job of mixing in traditional comedy beats - the diner and family home. *chef's kiss* And it not only does one goody buddy journey, it does 2 - Kuzco and Pacha and Yzma and Kronk. It was so ahead of it's time
Can we spare a moment for some Kronk love? He's my favorite evil sidekick ever, and he gets the BEST most appropriate lovestory in Kronk's new groove
Much underappreciated movie. It's great that more people have given it a chance. It's so weird, quirky and funny. Whoever wrote it was a genius, because they did so much right.
4:51 Woop *whistle* meme 🫵
as a Peruvian, i absolutely adore Emperors New Groove. The patterns in their clothing, and even the setting itself is accurate to ancient Peru. Also Kusco's name is a huge reference in itself.
"I'm gonna kick you out so I can build what I want to build there" is literally what's going on in Palestine right now.
oh how i wish everybody could have te experience of watching  and fully understanding this movie dubbed in brazilian portuguese.  me and my sister use the whole bit when he is choosing his fiance to this day   "Odiei seu cabelo, chupou limão, jaburu, jaburei, jaburanga e, ja sei, você tem graaande personalidade..."
Can you cover "Ghost in the Shell" not the live action and not immediately but  you know at some point.
As a crocheter, I really find the "knitting/crochet" part really funny. But the frog maybe mean a lot more, since "frogging" in knitting/crochet mean undoing something (because we rib it, "ribbit" like the frog!). So maybe it can also mean that Kuzco is starting to undoing his behavior.
I think change on this scale is all about pain tolerance. You don't necessarily need to hit rock bottom, but you do need to get to the point where the pain of things staying the same is greater than the pain of changing.
This is the one Disney movie that I still have on my bucket list, so I'm not watching this video. Not yet. But I have a request...  Can you do Psychology of a Hero on Jack Reacher? (Amazon version with Ritchson, because in the Tom Cruise movies Tom just plays his usual action hero. It's good, but it's not very specific.) What's up with his decision make no permanent connections, accumulate no material things and leave no administrative trace? Is that a weird prepper distrust of the evil State kinda thing, or is it a paranoid compulsion, or something else? Is he on the autism spectrum? How is he so comfortable with hurting people, without having that spill over in his relationships?  Cheers, fan of your channel! (And when I do get around to watching New Groove, I'll get back to this video.)
Okay, after watching this, especially the ending, I wanna see a Cinema Therapy video about Kronk 😂 There’s a movie called Kronk’s New Groove, sooooo there’s an idea for ya XP
"uhuh uhuh uhuh" after he snatched patcha from the crumbling ground is the only thing that slipped into my vocabulary. lol i absolutely loved this movie when i was a kid.
Emperor's New Groove needs to have MORE popularity, its so hilarious
I also love stories of people fighting their own conscience. Look at Peter B. Parker from Spiderverse! "Everything's about me, I just want to go home." *30 minutes later*  "That was AMAZING, Miles, I am so proud of you! ...do I want kids?!"
I think another key thing about Kuzco saving Pacha, is that it's not just that he does something selfless to save someone else or help someone else, it's that he does so, and actually feels GOOD about it. Because it's him, whether he realizes it or not, enjoying the feeling of being a good person, as shown when he does one of his victory dances after saving him.
Amazing video guys. First time seeing this channel and already loving it.
You need to do an episode about Kronk now! The nicest guy in the world!
i would love to see you two analyze and pick apart the mask
The psychologist’s biceps were really bicep’ing in this video
Please do a video on "when marnie was there" is my all time favorite ghibli movie and it is nothing but therapy for the soul...🥲
Film is made out of chemicals. Specifically, cellulose or polyester.
I always thought Kusco was played by Jason Schwartzman... Does anyone hear it??
awesome
i wish i could do an episode with yall lol. as a person who has hit rock bottom and is still trying to change i love your episodes im also planning to be a psychiatist so thhats a plus lol.
Me: Love you guys so incredibly much, want to share you with everyone, want to support you in any way that I can (can't commit to patreon unfortunately) Also me: Could let the ad play on for your benefit but it's too long and I can't wait 30 seconds to keep on listening to you 😅
do 500 days of summer!
Good stuff
Gotta love the Kronk impressions! My brother and i watched this movie so much when it came out that we used to recite whole scenes from memory!
Have you guys done an episode on Lars and the Real Girl?
John and Alan-I know it’s a TV show, but since the SAG strike is officially over, can you cover the HBO show “THE LAST OF US”? It’s such a good show and is a beautiful story about learning to love again and healing through grief. Also-Pedro Pascal and Bella Ramsey are amazing together-those 24 Emmy nominations are so deserved!
I crochet and I'm geeking out pretty hard over that scene 😂❤🧶
The Last Emperor would have been a good choice for talking about narcissism cuz both puyi and kuzco have what I call” the chosen one complex “
Lol, my dad still talks in squirrel on occasion XD
😂😂😂😂😂 oh I love you guys so much!! (And the whole team too!) ❤
I love watching your videos but I’m waiting for you to do the Never Ending Story
Can you guys do one on revenge? Princess Bride and other stories with revenge plots within them?
So I should turn my kuzko into a lamar😅.
The start of this video, especially at 8:25, practically speaks about what is happening to displaced and oppressed Palestinians right now. Think about it. Over 10,000 innocent Palestinian civilians bombed in 1 month.. Free Palestine y'all✌
Never try to change a narcissist. I was friends with one for years. She blamed me for everything wrong with her life. I tried so hard to convince her I was a good person; doing favors for her, complimenting her, building her up...etc. but I finally realized after graduating college that she was never going to see me as a good person or friend. Just the villain in her own narrative. She openly admitted to being a narcissist and said she was special and the only true good person in the world. A few months after I broke contact my mom died. She tried to reach out but I had so much going on I didn't respond. A mural friend (although the mural friend was slowly cutting contact with her too) told her she didn't need to worry about the funeral, and should focus on her new job instead. The day of my mom's funeral her mom posted on Facebook about how evil people can be and how her daughter was so gracious and mature for trying to "reach out to someone who is hurting even though they are lashing out"    It was a lot to say the least.
woah woah i need an elaboration on the whole Sting making them change the ending thing lmao
Kronk is one of the best supporting characters, I think.  And even after all these years, we quote that movie. “Yay! I’m a llama again!!…Wait.”
I wish you had Gone deeper not only on the meta aspect of Kuzco talking to himself, but what he said:  that's the true turning point for his character. At least mentioned Yzma and her role in the nurturing of Kuzco which encouraged the negative aspects of his character.
This is great time bucks😮
When my uncle made me watch Tommy Boy for the first time (a VERY funny movie by the way) and David Spade’s character Richard started talking, I was like “why is this guy so familiar?” And then like five minutes in it finally clicked and I realized “This is Kuzco!” And it was weird to see Spade in a more adult movie 😂😂😂
Please do a video on Ladybird!!!
Lama face
This movie is my childhood! I always love watching it and we always watch it/quote it when we can! Great video!
My daughter was with a narcissist for a number of years and finally broke up with him a couple of months before their wedding date. They got back together maybe a year later and the guy REALLY DID CHANGE. I'm still surprised that he actually changed since I've been around a lot of those who promise they've changed but haven't at all.
What was the ending of the show??? Towards the end of production, the film's ending originally had Kuzco building his Kuzcotopia amusement park on another hill by destroying a rainforest near Pacha's home and inviting the former and his family to visit. Horrified at the ending, Sting commented "I wrote them a letter and said, 'You do this, I'm resigning because this is exactly the opposite of what I stand for. I've spent 20 years trying to defend the rights of indigenous people and you're just marching over them to build a theme park. I will not be party to this.' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Emperor%27s_New_Groove
I think Holes would be a good movie to cover. It deals alot with fate and the mindset whether what happens to us in life is due to the actions of others, ourselves, or bad luck. Stanley blames his family "curse" for everything that happens to him but chooses at the end to take a more active role in his destiny. I think there could be a good discussion here
15:49 If Kuzco hadn't turned back to retort to Pacha about the handshake, he wouldn't have fallen down in the ropes with Pacha and the rest of his development wouldn't have happened, and Yzma likely would've killed him herself. The rest of the movie happened because Kuzco, true to his initial jerk state, just wanted to gloat.
The Emperor’s New Groove is the only movie I’ve seen that breaks the 4th wall and does it well.
Great video! Now do The Little Princess!
You guys should watch a monster calls. Makes me cry every time.
A dublagem br desse filme é incrível  😅 🇧🇷
They say that its a good script but there wasn't actually a script for this move till after it aired and disney asked for one for their archives. They they had to run around and grab everyone's notes and write down a lot fo the stuff that was just improvised. The writers just yes and eachother the whole time.
Speaking of lines from this movie making into our every day dialogue: My sister was about 5 when this came out and she started saying “Don’t know, don’t care, learned it from the Groove” whenever we asked her a question or to do something 😆 we still say it years later.
The opening music number for the Latam Spanish dub is better
What I took from this video is that my mom has to really hit rock bottom before she'll ever be able to change. But since she's not turning into a llama anytime soon I should continue to let her create her own chaos and just let the hope of a loving mom go.
u guys gotta do the interity of attack on titan
I still have this on VHS
I think there's an alternate timeline where Pacha started a peasant revolt.
Do you only do movies? I'm watching "Kevin Can F Himself" and it seems perfect for relationship analysis.
❤
❤
Alright, now that you are reacting to underrated 2000's movies, can you also review Brother Bear?
It's been argued the bit of Kuzco arguing against his own voice-over is basically the new him (still a narcissist but having grown a surprising bit of empathy) calling out his unempathic narcissistic self directly and rejecting that old part of him. Oh, also, the "I did not hear any singing" gag at the end is a meta joke as well since songs were planned for the movie but most were cut out, so there really wasn't any singing during Kuzco's adventure proper.
One of my very favorite animated movies of all time. Def underrated as far as Disney goes but there is a cult following that will never let it die... along with How to Train Your Dragon.
23:30 This. 100%  I am not a psychologist not even remotely but I have met several people with different issues (diagnosed by professionals) and one of my mistakes was to believe that I can change them without setting boundaries and preventing them to get to their lowest point would help. No.  Alcoholism is a prime example. As hard as it is: Rock bottom is sometimes the only way. Some people need to be at their lowest point otherwise they see/ feel no  importance to change something.
SO THIS IS WHERE NO TOUCHIE COMES FROM!!!! its been stuck in my vocab for like 15 years and i didnt know where it came from XD
Red dot on chair driving me CRAZY
Nice
21:34 Jono: L + Ratio + Projecting, Couping + didnt ask
Such a treasure. Still a funny film
In a similar vein, you guys should look at Klaus this year for the holidays. That movie is super underseen and underrated and it is so good. Very much about how the practice of doing good can lead to actual desire to do good. Plus, the filmmaking is stupid amazing. It's 2D, but they did some super awesome lighting work to make it look 3D. The lighting is jaw dropping.
Do you think y'all could cover a episode on dissociation?
20:52 I wouldn't exactly see that as "happiness" versus "depression" if you genuinely laugh at a joke. It's called coping despite the circumstances you're in. You can be depressed and still laugh at a joke.
every story how this film was made is more wild than the other. one) apparently there was no script and disney only found out because they usually file it away when it's done. two) they locked animators into a room, forgot about them and they produced emperors grove on a string of "this looks fun, if this happens here, what needs to happen before?"
Just a note, Emperor's New Groove isn't before Edgar Wright's career. It wasn't as globally acclaimed when it was originally aired, but he made a show called Spaced with both Simon Pegg and Nick Frost. Absolute banger of a show, highly recommend it, my favorite episode is the Resident Evil episode. I'm not going to say anything further for spoilers, it's an absolute trip. 😁👌
My crush is an NPD i don't want to see her sad, when she seems at the bottom, she shorts her hair and looks devastated i come to help and she immediately treats me like dirt. The real pain is everyone around her believes i staying away is helping her. Real person can help NPD is them self
Jonathan's Patrick Warburton impression is on point!
This movie is even better In Brazilian Portuguese
Jono trying to sound like Yzma sounds like King Candy 😂
I would love for you guys to talk about autism! I think a good movie might be the accountant, I’m autistic and its not a perfect representation but i see a lot of accuracy there!
So I know The Unicorn Store is not popular, and maybe you have too much planned already to do it, or just don’t want to, but if at all possible I would love to see you guys cover The Unicorn Store
"No I don't think I will" - Steve Rogers
The squeakem thing is something we say to each other all the time. "Where is my acorn?" "squeak squeakum" XD
Cinema Therapy making a video about narcissism. Wow. Innovative.
20:15 - Yeah this "if I can make someone laugh and then i can prove they can be happy" this is the only thing getting me through the current depression. There's been several moments when in this struggle when I cannot feel happy, but then I come across something stupid that actually makes me laugh. Out loud. (and then after I'm done feeling bad about feeling good for a moment) I can get through it, it just sucks right now.   (Current depression source: My 10yo cat is dying from cancer and she's the only reason I survived the last decade. She's my life)
28:20 You guys did not have to come for my man Sting like that 😂😂
Please try Brother Bear next~  Please. It is so underrated! ❤️❤️❤️
How? I literally just rewatched this movie a few days ago and NOW you release a video on it? How, what, why? Sometimes such coincidences baffle me 😅😂
This movie is so good! SOme of the best villains Disney has ever creator, amazing comedy, and great main characters :3
Love Hard
D&D wise he's Chaotic Evil in the beginning.
My favorite serious line from this movie is when Pacha says, "One day, you'll wake up all alone and you'll have no one to blame but yourself."  That hit hard as a kid and it hits harder as an adult who has seen people grow apart due to selfishness.
Love this movie, now we need a Kronk episode 😂
John Goodman is SO GOOD, man!
You touched on this towards the end, but I feel it bears repeating that people in positions like this DON'T CHANGE unless they're basically forced to. Not necessarily by a person, sometimes life does it on its own, but a person in a cushy job like Emperor, getting everything they could possibly want, with no major difficulties in life, has NO reason to ruin all that by fundamentally changing themselves and their behavior. There's no drive, nothing to be gained, and a whole lot to be lost.  As a writer I've had to dig into this concept for the sake of my characters, particularly one villain with way too much power, and way too much reason to use that power to hurt others. The protagonist tries to get her to play nice all throughout the story, but there's no leverage to use, since she has every reason to believe doing so will make things worse for her. Only when that power is finally stripped away does she have reason to consider it. Because NOW she has everything to gain by accepting, and everything to lose by refusing. Only when the hero held the power over the villain did the villain have any reason or desire to change.  As vicious as it sounds when I word it this way, this really is how you have to handle people in real life who abuse their power over others: You have to strip that power away to nothing, and only THEN do you offer it back on strict conditions. Pacha stood up to Kuzco when they first met, but was escorted away by armed guards who overpowered him. It only affected Kuzco when Pacha was the one who had the power over him instead. Likewise, people in high positions of government, (the real life path to True Power) who are only in it to benefit themselves, will never stop abusing that power unless it's very specifically beneficial for them to do so. Which it very much isn't. So the rest of society needs to force the issue. Just....don't become the new villain in the process.
I appreciate the love shown for this movie!! I watched the whole struggle journey of how it was made, apparently there were a lot of rewrites, cuts, and disappointments with the people involved and they weren’t that proud of it… but it was one of my favorite childhood movies and I hope they know how many people ended up loving it. All the voice actors were perfectly cast, honestly one of my favorite castings of nearly ANY movie! They may have struggled, but they put together a movie that people still quote to this day 🥰 Alan touched on one of the hangups at the very end with Sting 😂 another Peruvian movie would be amazing with the more serious tone, but I’m so glad they dropped a lot of the seriousness for humor in this one  Oh and to folks that love this movie, I always want to recommend Pachamama (on Netflix currently) as well, really cool and more accurate portrayal of ancient Peruvian and Aztec culture. It’d make a great feature for an episode as well. Could talk about coming of age, maturity, competition. Idk just the struggles of childhood that transcend culture
I love to point out that well yes Kuzco is a narcissist because look who ends up raising him, Yzma does.
I'm an empath and do have narcissists in my life who abuse me and use me. Pacha: empath,  Kuzco: Narcissist
the line just before the waterfall is one of the greatest lines ever written and it could only be delivered by David Spade.  The casting in this movie couldn't be more spot on.
I must tell you, the Brazilian dub for this movie makes it ten times funnier. I die watching it in Brazilian Portuguese. "... e deixa eu adivinhar, você tem uma grande personalidade" same thing with Home on the range witch in Portuguese was named  "Nem que a vaca tussa" (Not even if the cow coughs, the Brazilian equivalent of When Pigs Fly).
💜💜💜💜💜💜
Greatest and most hilarious movie of all time
character breakdown of Kronk!!!!
This is the one movie I just cannot watch in the original audio...
the line from this movie that gets repeated in our family ALL THE TIME is "wrong lever! why do we even haven lever?" (for context, our two cars have shifters in different places and I inevitably forget what car I'm driving every time!)
Honestly I like the TV series because you get to see him have room to grow and by the last episode I remember being a child who saw it all and thinking "Kuczo is going to be a good emperor".
Thank you for using your own self-made subtitles. The language of my country cannot be displayed on YouTube subtitle translation recently.  YouTube can only translate if the video creator has attached subtitles.  By the way, I really like your films. The exploration of the characteristics and the solution to the mental problems have made me grow.  Thank you very much.😄😄😄
One of my party tricks was to quote this entire movie VERBATIM.
Still to this day, it’s one of my favorite movies that I watch every few months.
Joe Dirt? Please?
This is why when you raise kids you have to say no cause if you don't you get  a kuzco
This is literally my favorite Disney movie. I feel like the voice acting is so good and it's so goofy and different. My family and I quote it all the time. 😂
Have you guys done a video on the Charlie and the Chocolate Factory? Also the old and new Matilda
The younger kids are, the less they understand empathy. It's actually hard for them to get that it hurts others if they for example hit Them. In their head, they themself don't feel pain. There is nothing there. How would the others feel something that doesn't seem to exist? That's probably why they are "narcistic" in some way
This is one of my favorite movies growing up. David spade doesn't get enough credit for how good of an actor he is.
"Why, I practically raised him!" "Yeah, you'd've thought he would've turned out better."
I hope they do video games as well because there are good characters to talk about
I like that Kuzco doesn't just flat out apologize to Pacha at the end. If he did, his redemption would be hard to buy. Instead, the movie reminds us that Kuzco is still, well, Kuzco. It's too much of a stretch for him to apologize outright, but coming up with a reason why he decides not to do it is definitely in character for him.
I honestly wish I could watch *every movie* in existence with these two gentleman! I will say that this template is very much like my husband and I. We pause all the time during a show or movie to discuss the psychology of characters, storyline, costuming, the plot, etc 😂❤  If we had company~ it could be _really_ annoying but we love it!!
How did I not see this yesterday lol I’m even subscribed 😂😂
6:58
I wonder if you considered saying "wrong lever" for the closing
Please do meet the robinsons next
This channel is one of my most favourites and I love the way it let's me sit with my own feelings for a while.
I still never get why an old man got thrown out of window could survive 😂
I love this movie❤ maybe you can do an episode about Yzma and Krunk? 😃
When the emperor hits rock bottom, he tends to bounce up.
You guys should do road to el dorado. Would be cool. Also the voice actors did a lot of the recordings together and it shows.
I love Kuzco, such a great... banana, yeah, but great ! I actually never saw it in english before. In french, Kuzco speaks about a "birthday present from me, to me. How could I ever thank me ?". And I love that line so much ! Voice acting is great too, and the humour is spot on, all over it, so my salute to the entire translation team, they really got the vibe from the original.
The only reasons Kuzco isn't the villain of the movie are 1. He's willing to change and 2. Yzma is a lot worse.
Oh I love this move so much!
This is definitely one of my favorite Disney films of the ‘00s. Kuzko has great character development. Pacha was the teacher he needed.   Hope to see Disney Tarzan reaction to see how man can live in two worlds and what does family mean in tribalism
I always find myself randomly saying "Pull the lever Kronk"  "WRONG LEVERRRRRRRRR"
I love the second movie as well, not as good as this one, but it was all about Kronk who is just amazing ❤
28:23 Sting made them change the ending because they alternate ending was cutting down the forest of another hill and making it there and Sting was like I'm trying to fight logging in the Amazon, not encourage it! He also only agreed to do it if his wife could make the behind the scenes footage.
16:00 OMG it makes me so happy that lines from this movie have made it into other family's vocab too 😂 we didnt even watch this movie a lot growing up but a lot of quotes have become part of our family conversations. For us it was especially the German version of "still not listeniiiing" 😂😂
Why it's no wonder Johno and Al liked this movie just as much as The Bad Guys. Both films describe how kindness and integrity are inborn human qualities, but sometimes, some people do not notice when they do it.
I so hope they do a video on Krunk. I don't know about what could be, I just want the best boy of this movie to get his own video. Squeaky squeak squeaking
16:42 As someone who saw the French version, the changes are interesting. In the waterfall scene, Kuzco doesn't scream Booyah! he just shrieks.  As anyone would do on a roller coaster, but it's unclear and sounds more like he's terrified, so the anticipation to the next scene is very different.
Love love love this episode
I keep thinking about what your thoughts would be on 'whisper of the heart', 'meet the robinsons', and 1980s 'arthur'.
How did we not see the “Kuzko turned into llama” scene??
David spade can shine in the right roles on his own, but I've always felt he really worked so much better paired.  Thats part of why I think he worked so well here, letting pacha and kuzco act as foils to one another reminds me so much of his days paired in films with Chris farley.
I really don’t like this movie except any time Patrick Warburton gets to speak. That man is a gem. Always a win.
Been waiting all day to watch this. I freaking love this movie
I watched the emperor's new groove a lot as a young child. A few years ago I watches it for the first in ten years or so and I love how well this movie aged. As an adult I could appreciatie the humor way more (just like with Shrek, I did not like it as a child but now I do). Kronk, Yzma and Kuzco Patcha, his wife and childeren are just so iconic. 😄  Dis you know there is a disney series of Kuzco with him going to high school?
Often, when we show love and compassion for those who "don't deserve it," they begin to understand and give it back. It may not come back to you, but it will come out in their lives.
Thank you so much for your videos! I love your content and like how I can explore myself and my emotions alongside your video reviews! I was in a psychological abusive relationship with a narcissist and am a big Disney nerd. I love this movie but didn‘t really build the connection (I guess because I have seen it so often as a child and still just watched it for a good laugh)  When you said that a big twist point for Kuzko was when Pacha stood up for himself, I vividly remembered a scene with my ex when I was fed up by his constant yelling, threatening, destroying things etc. that I finally stopped apologizing and yelled back. He stood there like a beaten up puppy with big eyes and was speechless. I never felt so powerful in my life 😂 unfortunately he didn‘t turn into a lama and didn‘t change. After almost 3 years I left him and got some therapy.
Good to know that quotes from this movie are daily occurrences in your life too. I’m not crazy 🤣🤣
Oh yeah, it’s all coming together
19:42 Kuzco's face here reminds me of Homer Simpson at the dining table in a burglar outfit.
17:17 *criterion
I absolutely ADORE this movie, it's my favorite thing in the world. I could talk about it for hours, but one thing I thought I'd explain that I haven't seen in the comments is Alan's off-hand comment about Sting changing the end of the movie So the whole production was a mess, it was originally supposed to be an epic musical, like the next Lion King with all the songs written by Sting. However with all the turbulent production everything was changed and all of Sting's songs were cut except for Perfect World and My Funny Friend and Me (the credits song). So that's why Sting was involved with the movie at all.  The original end was going to be Kuzco building the whole Kuzcotopia waterpark epic summer getaway like he had originally planned, just on a different hilltop. Sting didn't like that, and felt that it would make Kuzco's change feel less real and less impactful. So he wrote a letter to the executives or whatever expressing his concerns, and it was changed to the ending we got, which I have to agree is a much better ending.
Attempt #3 to make you guys watch the anime movie "Ride your wave" by Reiko Yoshida. It's a beautiful film about loss, grief and overcoming the obstacles in your life to become independent. Love your channel and keep going!
A fourth wall break within a fourth wall break. That's like 16 walls.
So...funny thing..I am pretty sure they were in the same room with each other, because there was no script..this movie was a fever dream to put together, apparently..
Do Yzma and Kronk
3:26 That's absolute monarchy for you
Kronk & Yzma + co-dependency next, please!
It's my all time favorite move BUT the best dubbing is the Polish one. Nothing can beat Polish voice acting in this movie, just a masterpiece of all times.
This was one of Disney’s best movies  That scene with the babies and the kiss stamp hhahaha 😂 and yzma is one of disneys best villains
Disney's experimental era is fascinating. Don't know if this is part of that era, but Return To Oz (1985) is amazing!
Omg! I love this movie 😍
I know you guys don't do video games but I kinda want to see a video on Cloud Strife from the 1997 version
You guys NEED to talk about Kronk and Yzma and codependence
My brother is a minister and always bringing home random people for the holidays. One of them, Martin, I'm certain is a narcissist. He was constantly interrupting and always redirected conversations back to him and how good he was at everything. That was annoying but then his behavior became more troubling.    A friend of ours is a musical prodigy and a lot of our guests requested he sing and play various songs on his guitar. Martin suddenly began to bang on our piano during the songs (not playing along, just making noise).  When asked to stop, he just kept banging away. When we closed the lid to the keyboard and piled books on it, Martin immediately came back and moved the books to open the lid. Someone eventually sat down on the lid and stared him down. Martin went outside, slamming the door. He eventually returned with a harmonica he'd just bought, which he blew on loudly during every song, in between telling everyone what a good musician he was.   I repeatedly told him to stop. At first he tried to say it was only bothering me but other people agreed they wanted him to stop. He said that he lived life his way and everyone just had to deal with it. I said no we didn't and his face lost all expression. He snapped (this is verbatim), "I've never let a woman tell me what to do and I'm not going to start now."  I shot back, "This woman owns this house. You don't like it, there's the door." His face went red and he stepped toward me and I'm absolutely certain he wanted to hit me.  But a couple of men watching started to cross the room and my brother got between us. Martin sat down, put the harmonica away, and sulked. We mostly ignored each other for the rest of the night, but a while later Martin started playing "My Way" by Sinatra on his phone every time I entered the room (which is just so petty it actually amused me).  I'm sure I could have handled it better but I honestly don't know how. My brother swore he would never bring him back but now Martin knows where I live. Any advice on what I should do if I do see Martin again?
This movie is one of my "Forever Favourits"❤😂
I just saidto myself  yesterday that i would really like to see you talk about the emperor’s new groove, and kuzco, and today you did! Thank you for making my day :)
Now I want to see Villain therapy with Yzma
Cool
Cool
Oh wow, after such patreon presentation, i now wanna buy it And seems it went   spicy😳
I love this movie, and I love what y'all had to say about it. And yeah, narcissists don't usually change. I grew up with some. 😬
I was on a band trip to Disney when this came out and got to watch at the Disney theater. It was really the best part of the whole trip. We still quote many one liners from this movie.
when I thought Kuzco was overacting jerk then I accidentally bumping to unrelated historian who explain emperor of Mayan (or Inca...) they living total spoiled, his food everyday worth of a year for peasant, and his cloth always woven new everyday and literal way never touching same clothes twice EVER
As someone who has been cheated on in every relationship, I don't look for signs of cheating, until cheating occurs. And I have yet to meet anyone who is genuinely willing to be faithful. Even the guy I'm with has cheated on me at least once every year we've been together.
What to do when you live with a narcissist? 🥲
BOOM BABY! 💜
Omg I loved this video so much! This is one of my fav movies ever, even though it was weird for me to hear the dialogues in English cause I've grown watching it in Spanish hahaha, but I can def see the charm too! Thank you guys! 💜
Have they done 90’s and early 2000s coming of age movies, like “Little Manhattan,” “My Girl,” or “ Jack the Bear”?
I just need to point out, I’m offended the final sign off from you two wasn’t, “Krrrunk! Pull the levuh!”…. “Wrong Levuh— ahhh!”  -signed, heartbroken millennial ❤️   But in all seriousness, love this film and love watching y’all break down movies. You are truly a significant part in my journey to understand my emotional and mental state. Keep on making magic!
There is some great humor and the character development and writing is fantastic.
Alan: "I'm a narcissist"  Also Alan: *cries when a puppy in hungry* Well, I hope every other narcissist out there is as compassionate as you
Is there a Borderline Personality Disorder episode? This one was so good!
One thing I absolutely LOVE about this movie is that by the halfway point, the movie takes any ounce of logic and THROWS it out the window (kinda like the old guy at the beginning)
Yzma is what Kuzco could have been if he didn’t have Pacha’s positive influence. She’s truely an unrepentant narcissist, only showing any thought for others when the guard who has turned into a cow asks to go home and that’s more for a gag than any character material on her part. Kuzco needs to demonstrate the teamwork he’s learned with Pacha to restore his human form, while Yzma loses because Kronk found an unexpected hatchway (and a very unexpected trampoline delivery).  Kronk is Pacha’s foil, the doormat Yzma walks all over but unlike Pacha he doesn’t understand boundaries and doesn’t try to make Yzma better, he takes everything in his stride. His only trigger is his spinach puffs being insulted, even his shoulder Angel agrees that’s a declaration of war. But he is amazing like this and we wouldn’t want him any other way.
I'd absolutely love to see a couple more videos about this movie, especially one on Pacha and Chicha as a great example of a solid and healthy marriage. (Or on how amazing they are as parents. Seriously, it's one of the only Disney movies with two living parents, and definitely the only appearance of a badass pregnant mom.) It could also be cool to explore the differences between Kuzco and Yzma. I think they're both narcissists, but he is able to change (perhaps because he is exposed to a great role model while he's still a teenager), and she's not.
Kronk anybody?
The original ending was that Kuzco was going to build Kuzotopia on the hill next to the one Pacha's village is located, and invite Kuzco and his entire village for a fun time. Even if Sting is an enviromentalist and doesn't like the idea of deforestation, that wasn't the reason he wanted the ending to be changed. He felt that Kuzco didn't learn anything from the whole experienced, so the final ending is that Kuzco builds a simple shack next to Pacha's hill and spends time with his family, to show that Kuzco has humbled himself down a bit, kinda taking a break from his otherwise extravagant life as an emperor.
Sorry but your Eezma was more like King Candy. Gonna need more practice before Alan casts you in his animated films. ;P
Patcha is basically the dad friend he needed
Yzma and Kronk really need villain therapy
12:43 Coke!
Did anyone here also watch emperors new school?  Basically when Kuzco needs to get a degree in order to continue as emperor so he ends up in this Junior College/high school situation.
I think he covertly apologized as a narcissist not because he couldn't just say he was sorry, but rather, that's the communication style he needed to master to talk to Pacha. When Kuzco tried directly telling Pacha he's gonna do something nice, Pacha didn't believe him at first: that's why they shook on it. He may not have had a complete change in character in 3 days, but after spending 3 days with only one person, without the influence of others, makes it easy to learn how to talk to that person
there is a lot to unpack with this movie but you covered some good things in this video
1:10 To be fair, the Japanese movie studio Toho was originally named Photo Chemical Laboratory (or PCL for short). So that’s actually not too far fetched.
Narcasists I thought, were incapable of changing- Kuzco to me was a product of his enviroment- in this respect I'd think he'd be more in line with an egomaniac (which ARE capable of change) rather than a narcasist.
.......so who was going to tell me that Kuzco and the Invisible Man are the same actor
I have quoted the "Uh, I turned into a cow. Can I go home?" bit that the guard says whenever I want to go home from work... so at least once a week.
Another good video indeed 😌😌  I hope to se in the nearby future a video about Sulley and Mike friendship evolution from both monster inc and monster university because rewatching them recently I’ve noticed how certain things in their relationships still lingered and some trait of their personalities transferred to one another
You have done a couple episodes on DID because it gets more flashy attention, but is there a way to get attention for its quieter cousin Internal Family Systems? I feel like John and Alan could really dive into the effects of a traumatic childhood that leaves a person feeling like there are parts of themselves they aren't allowed to let others see and leaves that person developing personality facades that hide the trauma. Trying to think of a good movie that shows those personality shifts being used to cover trauma and the first one that comes to mind is Band Slam. It even has one of the characters calling another character a mirror who only shows the parts of himself that he thinks others want to see.
1:11 ALAN. FILM REELS ARE AND CAN BE FLAMABLE! it wouldnt surpise me that at some point before digital conversion and even for historical purposes that Disney still has flamable reels and negatives
So what's the difference between his kind of narcissism and being spoiled?
Please do episodes on Kronk and Yzma! I don't exactly know what can be psychologically unpacked there, but I need you guys to react to the comedic genius of Patrick Warburton and Eartha Kitt in this movie!
a movie suggestion PERFECT for THIS "narcissism  Nature and Nurture" is Star Trek: Nemesis!
I learned that the movie could have been different. I learned that Cuzco and Patch were going to be the same age and that Cuzco falls for Patchas wife. I also learned that it could have been a darker movie. But I still love this version
I was bestfriends with a narcissist for about 5 to 6 years and at first she seemed really kind and empathetic, we had a great time together, until she found a lover. After that I was like air to her, she treated me horrible. She snapped out of nowhere, only had time for me when he was out without her, it was all about her. She showed her true self
As an autisic human I say the no touchy line almost daily!
It's not a matter of humility - it's a matter of empathy.  Someone elsewhere commented that to make great art, you need to be empathetic and the reason that people who face great challenges in their life often create incredible art is because they have been put in a position that they cannot avoid becoming incredibly empathetic.
Oh damn.... that solutions based therapy section just opened a door in my brain 😮
24:12 this! Is is why I love David Spade! Cause I know he can do this level of comedy and somehow make it work!
watch the kronk movie toooo, its amazing (well maybe not amazing but the raisin bread dance is unmatched)
I miss this movie as well as Road to El Dorado, the animation in both had so much personality!
My ex wife was like that; I actually think she is borderline personality disocierea, but she is very close to NPD I finally put in my boundries un place, so she cut me off from my children whom I haven't seen for over a year now
How awesome would it be if you guys did Psychology of a Villian with Eyzma or Kronk. What a hilarious episode that would be.
Great video!
I say "no touchy" all the time lol
This is one of my favorite movies of all time! if you don't know the story of how this movie got made and all the changes it went through please check it out it is really fascinating! great vid as always guys!
Is anyone else just saying all the dialogue with the clips during this cause you know this movie too well? No? Just me? Carry on 😅
love seeing some David Spade love! Tommy Boy's my all-time favorite movie, and this movie has been a favorite of mine for years at this point, too. he's easily my favorite comedian
This episode did exactly what it set out to do, but the lack of Kronk in an Emperor's New Groove video is criminal
The way I sum up this movie is literally to put it simply “out of context” and with the 4th wall breaking makes things hilarious, and the comedy for example Yzma doesn’t know how they got back first and even kronk brings the map and says “by all accounts it doesn’t make sense” lol
Hmm. Every time I watch a video about narcissism , I think of my ex-wife. She is much like a narcissist, but she doesn't show much sign of inflated ego. She is just completely wrapped up in herself.  There was very little empathy or willingness to take responsibility. Everything was fine as long as she could blame someone else.She really needs to control everything and treats our kids like her possessions.   I am not sure if the lack of inflated ego means not NPD or just not textbook.
Yeeeesssssss my favorite movie! :D
What a perfect episode for a babble sponsor, they might not be able to teach you squirrel but you can learn a new language in just a week lol
I never understood why Disney tried to kill this movie. It seems like it became a classic.
Loved this! I work with a narcissist, and it gave me a lot of insite on it.
Have they reviewed Cars before?
Man... All of your videos have helped me learn and grow so much throughout these years of becoming a young adult. After watching your Pirates of the Caribbean video, I realize that at one point in my life I had narcissistic personality disorder myself. I'm not really sure what changed in me, beause I wasn't always that selfish, I actually used to be a pretty nice guy. Sometime during middle school after I met my group of best friends, I found myself thinking that I was better than a lot of people because I was such a good person, which led me to becoming a narcissist. I still genuinely cared for all of them and didn't take advantage of them at the time, but after COVID hit, something just changed in me.   Then I came across this channel, and it helped me learn and grow so much through my favorite passion art and animation! Thank you so much Alan and Jonathan! ❤❤❤
If you like this movie at all and have an interest in movie production. (I'm looking at a certain one of you. 👀) Please look up the documentary The Sweatbox. It was made during the production of this movie and shows the nightmare it was to create. Disney tries to sweep it under the rug so you won't find it anywhere legally but it is an important movie that needs to be watched by anyone with an interest in animation or movie production. I'd actually love to see you guys react to it but it would be a very different episode to the ones you usually make.
gotta love the subtitles on 10:44 "BeCaUsE uNlEsS yOu ChAnGe YoOr mInD, I'm NoT tAkinG yOu bAcK" lol
Why is it that each week's episode has a piece of what's going on in my life that I didn't know I needed to face? How do you guys do that?!
Do you guys should do an episode on Yzma and kronk in this, or do one on kronks new groove.
I feel happy
I was late to the game for this movie, ironically I still quoted it cause internet. But then when I got round to watching it, I still quote it, just more.
There is no growth without humility. There is no change without accountability.
I know you guys won’t see this, but I love you guys and your work! I’m an aspiring writer-actor and you guys breaking down characters has helped me write and perform a lot.  A film I think you guys should do is To Kill A Mockingbird because it’s not only a perfect movie with powerful performances and an equally powerful message, but Atticus in that movie is a near perfect father who I think would be a great subject for a video
Well, we know who grabbed this movie and ran with it, right? Eartha Kitt!
Is there a dead pixel on Jonathan's camera? I spent the entire video trying to figure out what the heck is wrong with my display lol.
Who else memorized the whole script of the Emperor's New Groove? - - - - - - - ->
Ahh, inching closer to the Speed Racer episode by association with John Goodman.   "It's all coming together."
Ahhh one of my favorite movies of all timeeee 😍 how does it remain so hilarious
Yay reviewing one of my favorites.
I'm pretty sure this movie barely had a script and they actually did have them all together though I'm not positive.
Thank you so much for explaining and noting its not an overnight change for narcissists to recover. I have always had wavering opinions on if Kuzco meant what he said from the start on his promise, so it was nice to hear you talk on that. I do wonder what you have to think on Kronk. I love rides we go on with him and his shoulder consciences.
David Spade is so good in this role it’s insane
I really enjoyed your lilo and stitch reaction! The emperor’s new groove is my new favorite Disney animation so am excited to see your reaction!! 😊
David Spade is Kusco. My daughter met him. He’s not a kind man. She met him at an airport and he resumed to give a young kid his autograph and basically pushed away from him. My daughter was a big fan of his before she saw the way he acted. I think that’s the reason he wasn’t bigger. He just turned into an ego maniac. This isn’t the only story I have heard. I don’t know the others personally though.
realizing this movie shaped a lot of my sense of humor when i was a kid lol
I think I must be at least a little bit of a narcissist, and my narcissism manifests in the form of self-hatred.
Pacha was a much needed father figure for Kuzco. I do appreciate you guys defining what it means to be a narcissistic. However, was Kuzco's worst than Gastons?
5:51 This moment, as short and brief as it is, is actually chilling. Pacha, a llama farmer and peasant, just told Kuzco, the *emporer,* that he "Can't" do something. The shock on Kuzco's face that some nobody would *dare* say "No" to him is great, then he goes on the quietest monologue: "When I give the word, you and your little town thingy will be... Bye-Bye." Then it swerves immediately into a chipper, "Bye-Bye!" I want David Spade to play this kind of villain, because shockingly, this was probably the best performance I've ever seen him do.
I’d say people who have been cheated on in the past are also most afraid of being cheated on because of the trauma.
Alan's addicted to Adobe
1] Kuzco started out as a prime example of what CAN happen, when enormous wealth and power is given to an eighteen-year-old. He's on the precise cusp between childhood and adulthood, which is where most people learn to be a real human being. Some of us have to go through an "animal" stage, in order to get there.  2] There are so many great compare-and-contrast moments between Kuzco, Pacha, and Yzma, who represent the extremes of his own personality. The difference in Yzma's case is that, where she's totally comfortable with looking people in the eyes as she ruins or kills them, Kuzco is not. He was probably not going to be present, when the village would've been destroyed. He wouldn't have actually seen the pain on the citizens' faces, which means he wouldn't have felt guilty. He was a total jerk in the verbal sense, one example being his digs about Yzma's age, but I couldn't see him poisoning somebody, as he spoke to them across the dinner table.   And 3] Which of you would be more likely to do the "Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh" dance, at some point in your everyday life?(11/7/2023)
This movie is a masterpiece!
I saw the title, the emperor's new... And got really excited about the nursery rhyme we're living through... The emperor's new clothes 😂🤪
The Michael Jordan don't do drugs cut caught me so off guard I choked on water. The 90's child in me greatly appreciated that.
Can you do Despicable Me next please!!!
YESSS!!! One of my all-time favorite movies.
I know this isn't what the video is about really but I liked your little sidebar of how hard voice actors have to work. I really REALLY wish Hollywood would end its love affair with getting big-name screen actors to do voice roles in literally everything and let the professional voice actors do what they're good at. Not throwing shade at screen actors who can do both and do it well, because those do exist. I'm just sick of seeing a name on a poster that's mainly there to sell tickets, and thinking how much better an actual voice actor would have done in that role.
Oh no, I need this. I'm an empath but I think I'm also a candidate for Echoism, so having self-focus, acting out of self-interest feels like it's sinful. Looking forward to watching this to see if I can see the differences explained in a  entertaining and educational way 😂🥳
kuzco was born to girlboss
David Spade is awesome in this, but the warmth in John Goodman’s voice as Pacha is also perfect! Not to mention Izma and Kronk.
I love these videos. I get a good chuckle when I watch some of them. And I learn from both of you in your respective fields.   I've got a couple reaction video ideas for you both. My suggestions are "Tuck Everlasting", "The Miracle Worker", the "Descendants" trilogy and "Diary of a Wimpy Kid".   "Tuck Everlasting" discusses the question of "Is living forever a blessing or a curse?" Winnie Foster, a 10-year-old, must decide if it's what she wants, since the spring in her wood grants immortality to anyone including animals, when she meets the Tucks. It's set around the 1890's. The movie is based on the novel by the same name.  "The Miracle Worker" is based on the true story and true events of Helen Keller.   "Descendants" is about the literal descendants of Disney villains.   "Diary of a Wimpy Kid" is based on the book. From what I can remember, it's about a boy named Greg and his middle school adventures. (I haven't seen this in years. But I remember it was very good. That's why I worded my description of the movie like this.
27:44 would you say that Pacha standing up for himself.... threw off Kuzco's groove?
I like when Alan draws out the intro, because you never know how he’s going to describe the movie and it’s hilarious.
I love this movie so much
Would love to see more reactions to Disney's experimental films~
Wait, you can't just drop a "String made them change the whole ending" line and then not elaborate.
In a 26m video I had 15 adds wtf YouTube
One thing you guys seemed to miss is this is the only Disney cartoon that is in WB drag. It really is a Loony Toons, Chuck Jones, type of cartoon. I know that this doesn't fit into the narrative that you are attempting to explain, but I think it is an important thing to notice.
This is a fantastic movie, one of my favorite underrated Disney movies.  I've been recently rewatching The Good Place and I wonder if you have checked that show out. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it if you've watched it, though I understand it's a bit much to cover in an episode.
This is a very surface level view on NPD that only encompasses the outwardly visible part of it. The behaviors we think of when we think of NPD are coping mechanisms for the actual issue underneath the ego. A person with NPD has no internal sense of self esteem and their baseline for their self worth is “I’m completely worthless” unless proven wrong by someone else. A lot of times, ppl with NPD were raised in environments that were emotionally cold or distant, and they only got praise or affection when they met their parents’ standards in some category (ie. good grades, winning competitions, and just generally being the best at something). They learn from a young age that love is conditional and if they don’t meet those conditions, then they are unlovable. Hence, they do everything they can to make sure those standards are met and they have a steady supply of love and praise so they never have to feel unlovable. The ego is a shield for their lack of self worth.  TL;DR: underneath it all, people with NPD feel unlovable and rely on outside sources of praise and love in order to feel even a shred of self love and the inflated ego is a coping mechanism for that
That tiny red dot on Jons chair was KILLING ME
You mentioned David Spade's voice is one that delivers this totally pompous and obnoxious attitude, but also makes you want more... another rare gem who can pull that off is in this movie, too!  Wendie Malick, who also co-starred with David Spade in Just Shoot Me, played Poncha's wife, and that voice oftentimes exudes the same energy <3
"Alright, I've had enough of this! Do an episode about Kronk and Yzma and we'll burn your YouTube channel to the ground.  Uhhh, don't you mean or?  Ugh, do an episode about Kronk and Yzma *OR* we'll burn your YouTube channel to the ground!"
You should do an episode on Hook.
The captions made me so happy. A+ work. The adaptation of the snark made me laugh.
I do love the ending of the movie where Pacha actually tells Kuzco about a nearby hill to build his place and Kuzco does and I'm assuming spends a lot of time with Pacha and his family and other people in the village. It shows some growth and that he's becoming more humble talking to more people, building new relationships.
It is a CRIME that Yzma and Kronk were only onscreen for 30 seconds of this episode 😂 And nary a Chica to be seen?!?! SMASH IT WITH A HAMMAH!!!
“that may just be me projecting because I’m a uhh… an addict whose a narcissist?” “I don’t think you’re a narcissist.” Gotta love how the “addict” part of that was never even addressed and neither seem bothered by that. 😂
😮love this movie
The most goofy ahh disney movie ever ong
You better believe I stopped everything I was doing to watch this! 🙌🏼
Boo-yah! 😎I'm so happy!
Quotes from this movie that regularly make it into your daily life:  For me it's "AND I'LL SMASH IT WITH A HAMMA!"
It was the only most memorable Disney movie as a kid! I will always stand to say The Emperor's New Groove is such an underappreciated gem, and Kuzco should have the most spotlight between the disney princesses 😤
😍The most underrated Disney movie ever
If pacha stood up for himself while kuzko still had power, kuzko would have abused his power as always. But kuzko, being a Llama, stripped him of his power to punish defiance and forced him to sit with it.
I LOVE LOVE LOOOOVE this underrated movie ❤❤ I got my boyfriend to watch it and he LOVES Kronk hahaha
We just got a kitten and named him Kuzko 😆
Shitttt, I need therapy?
I feel like most people don't like to admit their faults even if they can admit it to themselves because admitting it to people creates an expectation to change. And that expectation can make some anxious.
i am once again recommending the boy and the beast
I rarely would say this about David Spade but only David Spade could bring out the absolute obnoxiousness of Kuzco.
“You push people away, sooner or later they’re going to let you” ooooof
Well, to add: When you laugh despite being depressed, it isn't happiness. But it _is_ a step toward happiness, and that can be significant enough. Laughter is like a yardstick you can use to measure how far off happiness is from you. I know what it's like to be so deeply depressed that literally nothing can make you laugh, and let me tell you, that is a dark and horrible place to be. I can accurately gauge how bad my depression is by how little makes me laugh, actually.. I have a whole Whose Line Is It Anyway playlist that serves as a pretty good indicator of just how severe/mild my depression is at that point.
The addiction and narcissism parallel is interesting. Narcissism often relies on "supply" (people to manipulate/talk down to) the same way an addict relies on a drug.
Ive been watching you guys foe awhile and MAN, you guys SUCK  Okay all jokes aside, you guys were immensely helpful through some tough times, and i cant thank you enough.
I have learned how to adapt to emotions from movies. I love this channel
In another movie Kuzko would have been the villain.
This and Tommy Boy are David Spade's best movies.
Dr. Ramani has a great YouTube channel on narcissism. I'd recommend it for anyone wanting deeper dives into the topic!
Hey, I've been turned into a cow. Can I go home?
No, the narcissist in my life is essentially Ysma, scary beyond all reason...
Only Jon could make Eartha Kitt sound like Ed Wynn.
I found this channel by accident, and now I love watching it and get excited every time they post a video.  This channel has helped me so much
21:52 That "projecting" felt oddly powerful, like before I've never thought it that way but now with his comment made me remember when a streamer (girl) that I follow has been asked many times how she handles so well criticism and bad comments (even her friends always talk about this like wanting to be like her) and her answer was "I just think how horrible her life or day had to be for them to be saying such hurtful things, and it makes her feel bad for them and wish them to heal one day", 'cause to her it's a way to show up how hurt you are and ngl it's so true, we even have a way to call it in Méxcio at least (lo que te choca, te checa) and I've seen it and experienced it, the more hurt you are, the more you want to hurt others, the more selfish you are, the more you think others are the same A great lesson to keep in mind, it makes things look different, I guess 😅
This movie is one of my favourites! It one of those movies [along with LotR, Lion King, Kung Fu Panda, Megamind, and Spaceballs] where I can just quote huge sections of it from memory. Could you guys do a video on The Last Unicorn? Also one of my favourite movies, and one of the most beautiful animated movies I've ever seen. Pretty please with spinach puffs on top? 😁 Also, today I learned that Kuzco is the Invisible Man. Small world.
20:33 MAYBE! But that really made me laugh XDDDD
I love that Pacha became a father figure for Kuzco in the film, something the 18 year old emperor obviously needed in his life. I also love that it's very evident that Yzma raised Kuzco since they like the same things and have alot of the same habits.
Do a cinema therapy episode on the movie "The Whale"
Ohh right, the therapy. The therapy for cinema. The therapy specially chosen for cinema. Cinema Therapy
I always saw this movie as more of a Warner Bros. movie than a Disney movie.
Yzma is such a diva, tho. As evil & conniving as she is, she’s so flyy lol 💅🏾
One other movie I’d love to hear the internet dads discuss is The Sound of Music.  Specifically things like the relationship with everyone’s favorite Nazi boyfriend, the Captain’s inability to deal with his kids (and the trauma of the past), coping mechanisms like the favorite things song… lots to talk about.
"Oh yeah, it's all coming together" is a permanent part of the vernacular of my friend and me!
"WRONG LEVERRRRRRRR" I love this movie.
NO. WAY. I was literally watching this movie the other day and was wondering if you guys would ever cover it!
Weird aside: you said cheaters are most afraid of being cheated on; does that mean that if you are most afraid of someone cheating on you you are more likely to cheat? I know that if a=b doesn’t always mean b=a but I am curious
Now I know I’m not a narcissist; I’m self-absorbed but I have empathy lol
That's quite true about most addicts having to hit rock bottom before changing. My family's kinda lucky that way.  My paternal grandpa got addicted to cigarettes in the navy because he was young and wanted to be cool. His words. Decades later, he looked at how much he was spending on cigarettes and realized all that money could be used to support his family. So he quit. And it's not like money was tight or anything. He was head librarian at a university. Life was good. But he's also half Scots-Irish and lived through the Great Depression. Wasting money is *anathema.* He also didn't go cold turkey. He went from cigarettes to a pipe to ween himself off.  My dad had a near brush with addiction, this time with alcohol. This was when I was a toddler, so I wasn't aware of any of this at the time. I don't recall if I was ever told if Mom was the one who brought up the concern or if Dad did some self-reflecting. Either way, he took one of those questionnaires that evaluated people for alcoholism. The ending score said he wasn't even *close* to being an alcoholic, but he told me that how he answered some of the questions concerned him enough that he just quit drinking. Not a *drop* in over 35 years. A hell of a lot more restraint than he's ever showed in regards to food.
What, no "WRONG LEVERRRRR"?!?!
I dropped a friend because they were a narcissist.
I literally jumped for joy when I saw this! 🎉😆 I love the emperors new groove!
patiently waiting for a Fantastic Mr. Fox episode 🫶
One of my all time favorite movies.
I had no idea as to how much of this movie I have memorized until now. Lol
Hi Alan and John could you guys do some videos on characters from The Owl House by: Dana Terrace, and a video on Slappy (in the 2 movies) from Goosebumps by: R. L. Stine? Thank you guys, byyyyyyee.
I love this movie so much, one of my favorite of all times easily
Considering they made Sting write a bunch of songs and then threw them all in the garbage (to make a much better film), I wouldn't say it's THAT self-centered for him to ask them to change to a (much better) new ending in turn.
20:46 If someone did that to me, it would make me feel bad, and I would try to suppress my emotions in the future even more.
GET OUT OF HERE WITH EMPEROR'S NEW GROOVE. My favourite disney movie of all time, Kuzko is the best disney princess.  Love the analysis!
I never wanna see 7:00 again! 😅
Also a point I know you've touched on in other videos is that a true apology isn't just saying "I'm sorry"; it's pledging to different AND following through. And while he intentionally approaches it so as to keep up his cherished (and accurate) image as a*s, Kuzko literally says he's going to do different- and he does!
Please do a villian therapy on Yzma and Kronk!
When i was younger our family loved this movie! We watched our VHS one so much that it broke and then got a DVD of it and watched it so much that it broke as well. Our family is on our third copy of this movie and it's currently acting up. Might need a fourth soon!  Thank you for doing this amazing movie. Can always count on you guys to put a smile on my face. :)  Ps. Kuzco is my favourite disney princess.
For me the "ya-huuuuuu" happens a lot 😂
Please do Wall-E next!
The Emperor's New Groove episode is here. It's. Here.
i would love for you guys to watch "mirai no mirai"!! it's such a good (anime) movie about kids and their big emotions and big imaginations!!
3:04 I beg your pardon sir, Riverdance is *timeless*.
I’m so glad I found this channel- it’s gives me a fun and engaging way to learn about new mental health stuff and learn more about filmmaking! :D
being a taurus kuzcoese is my language
And to think that this movie was supposed to be a musical/ music based in the beginning! Absolutely amazing either way
Love this movie. 😂
having done a paper recently about incan culture and primerily incan culture in Cusco Peru i can totally see why kuzcos ego is bigger than him...in incan culture the emperor was seen as a link between the mortals and gods as well as heaven and earth. they also attended lots of important events.
Day 72? Of asking for a Les Choristes episode please!!!
I remember when therapy first started to have an actual effect on me, and I began setting healthy boundaries.. It took mere days for my abusive family to accuse me of being a narcissist, simply because I stopped entertaining their abuse and stood up to them.
I love how this film, or rather production of this film, was an absolute trainwreck. The "script" in the Disney archives isn't an actual script, it's ringbound folders of notes, because a lot of this film was literally made up as they went along. Not to mention that there was a full overhaul of the entire project at some point, which switched the genre from a more drama-heavy story (similar to The Lion King, was their goal as far as I understood it), to this absolute madness of a comedy. There is a documentary, made by Sting's wife, of the entire process, and it's apparently great but hard to get a hold of (I haven't been able to see it myself, yet) because Disney is uhm, not pleased or proud of the whole thing 😅
Could you guys do over the garden wall?
I think Kuzco is being a teenager with all the power in the world, like Alexander the Great but with less conquering Persia and dying of alcohol poisoning at 24
I never really thought of Kuzco as a narcissist because it was pretty clear he was very much a product of his nurturing. I think part of his arc is just letting his nature take a turn at the wheel, like you said, discovering he's capable of more than he realized he was. He clearly wasn't devoid of empathy, he just never had to use it before because literally his world revolved around him.    Regardless, this movie is an underrated classic, absolute cinematic perfection. I regularly quote "PULL THE LEVER, KRONK!" and "No touchie!" and Yzma's "aaahahahhahahaha! I WIN." The comedy beats are pure gold; "Yay, I'm a llama again!!! ......wait...." or Kronk pausing his own background music. The deus ex machina type plot progressions are just magical, from the "By all accounts, it doesn't make sense" with the map, or even the random trampoline delivery. Truly one of Disney's best movies.
Yay! This really made my day! Love the film! ❤
Pls do a video on the fallout
Please do an episode on Meet the Robinsons, it’s such a good Disney movie despite having early 2000s 3d animation
I love this film. I actually remember going to see it in the cinema and loving it so much . I still quote so many of the lines from it today. And, snap, No Touchy is in our house a lot too. Oh and shout out to Pacha's wide!!! She is such an amazing character in this film.
I mentally use the quote "Now I feel really bad. Bad llama!" When someone is mad at me for something I believe I did right and am not sorry for. 😂
12:47  Hells yeah!  Crocheting right TF now.
I love this movie so much! It is easy in my top 5 Disney movies. If you think it's funny in English the Brazilian dubbed version takes it to another level. Kuzco is voiced by one of the best Brazilian actors (selton mello) and izma by a fantastic actress as well (Marietta Severo). Their comedic delivery is amazing
“No touchy”, “uh-huh. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-uh” (in a sing-song voice), and the birthday song that was sung to Yzma are lines I use to this day. I always HATED The Birthday Song, so the one in the movie was a Godsend.
Another great episode.   Can you do Over the Garden Wall and A Man Called Otto please?
still my fav animated disney movie -^_^-
First off, amazing movie. Second, do love the meta humor of Cusco arguing with himself is hilarious. Third, most important, the meta argument is a great scene to show Cusco finally coming around. even HE is tired of himself and doesn't want to deal with it. I would say that scene is him fully growing and ready to move on and better himself.
I was the person who kept waiting for my Kuzco to change.  15 years in she would not promise not to hit me again when I called her out on it in couples therapy.  I set a boundary and said if she wouldn't make a promise not to hit me that I promised if she did hit me again again I was leaving.   It took them 3 years while the emotional abuse continued to hit me again.  I did leave that day.  Now I just wish I could get every negative image about myself she drilled into me over those 18 years to go away.
Yzma is a fucking icon. Kuzco is a fucking icon. Kronk is a fucking icon.
Question: Not particularly video related but I was wondering if you have a video where you've covered this or could possibly respond to this.    Given its archaic implications where these things were seen as moral failings, that these people were 'less' than their more 'ordered' normal & confirming counterparts in the wider population, is there a reason we still use the term "disorder"?  I hate it so much because while I benefit from ADHD being labeled a 'mental illness', it also comes with a lot of stigma and I'm so sick of it.
Can we have an episode on Kronk? It always cracked me how him, a good guy, worked for the villain!? He's constantly internally debating whether he do stuff or not, in the end he does to work for yzma
one of my favorite movies ever... thank u so much for this guys !!!
6:40  Those are my favorite kinds of characters you have no idea
Alan, the connection you're making between narcissists and addicts is that they both make choices that harm the people around them.  And in both cases, it's often rock bottom when reality hits.
Once it's out of theaters, you guys should do "Five Nights at Freddy's"  It's filled with psychological problems 🙂
as a voice actor. thank you for saying it!!!!!!!!!!! so many times i have had people say "its easy to just talk into a microphone" it is so much more and more difficult than that
And here we have Alan cussing more in a kids movie reaction again!!😂
The other animation I know with lots of comedy and freeze frames/voice overs is the series "ultimate Spider-Man". There's even an episode where he's having a full on "fantasy fight" with Deadpool which is pretty slapstick and Deadpool could interrupt his freeze frames
Holy crap is that Joe from Family Guy before FG? 😮
Ahhhhh! This is my favorite Disney movie. Hands down. Might even be my favorite movie. The comedy is SO on point. And Kronk is such a wonderful himbo.
this is one of the most perfectly casted movies of all time, every actor brings their A game and kills it
Another perfect episode. Sidenote: I hoped you mention Kronk self-therapy :D
Hi Alan and Jono, I love your videos and always look forward to watching the newest one. Could you please address how to cope with the grief, fear and guilt of watching the atrocities being committed in a faraway country and how to deal with feeling hopelessness watching the situation unfold, knowing that one doesn't have any power or control due to being an ordinary person? I find that watching what has been happening in the world recently makes me feel guilty about living my normal life and not being able to do anything and watching people suffer makes me feel so very helpless, especially when it feels like voices are being oppressed. I would love to hear from you on what some healthy coping methods should be.
Is there any such thing as a narcissistic victim? If so, I believe my mother is one she believes. She is the root of all problems in her children's lives. So just curious.
An Emperor's New Groove video posted on my birthday is the best present yet
Is Kuzko exaggerated, no just look at large companies.
It's a good thing your not a big fat guy, or this would be really difficult
oh maaaan i love this movie!
Knowing the original direction of the story, then to hear that chaos happened in the studios around the time and changed the WHOLE story and the mood of the story, definitely an under appreciated movie to become one of the cult classics of the Disney franchises. It was a dramatic change in the tone of Disney going from the musical and deep stories of the Disney Renaissance to this big spoof, the main reason it pulled off was because of how funny and dorky it became.
I don't know if you two take requests, but please do read my requests and at the very least think of them. Thank you.
I just wanna go to therapy with you guys.
Oh this is my ultimate favorite movie of all time, i had the VHS tape and watched it till it was worn down, then i got the DVD and would watch it even more, i know this movie front to back with my heart. Yzma and Kuzco are the best character Disney ever created.
I’m being pedantic, I realize, but Re: the Edgar Wright before Edgar Wright comment for the editing. Wright had a tv show (Spaced) in the UK that aired in 1999 (it’s so funny, btw). New Groove came out in 2000. More than likely these were both in production concurrently, and what we got with New Groove is very different than what Disney originally planned. I find the editing choices to be very happy coincidences, but calling this film “pre-Edgar Wright” is not accurate.
I was honestly reciting the Kuzco's poison line to myself just yesterday. Great movie and excellent character development.
I wonder, is it projecting or is more of a case of "this is how I think, and I cannot comprehend that others would think differently". So in Kuzco's situation he cares only for himself and therefore believes that everyone most only care for themselves
God the meta levels of humour is unmatched in this movie. I wish Disney made more movies like this today
I AM SO HAPPY YOU ARE COVERING THIS MOVIE
I'd like to hear the ending of Jonathan's story about making people laugh, Cuz I agree that laughing and being happy are different I smile and laugh and can have fun during the day just to go home and fight back the dark thoughts.  If someone asked, I'd still say I'm happy but that's not without moments to the contrary, like laughing at a joke
Emporor's New Groove might be my favourite movie - thanks for doing this one! :D
This is genuinely my favorite movie. Of… ever.
28:02 you missed an opportunity to say "throws off his groove"
what i liked about kuzco is how unique portrayal of a brat he is. yes, he is spoiled and insufferable. but he can also an absolute chad.   he casually sass anything and everything. he is about to go over a waterfall and he responded with ''bring it on'', the throw hands with pacha while hanging on a fragile bridge and nonchalantly pimpslaps a crocodile
You talked about the phrases and lines that work their way into a family's regular conversation. Whenever I have a disagreement with my 8-year-old we go to the ya-ha nu-uh discussion between Pacha's kids. Complete with synchronized "'night Mom!" thrown in.
Hello, thank you a lot for your channel existance! Can you recommend something (cinematic) about dysthemia/apathy/depression connected to overworking or studying ? Thank you  lot for your work
In regards to David Spade, Joe Dirt was honestly way more fun than I was mentally prepared for (have not watched the sequel, cause when did they make a sequel??). Then there's this movie, which is stupid fun... Oh! Just Shoot Me! Definitely the smarmy character that's fun to watch role.
....I think this episode helped make a breakthrough in realizing some things in regards to my relationship with my dad. I just wanna thank you for that.  It's really tough knowing you need to let a parent live with consequences of his actions but I realized in serving my father's narcissism...I am denying myself any self love and worth...and I just can't continue living with that pain. So I guess I am going no contact until he really and truly changes for my own well being...now to tackle not feeling guilty over that. 😅
you always explain movies in a way that makes me wanna always watch/rewatch them
I think Cuzco is able to be impacted by Patcha because Patcha is external to his life.
This movie is really one of the best for me, the 2 in my top 3 Disney movies ❤
My family watches this movie every couple months; definitely can quote it front-to-back! Kuzco's arc is incredibly beautiful. I especially like what you guys said at the end there, how he apologized in his own way and, while it still sounds narcissistic from an outside perspective, Pacha could FEEL that warmth.
love this show SO much, this movie is one of my all time favourite. off the topic though, i think you would both love the show Elementary (2012). obviously won’t be on the show (cinema not tv therapy) but it touches on a lot of beautiful things
This has been my favorite movie since it came out when I was 10. It's incredibly underrated and incredibly amazing. It still is quotable to this day. 😁
Seriously, all the love for voice actors. Getting into a role with very little to go off of sounds so freaking difficult. No wonder there are always a few VAs who seem to be in everything. You treasure the ones who are really good at it.
I HAVE WAITED FOR THIS DAY FOR SO LONG
Emperor's New Grove is a great movie about personal growth but Could yous please review Nimona the movie it's a great movie about a person who can shapeshift who has been outcasted by those around them because they fear what they don't understand
The whole creation of this movie is bonkers, including Sting demanding to change the ending.  Theres a documentary somewhere on the tubes.
The Emprie News Groove 2
yaaas I love this movie :D
Watching this video, one of my favorite childhood movies on my birthday makes this even better. Thank you both so much for doing this one.
Definitely set boundaries with a narcissist, but I just want to add that you should assess HOW you set the boundary before you do. Some narcissists will react to your boundary violently. You may have to figure out how to set the boundary not to their face. Speaking as someone who's entire family was trapped under the will of a narcissist and only escaped because the narcissist died. That boundary is not always easy or safe.
Hey I love that video, it made me think about another narcissist who may have been made by Nurture and not Nature. Homelander from the series the boys! He's an interesting villain to analyse I believe ❤
I know I've said this already about a year ago but the Cinema Therapy schtick is great!  Hey would you look at that? Comment #666 😃
It's so weird but also totally works that they don't show or even mention Kuzco's parents. It's clear that he was raised with only servants and no real role models... Geez 😢
This is one of the finest comedies ever made. On a NPD diagnosis for Kuzco, I dunno. My experience with a few narcissists is that they lie--all the time. They lie even when they don't need to. It's like breathing to them, and it's pointless to ask whether they believe their own lies. You'll go crazy pondering why.   Kuzco does lie, but more often than not, he says exactly what he means. That's part of what makes him so cruel. I suppose he could be self-deluded, but it seems different in that one sense.
This is my second favorite Disney movie other than the Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Jonathan does a surprisingly good Yzma!! 😆👏
I just watched "Lars and the real girl"(2007) last night. I think it'd be awesome if you covered it, i think there's alot of great nuggets in there about mental illness.
Also I just want to see Johno reacting to Superman stuff from the Timmverse so if that ever happens I can die happy (but I won’t I’m not even 28 yet)
Loved this video !!! Keep on the marvelous work!!! :3 P.S. There is also a Kronk`s movie ^^
63kth
67706th
I feel like we need another video on this film. Specifically, I think we need to talk about Kronk vs Pacha. These two have an issue with being too nice. The difference being how they act. Kronk is an enabler while Pacha is nice, but can be tough on people he disagrees with.
Kronk and Yzma stole the show in this movie, but, as you guys pointed out, there's a lot to appreciate about the Kuzco/Pacha plot and Kuzco's character arc. The part where he talks to his own voiceover is great, and I especially like it because of his line "Who are you kidding, pal? They saw the whole thing; they know what happened." He realizes that anything about him being a "good guy" is a lie, and he's finally able to confront that.
6.8/10 not enough Kronk. (This is meant as a jocular reference to infamous the IGN review with too much water for a Pokémon game)
I wish Disney still made em like this :/
My mom died this summer and when I was in highschool she was extremely verbally and emotionally abusive as well as neglectful. She was very narcissitic and frequently put herself before me. I always said "My mom loves me, she just loves herself more." So after I turned 18 I moved in with my dad fulltime and distanced myself from her. I told her that I wanted her to be in my life, but if she was going to treat me poorly, then she'd have to be kept at a distance, which is exactly what I did. The past two or three years before her death she completely turned around. She was visiting me frequently, being extremely kind, and extremely loving towards me. A lot of people can't quite understand how I can forgive and still love her after everything she did when she never apologized. But it was never about the apology, it was about the change. I'm proud to say that she was my mother now, a feeling that I didn't have when I was a teenager. I miss her a lot, and it's really hard for people who haven't witnessed her change to understand why I'm grieving her so hard. But it's because of the potential she had, and the way things were going, I could see us getting to a genuine healthy place. But, sadly, because she's passed, what we had is all that we'll ever get. It's never too late to change, unless you're burried in the ground.
Engagement
One of the big things about having a Narcissist in your life is when you've gotten to the point that, while you know they can change, while you hope they DO change, you realize it's time to let go of the need to be there when/if they do.  It's hard to let go, especially when it's someone you've known for a very long time, especially when it's someone you love and you want that connection, but if they can't respect your boundaries, unfortunately you gotta let go for your sake and for the sake of anyone in your care.
Something I always quote from this movie is "Kuzco's poison, the poison for Kuzco"
Can we get an episode focusing on Kronk or Yzma and Kronk together?
Glad to see someone else acknowledge the "one last jab on the crappy bridge" bit. I point that out every time I watch it with someone else for the first time... This is what narcissism does to you.
Months ago, I left a two-year cycle of abuse from a narcissistic partner. It was horrendous, very few genuinely happy memories.
I love this movie. The visuals, the writing, the plot... It's all top notch. All topped by awesome comedic timing and absolutely wonderful randomness. Unfortunately, the weakest link in it is David Spade, IMO. He's really funny in some instances, but the rest of the cast leave him in the dust when it comes to consistency - his trademark snark is a bit too deadpan for it to work fully in an animated movie. MVPs: Patrick Warburton and Eartha Kitt. They *_own_* this movie.
I KNEW THAT THEY WERE GOING TO TALK ABOUT NARCISSISM WITH THIS FILM!!
_Sees this in my sub-box_ Ah, right the video. The video from Cinema Therapy. The video specifically made by Cinema Therapy, Cinema Therapy's video.      That video?
I always forget to say so, but kudos to whoever does your captions :)
what I always loved about this story is that the main character isn't perfect, he's kind of an anti-hero. He undergoes a transformation, but not immediately, it is not easy (he still falls and gets up) and because he finally met good role models. He probably grew up raised by Izma (one evil creates another), and in addition, no one had ever set boundaries for him and showed him how he should/shouldn't behave. This may be a "wink" to those parents who allow their children to do absolutely everything, even rule at home. The theme of the return journey to the palace where Kuzco spent his whole life, isolated from the real world and the problems of everyday life of his subjects (Kuzco lives without worries), gives him the opportunity to get to know and understand them, and at the same time take a journey inside himself. Moreover, the creators' approach is refreshing - that the main character has flaws that he has to work on, unlike Disney princesses who are always good, honest, wise and brave, and have to defeat "others" and solve the problems of "external" causes. It is much more difficult to face yourself and solve internal conflicts. In addition, great humor that will appeal to both young and old (Izma reveals her leg), fast-paced action, important values ​​and a lot of warmth. And Kuzco's style is simply iconic - boom babe!
Speaking of Disney’s experimental era, I’d love to see you guys do an assessment of Atlantis: The Lost Empire. I feel that movie tells a great story about rising to leadership.
A subchannel or branch of channel called gaming therapy would be so cool!! Where instead of movie/show characters being analyzed its game characters  also I absolutely love you guys! been watching for a good bit and I like to take it as a personal moment to reflect upon myself after watching ❤
Something for y'all to ponder: for as long as I can remember, I've had a self-talk voiceover going in my head. Part of my therapy journey has been learning to argue with & talk back to my internal voiceover. If it's not meta when I do it, is it really meta when Llama Kuzco does it?
Could you watch Legally blonde please
Is there a medical explanation for Kronk?
I loved this movie so much, and I've rewatched it recently, still great, the most iconic line from Pacha is "Someday you're going to wind up all alone and you'll have no one to blame but yourself."
I love this movie so much I literally DIYed my husband and Is Pacha and Chicha costumes for halloween this year!
Here to overcome silent narcissism by leaving a thankful comment to John and Alan for continuing to post and help those in trouble.
I am SO GLAD you did a video about this movie ToT it's one of my favorite movies ever! And I'd like to take the opportunity to advertise the Brazilian-Portuguese version (because yeah, I'm Brazilian) for all of you who understand the language (or who might be curious) because it is absolutely bonkers hahah for some reason the voice actors did a lot of improvisation so some of the lines are somehow different, but all of them are just hilarious XD I kinda miss the "redubbing" quality from old animations... I feel like nowadays Disney has been more strict with their texts and, you know, translating jokes/names/situations is not necessarily as fun as it was in the original language (this process of adaptation is called "localizing")... I wonder if people from other countries have similar experiences in their own dubbed versions of animations or if it was just us Brazilians going crazy in the 80s and 90s hahah
Not too sure if Kuzco was a good influence on me as a kid as I infamously spun my chair and put my feet on the table similar to the character in the movie when I was a little 5 year old.   That wouldn’t have been so bad had I not done it out in a public restaurant in front of my parents. 0_o
Weird that they decided to cover my mom. Better send this to her. Wish me luck on that Kusco redemption arc!
10:49  its opposite for the japanese voice acting industry.  they are all usually in one room.  for voicing anime chqracters and such.
FINALLY! I was waiting for this. Keep up the great work guys!
Oh, right. The video. The video about Kuzco, the video revolving specifically around Kuzco, Kuzco's video. That video?
To be fair, the reason Sting made them change the end of the movie was really human and profund so can't fault him for that
I know Alan does not speak Spanish but it would be cool if you watch it in latin spanish, is so much fun (like Shrek) Plus, I'm happy the movie is ambient on my country and Kuzco is called after my city Cusco. ❤🎉😊
Please do home alone for Christmas
This ENTIRE movie is quotable.
"Are you arguing with the narrator?"
An awesome episode could be about Kronk finding his own voice and breaking away from a toxic relationship.
Man, the Brazzilian dub is much better
I'm only now hearing the English dub, I watched it endlessly in my native language and gosh how is it possible that it's SO MUCH BETTER in Polish? We had such good animated dialogue writers it's unbelievable. That initial Cuzco monologue is basically poetry in Polish, it even rhymes
Man I LOVE this channel. It’s my favorite!😭🙌🏾. Can you PLEASE do “Tick Tick Boom” with Andrew Garfield next???🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
Can you guys do the Loki series!!😂❤
anybody else going nuts over the one red pixel over johno's shoulder?
I think another reason that Kuzco works so well, is that he constantly reapes what he sows. Like how in that bridge scene he immediately falls down afterwards.  A lot of the reason why people don't like similar characters is because they don't have any consequences for their actions. So the movie constantly doing that to Kuzco but still not being overly cruel to him work.
This HAS to be my favourite Disney movie and I'm so glad you're discussing it. I love the found family elements and the main friendship. But Yzma and Kronk stole the show 1000% and are so memorable even now. This is forever quotable
One thing I am super curious about, is do you think Kuzco is a narcissist because of Yzma? The reason I ask is because Kuzco is actually an orphan and was basically raised by Yzma. Yzma says this herself in the film, and it wouldn't surprise me if she is also a narcissistic type too.
Day one of asking CinemaTherapy to cover Count Olaf in the ASOUE TV show.
Y'all finally did it 😢😊
"You want to know something else? I never liked your spinach puffs!"
I actually have a silver pendant necklace with Kuzcos poison in it xD
Similar to the brotherhood relationship of Pacha and Kuzco I would love to see you guys do videos of my favorite Dynamic Duo Rush Hour.  Carter with him getting humbled through out the series and Lee dealing with his family/emotional baggage.  And just in general Jackie Chan and Chris Tucker being a hilarious duo
I would love for you guys to cover Yzma. I can't even think what the psychological angle would be, I just want to watch you guys laugh your asses off for 30 minutes straight.
The emperor's new Groove walked so Deadpool could run 😅
I absolutely love Kronk, Yzma's henchman. Honestly, Kronk is the only character I remember from this movie--he was so damn memorable. His little tent that he slept in, the fact that he's an accomplished chef, the fact that he can speak Squirrel, the fact that he's so good-hearted and goofy that he doesn't quite understand that he works for the true baddie. He's marvelous. Truly the original "Himbo" of Disney movies, other than Hercules, that is...
“Someday you’re gonna wind up all alone, you’ll have no one to blame but yourself.”   I think that’s a saying that everybody needs to live by, if they don’t want to change their bad ways.
Such a quotable movie. Our family uses so many. "no touchy"  and "you owe me a new acorn" are at the top.
4:15 Americans 🙄😆. FYI: monarchy does not mean dictatorship - in the list of most democratic countries of the world there are several monarchies higher than your country 😉
0:56 (I mean this in a nice way) MEME TEMPLATE!!! (If it’s ok with you!)
A fun little tidbit I didn't know until recently but the old man who gets tossed out of the window is voiced by none other than John Fiedler, most famous for voicing Piglet in Winnie the Pooh for decades.
Think the tricky thing with Tony stark is he does think he’s better then everyone else but he backs it up by proving he’s better at a lot of things then most people . Kuzco can’t do that because he isn’t better at anything then most people
WRONG LEVAAAAAAAH!   I love this movie so much 😂
You ever think about how Yzma and Kronk accidentally saved Pacha’s family?
OMG! Kuzko on Cinema Therapy!! Bring it on!)))
You guys should do a video on shark tale:)
I'd love a breakdown of Stepmom!!
If anyone askes what my favorite movie is. It's ENG. Always.
I wouldn't be surprised if he thinks of his life as a movie about himself, of course he narrates it, haha! And yeah it also shows that he's reasoning with his past self and the way he used to think. Great movie and Disney's best comedy! And a miracle it's so good after the production was such a nightmare (There's a documentary about it called The Sweatbox that leaked online). Usually rewriting the whole movie so late in the process doesn't turn out so well.
About addiction and needing to hit rock bottom , that really sucks in this recreational drug use “climate”, because fentanyl is so huge right now , everyone thinks “it could never be me” and that they have this infinite amount of time to get better, but that sh1t will kill you so easily and fast.. it’s scary to think my friends will stay in this for the longest amount of time possible, I really hope the use or complications don’t take their lives ;( it’s so weird when all ur friends are in addiction by the time ur in ur early 20s. Really fckin sucks
I didn't know the voice actor who did the Invisible Man from Hotel Transylvania was Kuzco's voice!!! 😲 God I love Kronk so much because of how naive he is. The Shoulder Angel/Devil parts always cracked me up!!! 😂😂😂 The comedy in the Emperor's New groove is priceless!!! 🤣🤣🤣  Side note: My mom's a narcissist and only just been free of her since beginning of 2022!!! Growing up with a narcissistic parent is brutal especially when my dad literally just left me and my siblings with the devil without caring what happened to us!!! I don't have contact with either of my parents nor do i want to EVER AGAIN!!! Both hurt me in more ways than one!!!  He KNEW what she was like as she emotionally/verbally abused not just me but my siblings and him!!! Something I had to do was unlearn was being a people pleaser and setting boundaries which is EXTREMELY HARD with a narcissistic parent!!!   Realizing at a young age that I had to give up on her and accept that I was never going to be good enough HURT A LOT!!! I lied a lot as a kid to those who asked about my parents. At all costs I'd avoid talking about my mom.   Thanks to her I have C-PTSD and other mental health problems.
Me and my brother finally got to watching this masterpiece last friday and now Cinema Therapy made a video on it. When the release schedule gets planned just right 👌
Even though English is not my native language, I need to comment on all the videos to help and make this reach more and more people.   Lots of love, thanks for this video. As always, very fun and instructive ❤
When Pacha is upset that Kuzco hasn't changed and won't keep his word, he project his own goodness and integrity on Kuzco like Kuzco later projects his selfishness on Pacha, it goes both ways. I have often made Pachas mistake that others will do the right thing because I would,
This movie had some of the most meda humor and I love it
"And yes you guessed it: all the children are narcisists"  Me: HOW did he know I was thinking that?!
FINALLY!!! I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!! THANK YOU GUYS!!!!❤❤❤
Loved this video. I would also love to see a video on Kronk or Yzma! Kronk has awesome traits such as being very caring for the people around him, he's pretty straightforward and honest and does what he loves and makes him happy. I think he also has a surprisingly good influence on Yzma. However he is quite oblivious and should watch out that people don't use him and don't respect him. Yzma is obviously evil but it is a pretty interesting scenario. She works for a foolish emperor that doesn't care about his subjects and she basically does all the work to keep the empire running. Would it be for the better good to get rid of an incompetent tyrant? Can she reason with the unreasonable?
You gotta do My Cousin Vinny and talk about stress and pressure
I love Kuzco and I have to say the Brazilian Portuguese dubbing is the BEST and it makes it soo much funnier
It would be amazing if you guys cover Ryan Reynolds' The Voices. Such tragic but with the trademark Ryan Reynolds comedic charm. Its also one of his favorite movies he ever done.😁
I have a question: is there such a thing as negative narcissism? Like whenever something goes wrong it's all your fault, regardless of whether you have control over it. The person feeling this still feels like they're the most important person in the narrative, but they think they're the worst person who ever lived. When things go wrong they messed it up or didn't do enough to stop it, when things go right it's nothing to do with them. Their guilt is crippling, and nothing ever changes because they believe nothing they do will make the world a better place. Does that sound like anything?
YES! Been holding out for this for so long! We also find ourselves using lines from this movie in our day to day lives. It’s so much fun.
The spinoff show Emperor's New School actually follows Kuzco developing more and still being flawed and narcissistic but working on it, and it's pretty good.
Would you do a light yagami character?
Next: Yzma villain therapy, or Kronk villain/hero therapy?
I love the symbolism that Kuzco essentially confront himself. That is something that not only NPD peeps gotta do but all of us at one point. The same as been caring and loving with ourselves.
Oh heck yes!! Seeing that you guys made this video made me so happy. Emperor’s New Groove is my favorite movie of all time. I love  how many quotable moments this movie has given my siblings, friends and me over the years. Alan and Jonathon, I love your channel, keep up the good work and I appreciate how much you both love to break down movies and life.
David Spade's talent in being able to play "likable" sleezes comes down to his own humility.  His statement following Kate Spade (his sister-in-law)'s suicide was endearing.
I’ve been wanting you guys to do this movie for the LONGEST TIME 😂 thank you!!
Wait what's the story about Sting changing the ending?
I quote this movie every week, if not everyday
The rewinding thing is also because they had to do a bunch of rewrites halfway through production. Both this movie and Brave won the "shine-ola" award.
10:47 Aw, you guys cut off the best part where he throws the rock!! Really wanted to see you laugh at that!
I think you could look at yzma and cronk relationship as a narcissist and a victim, yzma clearly is also a narcissist and doesn't want to change and cronk is a highly empathetic person ( who narcissistic people are commonly attracted to ) who just wants to help, yzma takes advantage of that, she abused him calls him names but periodically through out the movie she says some nice things to him little compliment that go unnoticed by most but for cronk who's used to being abused by her it probably means the world, the story really does show the difference between a narcissist who is willing to change and one that doesn't want to and instead wants more power so they can avoid it and force others to bend to there narcissism, really good movie.
I always thought that it was just that he was taught to be a spoiled brat but actually his personality is what he ends with at the end of the journey. I really love the character growth and the self-awareness that comes to his character as he goes through the story
Love this movie. Thanks ❤
I love this movie so much!!! This episode got me in the mood of watching it again, lol
Soooo, now that y’all did Emperor’s New Groove, how about Kronk’s New Groove Next by chance?👀
can you do a video on a movie called "Our Friend"?
i forgot how much i loved this movie! loved this video also. ❤
Def a favorite of mine. So clever and fun
I adore the bromance between Pacha and Kuzco and how it eventually becomes a buddy comedy. I also appreciate that Pacha isn't just a bland perfect "oh isn't everything wonderful" goody two shoes character, he has some limits and self respect and he'll only tolerate so much of Kuzco overstepping those limits before he puts his foot down.
This movie in English is great but in Latin Spanish is GOLD!!! So many amazing amazing jokes. The Pull the lever joke is in daily rotation in my house lol
Love it! Make a video about Villain Therapy for Yzma!! 😂😂😂
Eartha Kitt is everywhere today lol The algorithm is definitely algorithmic rn lol
As the child of a narcissist, can confirm. You HAVE to draw hard boundaries and be ready, willing and able to enforce them at all times. And if you can't... ✂️ It does no one any good to let someone walk all over you. Not you, not them, not anyone else around you.
I am always saying "eh pacha?", and "oh yeah, it's all coming together." 😂
10:43 Omg, you guys did the thing with your subtitles lolll. Much appreciated!
I think this is the last movie I saw multiple times in theatres. So many things made me laugh so hard every single time. And the story was touching and sweet without being overly saccharine. It's one of my most favorite Disney movies (just behind Lilo & Stitch), and I'd watch it on infinite repeat. I also appreciated that Pacha did finally set a boundary and also allowed himself to be open to Kuzco's genuine repentance. It shows that you can stay true to your kind self and protect yourself at the same time.
You guys are going to make me binge animated movies today lol. Love that you appreciate this movie! So underrated!
And 8 Simple Rules too.
This entire movie has been slept on, and I'm soooo glad it's getting some recognition.  The entire cast just knocked it out of the park, but I stan John Goodman.  He's my quintessential movie dad, and he brings such warmth to the parts he plays.  If David Spade is the greatest comedian of another timeline, John Goodman is another timeline's Henry Cavill.
what is the name of the intro music? where can i find the full music? i love it! @cinema therapy
OMGOMGOMG! YASSS! Love this movie!!
if i was feeling really depressed and someone made a joke which i laughed at, and they immediately went "OH WHAT WAS THAT? SO YOU CAN FEEL HAPPY" i would immediately never feel comfortable expressing my depression with that person literally ever again
I've seen the TV show where Kuzko  has to go back to school for whatever reason
This movie is fantastic and I love it. David Spade and Patrick Warburton were in Rules of Engagement together too and it’s a fun show. Would be fun to look at the relationships in there too.
I've been reading about covert narcissism and I think I am one and that my dad is one too. I want to change but I don't have the money to pay for a therapist. Whoever is reading this, what do you recommend?
This is my favorite move of all time. I'm so glad you guys did a video on it.
13:46 the music sounds like "Don't you fret, M'sieur Marius" from les mis
Another thing that kind of gets under looked with this one is kuzco's ark is actually unfinished just in this movie  it's actually in the TV series The emperor's New School where he truly does make the heavy change into a more humble and it's implied it happened pretty much over the span of 4 years
I mean, Kuzco's great, but Yzma, man, Yzma is something else. And Eartha Kitt did a gorgeous performance.   Hah, I knew it. Children are narcissists. But, y'know, /most/ grow out of it... you would hope.   Kuzco reminds me of Langris from Black Clover. Another guy who thinks he's special, this time directly fed specifically by the parents and when someone suggests otherwise, he doesn't take too kindly to it... but he eventually kind of grows to be a bit more considerate of others and sees other people's specialness too.  I wonder, if NPD and the like is sometimes formed as a defensive measure, even just rarely?
I love how Cuzco actually makes it across the bridge and only falls through when he turns back to taunt Pacha.
awesome - The Emperors New Groove has long been my favourite animated movie.  Great insights!  Not enough Izma and Kronk..could their be another episode with a focus on them?
With the arrival of the Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes trailer, please do a video for Caesar from the trilogy!
The craziest thing here for me is watching someone be amazed by someone arguing out loud with oneself narrating their own life xD 😅
please watch klaus next!! it's my favourite christmas movie and id love to hear your guys' thoughts on it :)
Kuzco is like a certain narcissistic former president….world revolves around him, everything is everyone else’s fault, he doesn’t do anything wrong, everything is “the best ever” that he is in charge of creating, and he’s rich so things just get handed to him and he thinks he deserves it. Unlike Kuzko, he’ll never change.
Since the holidays are coming up can you do Scrooged (1988/89?) and home alone
I remember watching the movie Holes and seeing Eartha Kitt then when I watched Emperors New Groove and heard Yzma my mind was blown as a kid! This is my favorite childhood movie! Also Kronks new groove🤣❤️
We just talked about that movie yesterday in our family and boom you upload a video about it 😂 Like do you guys have magic powers it happened to me so often already that I thought, talked about or watched a movie right before you post it😂👏🏻
“I want to live there so I’m kicking you out” is LITERALLY fueling a genocide right now
Another fun one!
The movie should be a musical
“Yes all children are narcissists” I’m freaking dead 😂.
For how long has the dude on the right side needed therapy now? And could someone please give him some? In EVERY EPISODE he tells us that he needs therapy. At least follow up on that. Tell us more. What's wrong? Why isn't he getting it? Does he get it, but still need more?
Internet dads ? Wil you… um… will you do an episode on kronk and or Yzma ? I just think they are neat
This will always be my #1 favorite movie of all time.
I need a breakdown for Borderline Personality Disorder. Is there a movie for that?
Oh, right. The therapy. The therapy for Kuzco, the therapy chosen especially to fix Kuzco, Kuzco's therapy.
Best. Disney. Movie. Ever.
Can you please do the film Aumedeus? I would love to hear your thoughts about it! ❤️❤️❤️
Hey guys, can I propose a challenge? It's just that the Brazilian voice acting of this movie is really awesome, and I REALLY wanted to see you guys reacting to the voices (you can put the sound in the Brazilian Portuguese dub and subtitles in English).
Something else I liked about Kuzco arguing with his own narration is it shows growth. Narrator!Kuzco keeps insisting that everyone screwed him over while actual Kuzco points out that the audience saw him screw over other people and, ultimately, himself. That’s not something he would have done at the start.
Everyone in this movie seemed like they just had fun and fit right in to their character. I love this film
Also a true apology is changed behavior 😉
Squeak squeaker, squeak squeakin, indeed.
Kuzco is Disney's best queen. My absolute favorite.
I recently watched Thor Love of Thunder, I think this would make a great heor video as it deals with his self worth, loss of loved ones and acceptance of that loss. I also think I need to see Johno and Alan react to his butt 😅
I needed this episode.
By far the funniest movie Disney ever made 😊
11:42 I remember for The Elder Scrolls 4 Oblivion. For the Emporer, they gave him a packet of info about the character to get them into the headspace. For a character that has an extremely small amount of lines
Hah, I LOVE this movie! Thank you so much for talking about this ❤❤❤
I can't believe you said, "Threw him through a loop" instead of "Threw off his groove"
It wasn't mentioned, but I like that the scene y'all talked about the where Kuzco saves Patcha from the cliff is started with Kuzco focusing on how awesome he was in "yanking Patcha right out of the air!" which is true, and if that happened it would be an awesome moment, and the realization of what it means is there and well done, but his first instinct was just "I'm so cool, that cliff has nothing on me" and it has to be pointed out how it was instinctive altruism first and foremost, but that doesn't mean he can't still be what he thinks of as cool and bombastic.
So many great quotes from this movie! The show Emperor's New School is also great, highly recommend if you enjoy the movie.
"I'm gonna kick you out so I can build what I wanna build there." How timely.
I still want "Kingdom of the Sun," but Yzma and Kuzco were still amazing in TENG.
I love this movie and it had one of the most insane productions- rewrite and rework hell! The making of video you can watch on YouTube is really interesting. Thee fact that it came out as great as it did when looking at the production is amazing. And insanely quotable! It's the only Disney movies I can think of that is a pure comedy!
I've been waiting for this episode 😀
Yzma and Kronk are just amazing and in my opinion the best part about that movie
YES
YES
You wouldnt think that eartha kitt + patrick warburton would make a great comedy on paper but man it works
finally some love for my absolute favourite Disney movie 🥰
Oooo! Love this movie!
Want to know rhe reason why Japanese voice acting is SOOO... good. Because they only see themselves as acting. They don't see themselves just doing a voice. They act behind the mic.
i was thinking... what happened to his parents? they probably dead...for long time... he is emperor meaning his father is already dead
It would be super dope if there was a video game therapy channel but as always great video 👍👍
This is my soon to be ex-husband's favorite Disney movie. Yes, he's most definitely Kuzko....
"The Emperor's New Groove" has been my most favorite animated movie and most rewatched since it first came out. And it wasn't a hit when it came out. I say, "Eh, Pacha?" a lot, and "llama face!" as well as "No, no. He's right," and "Why do we even have that lever?!?" Almost as quotable as Firefly!
It’s HAPPENING!! Everyone stay calm
Lines  that made it into my daily life: all of them.  Pacha and Chicha are family goals.   John Goodman is the one that's going to break me one day. He's given so many characters that I love his life.
😂😂😂❤
I watched the documentary of this movie and MAN did it go through a journey. So glad the finished product became what it is today. Shout out to the legend Eartha Kitt.   Special shout out to Kronk for teaching me to speak squirrel 😌
Please do Kronk
The thing I repeat is the "uh huh uh huh uh huh uh huh"  with the little strut.  I love that and have said that many times over the past 20 plus years
Taught my nephew to say “Theme song guy” when entering a room, with the point and all
There is a difference between not having empathy and just never having learned it. With the later there is a chance to learn. With the former there isn't, or at least its much, much harder.
I'm still hopefully waiting for a Weathering With You ep.  There's a pretty good amount in there to look at.  As I've said before, I particularly see a lot of emphasis on choice, on individually choosing where you're going to go and what you're going to do.  The level of the struggle, the weight of the choices, the meaning, can all be very different from the outside versus the inside.  An epic race to save someone can look like an idiot jogging on a railway from the outside.  But here lies another choice: do you try to dodge your guilt with claims that your actions didn't really change that much, or do you proudly stand tall and declare that yes, your choice mattered, you changed the world itself and chose the future, one full of joy and sorrow, but the only future that held what truly matters most to you.  You bet the world on your choice, and whatever comes of it, you'll be okay.  From what I've heard other Shinkai works also carry a lot of powerful material, though I honestly haven't seen many of them.  5 Cm Per Second, for example, tells a much more depressing love story, about a guy who can't let go of his childhood love.  Definitely a lot to unpack there, though I haven't watched it since I honestly feel like there's enough sad endings in the real world.  It's a story with deep meaning, perhaps, meaning that could be interesting to break down here, it's just not for me.
Love this movie its so underrated (Comment for the algorythm:) ) Also have you watched Nimona? :)
This is the most unfair film in Disney history, as it was a failure at the time it was released. What to say about The Emperor's New Groove? There is no Disney animation funnier than this, and I don't think there ever will be. The story is light, unpretentious, creative and full of twists, and the characters are simply hilarious (especially Yzma and Kronk.)  The humor is intelligent and not at all forced, which makes it fun for adults too.  In my humble opinion, best animated film of all time. With a spectacular message, not only for the target audience (kids), but also for adults. A fun story.  In short, The Emperor's New Groove was part of my childhood and will forever be in my top 10 animations...
This is my favorite movie, and usually I watch movies on the original lenguage (english in this case) BUT, the translation to Latin American Spanish it's outstanding.  When Yzma is sleeping and Kronks woke her in Spanish she said "¿QUÉ? ¡ESTABA SOÑANDO CON RICKY!" Wich translates to "What? I was dreaming with Ricky! (Martin)
Can you cover Nimona next?
My two thoughts: 1. Yzma said at one point that she practically raised Kuzko, and she behaves every bit like he did, so he most likely learned his manners and entitled attitude from her. 2. You can see Kuzko’s change of attitude even earlier when he and Patcha goes to Patcha’s house and he asks if it’s safe to leave Patcha’s wife and kids with Yzma and Kronk. He goes from not caring that a whole village becomes homeless to worrying about other people’s well-being even when he himself isn’t in danger.
Our saying is “PULL THE LEVER, KRONK!!”  Not sure why, but this is our go to whenever anyone asks one of us to do, pull, or hold something for them.  Also, “No no, he’s got a point…”🤣
Psychology of a Hero on Kronk??????🥺
Perfect! Guess I need to do a re watch of this movie again! ❤
That is one heck of a patreon ad. Whoever edited that deserves a raise!
I always thought part of being a narcissist is the fact that you actually hate yourself. But does Kuzko really hate himself or is that just not true for everyone?
Squeak Squeak Squeaken Squeaking Squek!
I love that while Pacha already has two small children of his own, he and Kuzco develop this kind of father-and-son dynamic over the course of the film. Pacha is basically babysitting a spoiled brat for the first half. But Pacha also recognizes Kuzco as a grown adult, is aware of his background, and lets him figure things out and marinate in his own individual thoughts, thereby challenging Kuzco's mindset of how he was raised and what he was taught. Pacha is seriously the best animated dad ever, and I like to believe Kuzco feels fortunate to have a kind father figure in his life, seeing that his parents were not at all present let alone mentioned. It warms my heart that he was welcomed by Pacha's whole family at the end, not as their prince but as part of them.
Look, I know this movie has a WHOOOOOOOOOOOLE backstory about it being this buddy drama, and having a whole soundtrack that Sting wrote (yes, from The Police - THAT Sting), and then a bunch of stuff had to scrapped cuz it didn't test well, and there were some hasty story replacements... but like. THIS WAS MY FAVOURITE MOVIE AS A KID!!!! I know every line of this movie to this day. I think it still holds up.
I was watching some of you guys videos yesterday and I literally thought: "I hope they do the Emperor's new groove" AND GOD HEAR ME!
Please Do A Villain Therapy On Yzma
What I wouldn't give for you guys to dissect Bojack Horseman, he is the most narcissist narcissist to ever narcissist
Awesome vid! Would love to see a Psychology of a Hero for Kronk. Such an awesome character.
Thank you! I have been waiting for y'all to do this for years!
This movie deserves the world
There's a movie called A Monster Calls, I recommend checking out. There's a psychological element to it that I think would be interesting to look into. Also, it has a bit of an emotional story to it. So if you check it out, have some tissues for Alan.
This was one of my favorites as a child, my sister and i can lipsinc every scenen 😂 thanks for covering it 😊❤
(Day 2?) I’ve got a good movie to recommend 😎 It’s called Song of the Sea. It’s a *beautiful* animated movie about a boy named Ben and his sister Searsha. Here are the topics shown in the movie 1. Loss of a lover 2. Loss of a mother 3. Taking care of kids while greaving 4. Neurodivergent kid? (might just be me)  5. And a LOT of symbolism through characters 5. Ben’s trama I love this movie and it’s a part of my childhood, I’d mean a lot if you guys covered it 🩷 I think Alan would have fun with this one 👀
YES! Emperor’s New Groove is one of my all time favourite movies, I basically have the script MEMORIZED 😂😂
A helpful thing ive learned, is you can't just point out someones inability to apologize because if they legitimately dont see where theyve done wrong itll be insincere. So what I ask people is "can you apologize, even when youve said/done nothing wrong, simply because the outcome hurt someone else?" If the answer is no; then thats unhealthy and you can work on it.   Accountability requires both self awareness to know when we mess up, and empathy to care about others regardless of fault. Imo.
15:49 When Kuzco was already on the safe side, no longer walking on the rickety bridge, and he had to go back on the bridge to say one more thing to Pacha lol one of my fave parts and people dont talk much about it. Kuzco is so stupid and full of himself. He could have shouted and not go back.  Update: Oh cool, they pointed it out here 18:10
Great video guys. And Jono, man, how often do you work out? You got some guns on you, bro.
how do 2 heterosexual men with wives and children have such huge couple energy
Since I know Jono speaks Spanish, I BEG you to watch this movie in the Latin American dub. The Shrek ones too. 😂
YESSS I LOVE EMPERORS NEW GROOVE
My favorite unpopular Disney movie 😍
My ex used to come out of the shower every day with an "epiphany" that all of her problems were caused by other people. She also called herself "the only empathetic person".   It's hard for people to be accountable if they can't self reflect without the starting point being "given I did nothing wrong, where do these problems come from"
I have three narcissists in my family. One left (fine with me), another “disowned me” (also fine with me), the third stays home with parents but my parents have finally started figuring out they can just say no. 😊
ive been waiting for this one
Love the emperors new groove! As for film recommendation; I would love to see you analyze the movie Evil by Mikael Håfström
Most underrated movie in Disney's experimental period
Pacha: Uh oh. Kuzco: Don’t tell me. Cinema Therapy’s doing a thing of our movie. Pacha: Yep. Kuzco: It’s gonna be informative and tell us information that we didn’t even know about? Pacha: Most likely. Kuzco: Bring it on.
This movie is TOO GOOD!!!!!!!💖
Please watch Kubo and the Two Strings
Please analyse Yzma 😂❤
I gotta put it out there, but watching this movie in Spanish is a treat
please do kronk's new groove !! love this video so much
The hard cuts in this movie must make Alan so happy😂
It says something about what generation you come from whether you say "No, I don't think I will" like Kuzco or like an old man on a bench
I worked with a narcissist who literally would check herself in her hand held mirror before she would go and do her filing. I didn't realize how dangerous a narcissist can be until I noticed she had a drinking problem. Hissy fit if she got carded and forgot her license and still expected to be served.
Yaaaaaaaassssss ❤❤❤ still watching but HORRAY 🎉
This channel has been paramount for my ongoing emotional maturity arc.
I love this movie!
If you already believe you are superior to everyone else, why change? It's a conundrum. Of course they could change, if they wanted to.
I got a Sierra ad during the video and I learnt that David Spade is the Sierra guy.
I don't know if my (estranged) dad is technically a narcissist, but he certainly had/has a lot of those traits. Whenever he decided he believed something, it was instantly 100% true to him, no one else could possibly know anything better, anyone who tried to correct him was clearly not only wrong but also foolish and should listen to him more. Every nice thing he ever did for anyone beyond the basic hug was conditional. "My daughter needs support in a rough time? Not unless she does things my way." "My son needs a co-signer on a loan for school? Not unless we write up a contract proving he'll pay me back with interest." "Sure, I canceled your medical insurance without telling you, but you don't give me enough attention, so I figured you don't deserve it." Etc. It was to the point where he'd rationalize his false beliefs and then dismiss literally *every expert or person in the entire world* who contradicted his rationalization; he once argued with me for 20 minutes because he believed a chain email and I pointed out it was false and made no sense, and then tried to prove me wrong with Google, and only stopped arguing when he couldn't find anything to back him up. (Still didn't apologize or even admit to being wrong, he just stopped talking.)  When I turned 18, I walked away and told him that I don't want him in my life anymore; now I basically only see him at family functions. (It's been about 15 years since then.) The most important lesson I learned growing up with him as my father is exactly who I *never* want to be. I base all my beliefs, as much as possible, on science and evidence, partly because I'm nerdy, but also because I *never* want to fall into the trap of "I believe this and can't be wrong because I want to be right" the way he always was. I never want to treat other people like they're idiots for disagreeing with me, and then it turns out they were right anyway. And I never, ever, want to just make up my own reality centered around myself instead of looking out into the world and seeing everything outside my own self-image.
"The Emperor's New Groove" was the greatest Warner Bros. cartoon Disney ever made.
This movie really is just one of those movies I can not watch for a few years and I still know half of all of the lines in this movie 😂 I love it
The jokes still hit! Love this film!!
I love that i was JUST talking about Yzma and Eartha Kitt to a co-worker a few min ago!!!!❤😂
He is so much like Jesper in Klaus
I'm so glad they finally did this movie. I feel like the emperor's new groove is vastly underrated
17:00 so is THAT the main difference between a Narc and a Psychopath? The fact that a Narc can change if they put in the effort? Serious question, I will turn the replies into mince meat if anyone tries to say something stupid over this.
I genuinely wish Disney would replicate their experimental phase or their golden era because right now it’s just cheap, disappointing live action remakes, that aren’t as good as the original.
Jono & Alan. Is there enough material analyze Kronk? Would he be considered a Co-Dependent too? Like Renfield?
Seems like there's a number of malignant or dangerous disorders where people add in the "symptom" of "unable to change".  Narcissism, psychopathy, just about any manner of perversion that would be criminal if acted upon, the moment the presence of these things is known the assumption is "don't, won't and can't change under any circumstances, so no choice but to get rid of them".  Thing is, I kind of suspect that that very treatment plays a role in making it difficult to change.  If you're surrounded by people who aren't truly supportive, who try to say nice things but let slip that in their minds you are this and will never escape from it, that makes it hard to develop and maintain the hope necessary to try.  Not to mention that if people don't trust you their empathy will be limited, which will in turn make it harder to empathize with them, and without any kind of satisfaction for the desire for social or emotional connection, it can be harder to resist the desire to seek or demand "connection" in other forms, sort of like not providing a fat man with healthy food might inspire him to run to the fast food joint they always visited before or something.  With just about any psychological problem, one thing that's crucial to success at dealing with or overcoming it is a support structure made of people who earnestly believe that the change can happen.  Doesn't mean they should put you in tempting situations like it's no longer a temptation.  But there's a big difference between telling a person dealing with diet problems "let's not go to this restaurant known for its heavy foods" and acting like there's no way that person won't go find junk food if given the slightest chance.
Despite the many great movies Disney has put out over the years, this continues to be my favourite one, and I'm still quoting it more than any other movie.
Disney's most underrated movie.
One of the subtle aspects of this movie that I love and that I think a lot of people don't notice is the arc Kuzco goes through to learn about his own efficacy. At the beginning, literally EVERYTHING is made easy for him. We see he does kinda still take care of "responsibilities" like launching a ship, "kissing"babies, etc. However are the tasks are brought to him and made incredibly easy. The wine bottle is on a rope to just swing at the ship right next to him. The kissing babies is just done with a stamp. And you can expect EVERYTHING in his life is like that.  Through the movie, we see him grow to learn that he is much more capable than he knows. He snatched Pacha from falling off a cliff and he was rightfully super proud of himself. He was panicking while they were trapped between the cliffs, but eventually linked arms with Pacha to help get himself free.  He learned he could be self-reliant and that is a POWERFUL thing.  This movie is so perfect in every single way.
I loathe each time i see the word narcissism thrown up on a video I otherwise watch... I mean this could been titled Self love vs egotism/ vanity/ selfishness. Using Narcissism in a negative fashion is stigmatizing to NPD a already highly stigmatized personality disorder. The community has repeatedly asked that people stop referring to vain, abusive and selfish  people as narcissistic.   Anyway for those who watched this how awful is it toward those of us with NPD? I really have refused to watch any their videos that feature NPD or DID as very few people actually cover either disorder with dignity.
For the thing about making a depressed person laugh and then pointing that out that is not always the case. For me people have done that to me in therapy and it makes me feel so much worse and want to hurt myself more because there is a difference between an in the moment laugh because of a joke and how I am actually feeling and I hate when someone does that.
NO STOP CAUSE I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR U GUYS TO COVER THIS MOVIE 😭♥️
This is really one of the most memorable movie EVER.
Let's just watch some shit Was such a vibe
I think a key part is that Kuzco is SEVENTEEN (turning 18). He is, by all accounts of current standards, still a child. That’s what also makes his antics hilarious because it’s believable that a 17-year-old raised as an emperor and surrounded by “Yes men” would ABSOLUTELY see himself as the smartest person in the room. Pacha is fundamentally just a dad dealing with another stubborn-ass kid. 😂😂😂
And Pacha’s family!!! I love every second we spend with them.  I love his wife’s growl, her need to clean to calm down, and her biting sarcasm. And his kids are spot on as loving kids, who still argue and compete with each other but that family unit is tight!
hell yeah one of the classics in my own list
Oh yeah!
7:13 Is that Stacy from Studio C?
Before this movie was released, my family got to see an early screening in Hollywood for free (I think lol). I was young, like 7 or 8, and I remember LOVING this movie when we saw it in the theater! I watched a documentary on the making of this movie, and it made it seem like that was the only early screening to the public that they did for it. In not sure if that’s true, but if it is I’m glad to be a part of the history of this movie lol
I saw the notification and went "oh yeah" with Kronk voice XD
24:33 lol love them
I have a question! I’m a writer who gravitates towards writing characters with strong narcissistic tendencies. Can narcissists show COMPASSION? I know the distinction is made with empathy, and you need a certain level of it for genuine compassion, but I’m curious about the possibility of exceptions and what they may look like.
Thank you so much!
Would love to see you guys talk about the road to el dorado movie.
Ok, I have to ask: why a llama? There has to be some symbolism, are llama's jerks?
Always wondered even as a kid how anything works in that empire with an emperor like that 😅 Love the character growth and Pacha’s wife (they have such a nice relationship). Disney’s more experimental time was awesome, also produced one of my absolute favorite Disney movies, which is Atlantis.  (Please do an episode on Atlantis 😂)
I’m so sad there was no comparison made between Kuzco and Kronk when the topic of speaking with your conscious came up…
Hope you could see it in Spanish, is such a ride and the jokes, I believe, are even better than in the original version.
i hope disney never does a prequel or another shit sequel to this. We got his 10 second backstory and it was perfect....you LITERALLY have all this mess to clean up when you spoil a child to this degree! We are lucky he didn't go Roman and try to take over the world!
I wonder if you could do klaus?
I'll go ahead and say it, some of Disney's BEST FILMS came from their experimental era. Emperor's New Groove, Lilo & Stitch, Atlantis, Brother Bear, TREASURE PLANET... maybe they were sleeper hits but they were SO GOOD. I guess I can attribute part of that to the fact that they weren't successful enough to be ruined by 14 sequels, TV spinoffs, straight-to-video releases and massive merchandising lines.
I love this movie. It's so funny and so great. I love Yzma wondering how Kusco turned out the way he did when she practically raised him.
Also Patcha provides an amazing contrast. His brand of exasperated compassion that frequently goes against his own interests is pretty endearing. Letting Kuzko die would have neatly solved all his strife but he just couldn't bring himself to do that.
Yes!!! Finally!!!! Thank you guys!!
so fun fact, Emperor's New Groove was actuary suppost to be a take on the prince and the pauper titled Kingdom of the Sun, and Eartha Kit was suppost to do a song called Snuff out the light. The song is on youtube, and it's amazing and i wish they kept it.
6:55 I would also add John DeLancie to that list.
Just looked up the original ending, and I think Sting made the right call to get it changed. Kuzco demolishes a rainforest in the original ending to build a theme park, which is absolutely the wrong ending.
One of my favorite Disney movies of all time, and probably the one I’ve rewatched and quoted the most! Genuinely astonishing too how this was almost a totally different movie at one point, and that somewhere somehow the production team was able to make comic gold on such a compressed timeline.
We need a whole episode on Kronk, both in this movie and Kronk's New Groove. I do not CARE what aspect about him or his storyline is analyzed I just need this himbo blueprint to be the focal point
Thank you for making this video. I did almost shear a tear in the end.  The Emperor's New Groove was my childhood and it taught me about true empathy and selflessness. People keep arguing about how Kuzco is unlikable and a horrible character, but throughout the film, not only you see that his selfishness has a charm which backfires on him, but deep down he has a layered soft spot that is explored and discovered masterfully during the movie.
As much as I love this movie (it's my second favorite behind Ratatouille)  Nothing had me dying laughing more than the mildly unhinged Patreon clips  Always makes my day brighter when you guys upload both the good and the bad ones ❤
13:55  this question paired with Alan's answer reminds me of Diego in Ice Age where he fully intended to lead them to his pack to be eaten, but then changed his mind after spending time with them.  Have you guys reviewed Ice Age yet ???  Lots of good character structure to review with that trio !!!!   ❤❤❤
Squeaky squeak squeak, squeak squeaken
Hands down the funniest animated Disney film ever produced. And it's got a surprising amount of heart to go with all of the top-notch comedy. Given the absolute mess that it was to make behind the scenes, it's an amazing result.
This just reminds me that there was a time when celebrity voice casting was actually good. Before we ended up with Chris Pratt as Mario. ???
Regarding addiction and narcissisms,  I think addiction makes people narcissist or more accurately solipsist because it completely narrows their world to them and their fix.  One of my favorite portrayals of this is "Rachel Getting Married."  It's so difficult to watch that I've only seen it once, but some of the scenes live in me.  Anne Hathaway is BRILLIANT.  If you ever choose to therapize addiction and family, this might be the film for it.
This was the first movie me and younger brother were allowed to go see by ourselves. It’s probably my second favorite right behind lilo and stitch
The Cactus is THE best attention to detail moment in any film EVER.
Emperor's New Groove is so good
I need you guys to review "Belle" by director Mamoru Hosoda please!
It's interesting the point about nature vs nurture. It's possible to give a child a lot of material things and great experiences but also teach them to be grateful for those and say their pleases and thankyous. Kuzko's caregives clearly didn't get the second part down.
Cinema therapy danganronpa!  Let's make it happen!
The fact that Kronk is also The Tick is weirdly hilarious to me.... Also, when living with somebody with NPD, especially somebody with both NPD and Psychopathy, those boundaries you mention are really key. I think it's interesting to look at Kronk, who is selfless, but with no real boundaries, so ends up a henchman. Like the opposite extreme to Kuzco.
I've been waiting for this one. You guys had me laughing though the whole video.
Monarchies not great... No. But neither is your 'billionaire crushes everyone else for the sake of a false american dream'. And at least we look critically at monarchies.
This movie has always held a special place in my heart from the time it was released! Now I get to share it with my own kids:) it's such a simple, straightforward storyline that is easily accepted/digested for youngin's! ♡
BOOM BABY, CINEMA THERAPY’S NEW GROOVE (I really love this movie lol thank you for going over this)
apparently there wasn't a script for this movie.  they just "made the movie"
I love them playing with a very reoccurring story in a lot of folktales in a lot of places and periods, the spoiled Prince is changed. Its important with Kuzco, that hes a very spoiled teen with unchecked empiric power. He was raised by the villain, and his interaction with a normal person and a bit of a father figure, and the humbling of his journey- well it helps
Kuzcoooooooooooooo
"You threw off my groove!" Is something that I say at when someone has knocked me off my flow. When the husband and I game together he will answer with "I'm sorry but you threw off the Empress's groove."
A Sierra Ad played after I clicked on this video 😆
I think what sells Kuzco's evolution as a character is the way the story really beats him up and how all of it is a consequence of his actions and in the end it makes him see exactly how his actions have come back to him.  Because he is an absolute monster early on and that's usually a killer for a character.
So excited!! My sister was like YO GUESS WHAT WHEN I SEARCHED EMPEROR'S NEW GROOVE CINEMA THERAPY THEY HAVE IT NOW!!! And was bouncing off the walls. Congrats!! This is so great!!
Today I realized I’ve never actually sat down and watched Emperor’s New Groove. Gonna try to remedy that this week.
As Palpatine would say, this video was a surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one.
"Hey' I've been turned into a cow, can I go home?"
So...what about addicts who DO realize they have a problem but still have problems with said addiction? Any advice? I'd say I'm asking for a friend but...I'd then I'd have to lie about having friends and well I'm not gonna add liar to my personality traits 😅
I was literally thinking yesterday that you guys should make a video about this movie!
“Baby steps” wasn’t there a movie therapist who said that? Oh yeah… What About Bob.
This movie is such a gem! The kind you forgot about and rewatch as an adult and it's just fabulous. Also, I can't think of any hidden dirty jokes, an impressive feat in my opinion!
Omgosh this movie is so great. Deff under appreciated in at the time. My partner and me quote this to each other CONSTANTLY=)
I have a question that I've been wanting to ask all the fans of the Emperor's New Groove in like forever: Does Kuzco really deserved the throne? If he didn't change, I will say that Yzma is a better candidate. Heck, she was the one who has been governing the Empire in his place for like who knows when! And she did a pretty good job keeping the Empire together. To be exact, she didn't even need to do what she did in the movie. She just let him rule for real for a day and everything will become a total mess, peoples will be rioting or even starting rebellions. And when Kuzco started putting these riots and rebellions down with cruel brutality, I have no doubt that the citizens will chose Yzma over him.
Noice 🎉
I'm of such mixed feelings on this one because the guy who was making this film originally had a vision he was aiming for and they basically took that away from him and he left the project over it, so we'll never see what he was originally going to make. But at the same time, the end result we got is also really good.  :\
Such an underrated movie. Thanks for doing this one!
This movie actually helped me learn to stand up to my biomom who is far more narcissistic than Kuzco.
You guys have no control over or knowledge of this. But I got an ad earlier that featured David Spade as a spokesperson. So thanks for that 2 minute glow up. I agree with your opinions.
I love this movie so much. Really happy to see it show up here!  Story time: A number of summers ago I was working as a Youth Mental Health Counselor at a summer Cadet training center. In my office building we had our Padre and our Conflict Resolution Manager. A lot of our caseload was dealing with youth who had gotten into conflicts that ended with physical attacks or bullying attacks. The year before, we had a different Padre and I had printed out a sign for my office with Kuzco saying No Touchy! When the new Padre arrived, he noticed it right away and we spent the rest of the summer quoting this movie to each other. Several years later and it is still one of my best memories of that job. I no longer work there.
If anything, Yzma shows the side of narcissism that doesn't change. So the movie kind of shows both sides when you think about it.
The story behind the making of this film is bonkers. It shouldn't exist in this form. Movies With Mikey has an excellent video on this film that people should watch.
On that last bit on apology, Kuzco apologized genuinely to the old man he threw out the window, someone he didn’t grow with on his journey and then did that playful apology with Pacha
So here's an interesting question... As it pertains to your comment about how narcissists can change, I feel like in this movie, Kuzco only changes because he can't do it alone. I wonder if you think he would have changed even if he had been able to get back to the palace by himself. I ask because I look at narcissists that exist in our society today and I wonder: You say they can change, but do you really think any of them will? I'm 40 years old and this movie is still teaching me things and making me think!!! I LOVE IT SO MUCH!!!
emperor's new groove is a big succes in Brazil, this animation is hilarious. i think disney sholud do more comedy animation because this one definetly works out!!
Can't believe this masterpiece's runtime is only 78 minutes
I am obsessed with this movie. I was not a David Spade fan but love him in this movie. Your statement of bad scripts definitely may have been the reason. That's why I love this channel. ❤🎉
I love this movie!!
I think they depicted how the narcissist is able to entrap the victim who has high moral standards. Which makes that whole back stab and betrayal hurt so much worse and the narcissist making a joke out of it
There is a section from G. K. Chesterton‘s book orthodoxy which says:   Are there no other stories in the world except yours; and are all men busy with your business? …how much happier you would be if you only knew that these people cared nothing about you! How much larger your life would be if your self could become smaller in it; if you could really look at other men with common curiosity and pleasure; if you could see them walking as they are in their sunny selfishness and their virile indifference! You would begin to be interested in them, because they were not interested in you. You would break out of this tiny and tawdry theatre in which your own little plot is always being played, and you would find yourself under a freer sky, in a street full of splendid strangers.  That’s how I feel about narcissism
21:56 that saying makes me think of the song "Rule Britannia" where the lyrics literally goes "Britons never shall be slaves"... 😂
Yaaaasssss!!!! I too have beej wondering about that for some time too!! 0:00 - 0:13
Omg! You did an Emperor's New Groove video!  *tears* "I'm. So. Happy!"
One youtuber pointed out that one thing that makes this movie so loved is that it excels in "nonsense humor". Which, as these guys point out, isn't pop culture jokes or political humor. It's timeless, and in this movie, endlessly hilarious. It was underappreciated when it was first released, but I'm glad it has the love it deserves now
Movies like this are why voice actors need to be considered for Oscars!!! Come on Academy!
I love The Enperor's New Groove so much, it's genuinely so funny and gets funnier the more you watch it. It has the energy of an hour long Looney Toons skit
Day 1 of asking you guys to do a vid on Wonder (2017).  The multi-POV storytelling of that movie has SO MUCH TO TALK ABOUT
Every time I see you guys post a new video, especially if it's an animated movie, I always think, "Wow, this is something I didn't know I needed."
You make me want to rewatch it. I didn’t like this movie at first cause kuzko just made me so irrationally furious. After therapy- and realizing my dad was a narcissist and addict- I now enjoy this movie so much
One of my bests!! Thank you Alan and Jono! <3
Yaaaaaaay Emperor’s New Groove 🧡💛 this has been my favorite movie since childhood!!!
We need a video for Yzma and Kronk!
Love this movie! Sad you didn't have a little Eartha Kitt appreciation moment though, she's amazing as Yzma. Would love a follow up looking at Pacha as a hero!
I is my favorite thing when I start watching old videos to get my cinema therapy fix and I get a new video
For someone practically raised by Yzma I think he turned out pretty good.
Love the Kronk voice. Especially Alan!
Lines that I just randomly speak throughout my day:  "Oh yeah, it's all coming together."  "Well you got me. By all accounts it doesn't make sense."  "Hey, I've been turned into a cow, can I go home?"  "Bring it on."
You joke about the lab blowing up at the start of the video, but the production of this movie was notoriously hectic. There is a documentary called "The Sweatbox" by Trudie Styler, who was married to Sting (who did the music for Emperor's New Groove.) Originally the movie was a darker drama, based off the Prince and the Pauper, but it was a tonal mess. New writers got brought on, director troubles, drama, etc. The final movie was made in under a year after nearly starting from scratch, only keeping the concept art.
Wait, what was that about Sting?  YOU CAN'T JUST DROP THAT AND THEN END THE VIDEO
I'm so happy for you guys to react to my all time favourite animated movie!
@CinemaTherapyShow Hey can you guys do Spider-Man Across the Spider Verse and Josee the Tiger and the Fish please
Fun fact: Chicha is the only pregnant woman in any Disney movie that never died.
Oh wow, thank you for this one! I love this movie and I love the way you speak about it and highlight all the important things that make it so great!
Love this movie! Now you have to do an episode about Kronk growing out of his codependent relationship with Ysma.
Llama face 😭😭😭
Kuzco does still have his pride, and Pacha recognizes that.  It's an apology and a reassurance -- "stuck on the tuneless hill forever," right? -- that lets them both save face.  Still . . . seriously now, why *does* she have that lever?
I wish someone would do a review on "Man Up" even if it's these guys. Though I think they do it the best.
I can't speak to it with complete confidence, since it's a story I read a long time ago. This movie was actually completed without an official script of any kind. Things like the trampoline scene near the end were made up completely on the fly, because it was randomly suggested during the board process as a joke before someone basically said "You know what, yeah, let's do that." The entire movie is just one shot from the hip after the other, and I am always so delighted that I can come back to it 5, 10, and 15 years after the fact and have as much of a fun time as I did the first time watching it.
I'd love to see you guys do a video about the anime Belle~
I love this movie 🎥
I love the line about all kids are narcissists, even if it was just in jest, cuz the birthday Kuzco is looking forward to is his 18th birthday. He is still a teenager. His pre-frontal cortex isn't fully developed yet. Combine that with how his was raised, no wonder he is the way he is.
Yzma: Why, I practically raised him. Kronk: Yeah, you'd think he would've turned out better. Yzma: Yeah, go figure.
Also we got to take into consideration that Kuzco is only supposed to be like 17 years old. So he’s still a child. Blew my mind when I learned that.
Oh God, lines from this movie that have made it into my life; "It's brilliant, brilliant, BRILLIANT!", and "LLAMA FAAAAAAAACE!", and "It's my birthday gift to me!", and "BOO-YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!", and anything to do with Kronk. Can you tell I like this movie? This is usually my best friend and I playing off of one another, and 'It's my birthday gift to me" becomes 'It's my birthday gift to thee" on the other person's birthday.
I always jump on pretty fast with I see a new Cinema Therapy episode but this week may set the record! V for Vendetta and Emperor's New Groove in the same week? What is this? Christmas?
"How do u direct an actor used to regulat production for voice acting?" Hire a goddamn voice actor. Some actors can make the transition better than others. Fantastic Mr. Fox gets props for how they recorded their voices.
Love this coverage of the early 2000s Disney… I wonder if there will be room for Psychology of a Hero for everyone’s favorite Iguanodon, Aladar from Dinosaur (2000)? 👀
I feel like Kronk deserves his own episode. Possibly about misguided good intentions or something of that nature.
A few months ago, I watched this and Nimona back-to-back. It hit me like a truck when I realized that i just happened to watch the only two films in the world where a main character transforms into a pink whale and crashes through a floor to escape some guards that are chasing them.
I'm mexican, and i grew with the latinamerican version. and I feel the english version like... off. specially with the jokes. but it keeps the nature of the characters in the acting
can you guys do spiderman acros the spiderverse and especially gwenn
Literally my one of my favourite comedy, wholesome childhood movies🤩
As someone who has two NPD parents, and I live with one of them currently, I can tell you that while most Narcissists do not change (bc they don’t think they need to), what they are capable of is learning to behave.  Idk if this is a bad comparison, but in a way, it is like working with a wild, undomesticated animal. They have a lot about them to be admired, and they can even learn how to behave and treat people well, but at the core, you Cannot forget what they actually are. It’s a very fine line to walk, because placing trust in another person can really change how that person thinks/feels, and sees the world, but so often that sets you up for pain and disappointment, or even harm, depending on the situation.  All I can say is have clear boundaries and be able to protect yourself if you have a Narcissist in your life, and go with God, or any other powerful belief or force you put faith in, because boy you are going to need it.
Oh, 100% he doesn't mean it in the handshake scene, but you can tell when Pacha is staring him down that part of him WANTS to mean it. But he even says to him on the bridge, "I had to say something to get you to take me back," so he's manipulating him for sure. But he's TORN between "This is a nice guy" and "Nice guys finish last, and deserve to". I'm not a psychologist, eh, but because I'm visually impaired, I taught myself half subconsciously how to read body language. Don't look at the face all the time, eh: look at the BODY. It's revealing. In real life, anyway.
My family LOVE quoting Kronk! It’s our weird sense of humor, lol 😂
Such a bizarre difference between what the movie was going to be and what it is. Kinda sad we didn’t get the epic musical where Yzma summoned the Incan god of death to block the sun.
Glad to see you saving all your Yzma commentary for the inevitable Villain episode! It's gonna be great I can tell
Please milk this movie for ALL its worth!! At least one video for every main character…and the squirrel!
I would have loved to hear you talk more about Kronk and Yzma - they are SUCH great characters in this movie. I understand focusing on the narcissism of Kuzco though, but man Kronk and Yzma are some of my favs - especially Kronk. He's the worst henchman because he's such a kind soul really, just a bit (a ton) naive.
So many lovely episodes this weekend :)
What's Yzma's diagnosis? NPD too? I think Kronk might be something like Codependency or something. He seems to be the Renfield in the situation or something. Anyway, thanks for tackling this movie. I love this movie.
Also, do you guys plan on doing serious historical movies? Like Downfall, Das Boot or The Baader Meinhof Complex? Or would those be too heavy?
Not one of my favourite channels commenting on one of my favourite movies of all time. Christmas came early this year!
❤❤❤
The Emperor's New Groove is an absolute classic! I always loved the main plot of the film, A spoiled narcissistic prince ends up transformed into a Llama and in the process goes on a journey of self discovery and he becomes a better person for it in the end.
As a peruvian who loves this channel, movies (this movie specifically) and needs therapy I approve this analysis.
A movie with a message that doesn't take itself seriously. Quite an achievement.
Can we have a video exploring Kronk and Ysmas relationsip/villanship?
Waiting on y'all to do Atlantis and then you'll have the full Trifecta of massively underrated Disney movies
I love how Kuzco changes through the movie but at his core remains the same person, or at least pretending to be. He doesn't go around like the Grinch who Stole Christmas giving all the gifts back, he just claims Patcha lied to him so he'll build his summer home on a nicer hill. I love that.
Guuuys you cant possibly say "oh btw sting made the ending change" and then proceed to not explain anything ajshjajskaja
I'm glad you are finally covering the best Disney princess
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES! Kuzco is my favourite Disney princess. 🤣 Okay, this makes me feel better about myself in terms of Narcissistic Personality Disorder, because I WORRY I'm a narcissist, but as you delineate the symptoms, uh, no, actually, I'm not. Thank God. I DO talk a lot, y'all know that if you read this stuff, but this is more me venting than it is, "HEY! LOOK AT ME BEING SMART!" Also, Yzma? BEST Disney villain. I will hear no argument or contradiction.
Please talk about Azula from Avatar.
If you haven't seen Song of the Sea, I HIGHLY recommend watching that.  It was one of the most emotionally beautiful and healing movies I've ever seen.
Can I suggest doing an episode on Wonder, about the family’s dynamics? I think it’d be really interesting to see.   Or, an episode on Pocahontas. I don’t know what you guys would talk about, I just want to see Alan cry at Colors of the Wind.
This one was great! I love this movie so much. Kuzco and Pacha have a wonderful relationship, and Pacha doesn't just give Kuzco a good dose of reality. His whole family teaches Kuzco about how to love and treat others, and they give Kuzco the family he hasn't had in a long time. Another aspect I'd love to see yall analyze is the relationship between Yzma and Kronk. Despite how good Pacha and Kuzco are, Yzma and Kronk stole the whole movie with their hilarious dynamic. They're the absolute epitome of opposites attract. Thank yall for another wonderful video!! Have a blessed day!
nice
Kuzco is by far my favourite Disney Princess
To this day my entire family watches this movie and still laughs hard
Helluva Boss, maybe?
The lack of Kronk is this video about self love is craaazy😭🤣nah but fr I hope that a Kronk video is in the works, he is the epitome of a himbo, and his whole arc feels to me like a great exploration of nature vs nurture, and parental expectations!
I’m hoping you'll talk about Cars someday
Riiight, the movie, the movie about Kuzco, the movie specifically chosen to be about Kuzco; Kuzco's movie... that movie?
Literally my favorite movie of all time.
This and ElDorado are top tier
I will die on this hill: The Emperor's New Groove is a spin on The Emperor's New Clothes. Besides that, this's got me craving watching this brilliance again and again
Thank you for this!  If you get a chance to get back around to this I'd love an analysis of Pacha, he is an incredible role model of compassion and integrity. He's my Aragorn.
OMG THANK YOU FOR DOING THISS
And the song, "My Funny Friend and Me", has one of the best lyrics I have ever seen 🥺💖🫶🏻 thank you internet dads for this video!
Genes don't make concepts they protien if a act is genetic its easier to  change by overiding the genes
Please watch Weathering With You. It's from the same director of Your Name.
Finally- y’all did one of my favorite movies❤❤❤❤ I LOVED this movie🎉🎉
Would you ever consider doing Psychology Of A Sidekick for Kronk? Is he really a villian, all that? I'd love to see that! Great video, I love Emperor's New Groove 😅
don't you DARE say Riverdance isn't timeless as well
Please make a video about the movie A Man Called Otto
Once upon a time, voice acting casts always recorded together. As technology got better, they separated the actors more and more. I think the former way was better, personally.
One of my greatest ambitions in life is to find a ride in a water park where you drop down a chute at the push of a button, tell the guy to “Pull the lever, Krunk” when I’m ready to go, and then shout “WRONG LEVER!!!” on the way down
When I saw this I said “let’s gooooo!” Out loud
Do Kronk next.
OMG! This is my favorite movie! SO underrated. In college, my best friend and I bonded over many things Disney, specifically The Emperor's New Groove. When I was having trouble understanding Id, Ego, and Superego for my psychology exam, she helped me by using the example of Kronk talking to his Shoulder Angel and his Shoulder Devil. We watch this movie every time we reunite and get together. 😊 So happy that Cinema Therapy is covering this one! My best friend and I are also big fans of Cinema Therapy!  Fun Fact: The guy that Kuzco throws out the window is the original voice actor for Piglet in Winnie the Pooh!!!!!  :D
This is one of my favorite movies.  Not enough Kronk and Yzma, but I'll forgive.  David Spade is awesome.  Thanks for exploring it.
in Kuzco's defense on being a narcist, the incan emperor historically was treated as a god, even after death. When the Spanish conquistadors took over, the current emperor was already dead and the guards were defending the corpse to their own demise, so it was the culture that made him a narcist too. (at least according to one world civ's college history teacher). I love this movie though. "oh right the poison, the poison for kuzco, kuzco's poison..."
Yes, lines from this movie in everyday life. When the cat is playing and suddenly stops when my husband walks in the room: “you threw off the emperors groove!” LOL
My favorite movie, of course I have to watch this one.
Please, make a video about Ordinary People by Robert Redford
okay, this is weird, I was JUST watching this movie last night and then this video pops up.  How Serendipitous.
FINALLY
If they gave out animation Oscars for Supporting Actor, Kronk would win the lifetime achievement award
YESSS!!!! One of my favorite movies of all time! Thank you so much for covering this one 🎉
I was excited to watch this movie because Im from Bolivia and having a Disney movie that was placed in the Andes was very exciting for me. The fact the Emperor is a Llama was hilarious to see and some of the cultural references about the jungle, waterfalls and environment made me happy. In Bolivia people keep herding llamas and we even have a dance for llama herders called Llamerada
(13/25 minutes ago - I'm early!) Thank you for making these videos ❤
Thanks Hanni from NewJeans for reccommend this awesome channel, Kuzco was 1 of my fav disney series
This movie is epic! And Alan said what I felt but couldn't put it into words "spetacular comedy timing and atemporal comedy"
Yzma is one of my favorite villains too. Eartha Kitt is perfect in the role.
Just made my day
Nice! Excellent movie to analyze!
The more I watch Cinema Therapy, the more I keep thinking to myself, “Oh yeah, it’s all coming together.”
THEY FINALLY DID IT.
Thank you for doing this movie! It's very comforting to hear you guys discuss the behaviors and the characters of this iconic movie 🍿!
This has been one of my comfort movies for the longest time!
the Barbie speech well life is full contradicts but making things uniquely female is just narcissism
Boom babe
I loved that there was no unnecessary romance subplot, but it was more about found family, and Kuzco learning to be a better person, thanks to Pacha and his patience.
Kuzco is my fave !! 💕  Can you please make a video on abuse ? Childhood abuse, mother and father wounds and the pain of healing them.
Yzma and Kronk really stole the show, and were the most memorable Disney Villains. Eartha Kitt and Patrick Warburton clearly had a blast voicing them.
Narcissist  often want problems identified uniquely their and others to shut up and while go in how have the worst problems all extremal and all uniquely theirs.  Why do you think the Barbie move was successful. Because of Ukraine. And the movie told the default majority population because how easy they have it what want to hear.
It is okay to be nice to someone who doesn't deserve it. Even if its the emperor who says they are going to tear down your house.
Yessssssss!! I've been waiting for this!!
Fan fact - Kuzko in Polish sounds almost like "kózka" (pronounce koo-zka), which means little goat. As a child I always wondered whether Kuzko was a llama or a goat 🤣  Plus the goat's stubborn nature suited Kuzko perfectly.
Another good exploration of narcissism is Eddie Brock in Spider-Man 3, especially if you count the novelization. Man, the movie only scratched the surface with that p.o.s.
You should do Stargate the original movie and suicidal grief.
I had no idea David Spade was the invincible man in Hotel Transylvania until this video. I do not know how I didn't pick that up initially
i realized this about feminist after your response to the barbie movie. It's not about having problems valudated it's about having other peoples problems invalidated . Why they want men to shut up and listen. Instead of share to and relate. It's group victim narrism
YAY I'm early to a video one of the best Disney protags!!!!
Such an underrated movie! One of my favourites.
Kuzco's arc is probably the best arc I've ever seen. Everything about it feels real, and by the end, it feels earned. And the fact it's an arc in a comedy? I'll never get over it
This movie did NOT get enough credit from Disney.
Good pick! ❤️‍🔥👻👻🙏
I absolutely love the brazilian dub of this movie. Selton Mello does a wonderful job as Kuzco, his timing and delivery are perfect.
Still one of my favorite movies, not just in Disney's history, but in history. My friend and I quote this movie ALL the time, as well as it's sequel.
YAY I’M EARLY AND IT’S MY FAVORITE MOVIE I LOVE TODAY
8:35 "We have exaggerated super villains in real life" Yeah, the number of news stories where someone behaves so cartoonishly villainous is insane
This is the flash Cosplayer you met at fan x saying BOOM BABY
IS IT MY BIRTHDAY ALREADY? No, but it feels like it!!!!!!
❤
Kuzco is a great example of how you can grow up in a very spoiled family and grow to be Narcissistic (and maybe even the opposite type of family), but how a new perspective, can change your entire life sometimes.
Please do video essays on the following: -Dracula Untold -Thank you for your Service  -The Covenant  -Spider-Man: Across the Spider-verse -John Wick series
Meow
My brother and I were obsessed with this movie as kids and still quote it to this day
I am waiting so hard for cinema therapy to explore some autistic representation, for example, in megamind. Especially because it is so often looks like narcissism or antisocial disorder which makes it even more interesting for breaking down megamind
Thank you so much!
I was just watching your Gilderoy video earlier! This is great!
I grinned so wide when I saw this! ❤️ This movie was my childhood and to this day, I am still quoting this movie 🤣❤️
Such an underrated film! Also Kronk is my dream man
Yes! Time to psychoanalysis my favorite Disney Princess! This is just the pick me up I needed.
Ah yes, the movie I had memorized as a kid and my sister watched every day for a year straight.  There's a reason for those things and it goes way beyond me and my sister's lunacy.
YAASSSS one of my favorite movies ever!!!!!
I caught the post early! This instantly improved my day.
Love this movie and also give it up for Tom Jones!!
Internet dads reacting to emperor's new groove. a dream come true 🙌
IT'S HEEEEEEERE!!!! IT'S FINALLY HEEEEEERE!! KUZCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! (many thanks, guys, I've been waiting for this for a loooooong time) Edit: though I have to admit that the Brazilian dubbing is soooo much funnier than the original dubbing
this will be amazing, i can already tell ☝️😩
YESSSS SO EXCITED FOR THIS ONE! aggressively underrated movie.
I love this movie!!!
I watched this movie so much as a kid I can quote it front to back, and I still think it’s hilarious to watch 😂😂
I would love to see some video game thearpy. I wanna see kratos get assessed or the relationship between vergil and dante the sons of sparda from devil may cry. There are loads of video game characters who present interesting psychology and storytelling.
Omg I'm so early 😂 Love you guys, I'm therapy again because of you. Thank you for doing your internet dad thing.🩵😌
This movie was my medicine upon my sunshine. I’m glad you did this movie review 💜
You really should do Over The Garden Wall.
I loved this movie so much when I was younger so underrated thank you for covering it!
I've been waiting for an Emperor's New Groove episode since Alan mentioned it in their Megamind episode. GROOVY! 🦙🧪
YOU THREW OFF MY GROOVE!!!!!!!!!
The speed that I clicked the button when I saw the title. 😂 I love this movie, I've been waiting for this.
One of my favorite more recent Disney films. Very underrated. Also, the only role I enjoy David Spade in.
Definitely an underrated Disney film with the best characters, especially the villain, and a good lesson. One you can quote from beginning to end because it’s so iconic 😊
Good more good
I saw this movie in the theatre with my family, and I remember not liking it as a kid—was so different from previous Disney films. But my appreciation for it has grown over the years. There is some great humour and the character development and writing is fantastic.
This movie is genuinely one of the funniest movies ever made
Film is made out of cellulose, so technically Disney does make films out of chemicals.
You guys have done all of my favorite movies lately!! 😜 I was so excited for this one I giggled at work
What no comment yet? First then. :)
The humor in the emperors groove is just amazing, its childish and theres nothing wrong with that😽
PULL THE LEVER ALAN
Ah yes the therapy, the therapy for Kusco, kuscos therapy…..
Pull the lever Kronk!
Kuzko is still by far the greatest princess to exist!
I love Pacha❤
THE MOVIE OF MY CHILDHOOD LET’s GOOOOO IM HYPED THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I love this movie so much! Love your guys’s content!! ❤❤❤❤
WHAT’S HIS NAME???
i LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!!
Omg best birthday gift eveeeer! Hehe
Classic
The best part of the week!
So happy for this one!!! This has been my favorite Disney movie from my entire childhood!
I love this movie!!!! I’m so glad you guys are covering this!!!!
Hi
