I have wanted to periodically refresh some of the older vids on the channel. Especially those which had audio ruined by a weird youtube reprocess. I'll also take the opportunity to add a few extra thoughts, small details, any updates etc etc. - - Probably next up will be Vigilus Part 2 - - of course need to also talk about Leviathan this coming week.
good night
good night
A hard-gore noisy melee weapon, whats not to love? Just dont ask trees.
One day I'd love to own a replica of a chainsword, even if the chain doesn't function (although I'm sure people have made these replicas with operational chains)
I'd assumed that the chainswords just foregoed cutting and were built durable as ripping weapons, like a 40k version of a spoon.
I just paid 30.dollard for.this
I see so many people ripping chainswords as infeasible... with current tech, yes. The key part is mono-molecular edging and a miniaturized power source/motor. The latter is actually the most unbelievable part to me
It would be great if Stihl brought out a mono molecular chain for their chainsaws. However I’m not sure how they could be safely installed on the bar.
While this surely might not apply as much in the Warhammer 40,000 world--as we have seen, the imperium regularly values any piece of technology more highly than a human life--in combat with a regular single-edged sword, parrying/blocking with the dull side is almost always a bad idea. Parrying with the sharp edge WILL damage the blade, but it also allows you to exert more force against your opponent's blade in order to push it aside, AND it allows you to keep your sharp edge always facing your opponent so that you are always ready to strike. Accounts and manuals written by historical swordsmen will always tell you to parry with the sharp edge of the blade. A strong sharp-edge parry like this may chip or dull the blade, but a weak parry may cost you your life.
My biggest issue with Cainswords isn't their ability to cut through flesh, bone and armour. I can suspend disbelief over that quite easily. What I don't get is how the BOX CASING of the chain manages to get through the cut. For most of the Cainswords, it looks like the blade can only cut so deep before the casing contacts the wound. At that point, the weapon can go no further. For Chainswords to work as depicted, they'd have to use - amusingly enough - modern chainsaw design. That is to say, the chain needs to be thicker than the framework which holds it to shape. *edit* Or I suppose if the casing were sloped on the side of the blade, like the blade of a regular knife.
I wonder if these would work in real life :P
I came up with this idea before i heard of of wh40k. I called them auto blades.
อเรา แค แ
"Highly-skilled incense burning abilities of a tech priest"  I fuckin love you
Man we need a good singleplayer RPG for 40k so bad
Fun fact, as the chainswords only have one edge they are sabres and not swords.
Axes chop wood, bows and spears can be used to hunt animals, but swords? There's only a single reason why a human would carry a sword: to kill other humans. And despite of that, or even because of that, it was a huge status symbol.  The symbols we use to convey status says a lot about us doesn't it. In the grim darkness of the far future, and the entire rest of human existence, there is only war.
Some chainswords also use power cells not too dissimilar to that found on the ubiquitous lasgun, where commissar caiphus Cain noted to recharging his chainswords power cell, making it ideal in a war zone where file supplies might be limited and rather than running around looking for a bit of spare fuel, he could simply plug the power cell into a power pack charger and in half an hour, bish bash bosh
Not to mention the simple fact of the matter in who unlike most cutting weapons ie lightsabers which yes would be moderately to decently be effective against say an ork, but considering the level of damage when a single strike can produce from a clean cut vs a ripping action like that of the chainsword
Used to watch your videos years ago. So happy that you're still doing it. Time to watch even more.
"Limbing" 😅👌
I thought that only Astartes had super-strength bio-upgrades. How are the Sororitas and regular street gangers able to use chain-swords?
a elegant weapon for a more uncivilised age
Chains word tech is for me an equivalent of machetes for star-faring civilization .  When you are on a remote world, you need something fairly simple to employ and maintain for cutting wood clearing grass , xeno and anything in between.  That’s why  techpriests couldn’t trace their origin it’s a very common chop chop  used by virtually anyone maybe since the time of the ancient.  I could easily imagine a colonist on pretty unreliable planets using the same kind of supply (fuel, nanometer blades , replacement pieces) to maintain his chainsaw , agricultural gear and the tool for xeno diplomacy.   And I think the deterrent effect of big loud  choping  tool is way more universal than just humanity. Few xenos are has nuts has tyrranids and orks .  Swords are specifically designed for killing humans and would do the jobs more cheaply. However I think chainsord had depicted in 40k are a wonderful close quarter weapon when you need to quickly maim something without extensive knowledge of their biology.  Maybe it’s even way better for the sanity of the user to not use him on his own kind.  And most chainswords doesn’t really matter when you realize that there were more probably lifted by humans and eldars robots than themself.  And that fuels my tough about humanity  Dark Ages which was maybe not so « bright » that we might think because humans at this time have developed very nasty things like knights mecha and thrones ,   servitors ancestor tech,  and probably chainswords.  Maybe in the DAOT the big megacorporation owning near servitor overworked salaryman  neurowired to their desktop could afford cutting edge killing nanits  to free their corporate planet from orks.  But for the average joe in a shithole, the big choppa and private security service was always a thing.
Chainsword duels would be an interesting concept. If the blades met, the direction of the teeth would affect which way each blade would be thrown.
"Wahey! I've been given a blade with a mono-molecular edge!"  "Damn. How am I supposed to store the fucker? It keeps cutting through whatever I put it in."
As a twostroker. I can sleep tight, knowing the twostroke engine hasnt gone out of fashion thousand years into the future
lol the hilarity of monomolecular blades is that if you had such technology you would never need a chainsword.
The origin of the chainswords mono-molecular tech for humanity is probably not for weapons but for medical and industrial purposes.
I want a chainhammer.
How did i missed this video? As always Luetin09 your content is great to listen while working or to sleep lol
Is there anyone who would recommend the best five novels for a new person who has only listened to lore and it played or r as books. With such a large literature volume is it just best to start at the first five novels or is there a decent place anyone while recommend from an "over all" best perspective on the Warhammer IP/universe. Thanks
Comment for the Skull Throne
I desperately want a 40k Eldar game with warframe-like melee and agility. It'll never happen though, but I'll hope lol.
My favorite part of chainswords is that they are being thrown around violently. Chainsaws cannot handle being thrown around because the tuning and we design them to be light as possible with aluminum bars and durable plastics. Get tired fast picking up a heavy chainsaw.  Delicate parts can’t handle force like alignment pins for the bar, drive sprocket gear, chain itself staying on the bar. Cleaning the thing and consuming oil. The way I look at chainswords makes them overbuilt to the extreme of being able to be wielded by power armor. Slamming the thing into armor and activating it. For it to start cold in a cut without a chance to rev and start moving.  Closest real comparison would be hydrostatic drive powering it. Hydronic fluid under high pressure. Like a trenching blade on the back of an excavator but compacted enough for a 9 foot tall power armor monster to carry.  It’s sci-if but high torque awesome. Able to be thrown around like construction equipment.
101011001101001101111101
So will this be the only updated gear video? I hope not. I understand that it will take time to do.
Lore has it, the Emperor was a big fan of some old horror comedy films titled Evil Dead 1, 2 and especially 3.
16:28 this gives me chills.... THIS song discribes the being of a space marine. Epic, merciles godlike, heroic. Well done :) May the emperor protect you :)
Can anyone tell me what what chapter this is at 14:50?
Bup
With our a doubt the chainswrod my not be good on the table top but in video games like Darktide or watching movies like chainsaw massacre it doesn't take much imagination to see what that weapon will do if you get hit by it sure the Jedi's lightsaber is a fearsome weapon but unless it hits a lethal area you can live another day but the same story can't be said if you get hit by the chainswrod great video Luetin as always. The Emperor protects.
Love a chainsword
anyone else got a bad case of goosebumps from the intro?
The origin of the monomolecular edge is William Gibson.
Tpls
My head canon for you Lute is that you're the Master of the Administratum and that is why you have all of this varied knowledge, and you're lecturing to all of us Adepts.
A brutal weapon for an uncivilized age.
Do chainswords have power fields on them.
I do like your fancy little intros very artistic
9:08 I loved the quick jab at the Tau, love the fact that Luetin is still carrying on with his singular hatred of them
With the recent release of a new book about him, and the fact all the previous books are available as audiobooks, might be time for a video about the greatest hero of the imperium... Ciaphas Cain!
I've just wanted to thank you for your awesome videos. I watched the whole 40k Lore/History playlist during the last three weeks to get a basic understanding of a universe i am dabbling with for some ten years :D Now i need something new.. maybe i'll give audible a try ^^
5:37 I do love me some evisceration ;)
The chain swords are a stretch but in the realm of believable. While the chain axe is just stupid
If you got your arm chewed off by a chainsword, you might still be able to use a tourniquet on it
I thought, all chainswords are battery powered. I believe at least the small ones are. I think Ciaphas Cain does some powerpack switching on his one in Emperors Finest. But of course, having them loud and smelling of burned promethium is much much cooler.
Great video! Though I will say, the word "monomolecular" has lost all meaning to me now.  (I don't blame you, sometimes you just need to use a certain word a lot)
CUBE.
All I know is my Cadian preacher will never be without his chainsword while purging heretics on Atoma Prime.
my man LOVES the word "attrition" like my god i think ive heard him say it in like half of his videos 😂
Not as a complaint against chainswords but more as a defined characteristic, expert duelists like Commissar Cain usually only turn on their chainswords when their enemies are aware of their wielders. It shares a similar role to the lightsabers of star wars in that their cutting potential is very high but lack any subtlety and actively hinder silent tactics. The Knives of Catachans and Astartes usually seem to perform excellently in their cutting and piercing roles while maintaining the stealthful tact of their wielders. However expert duelists like Cain often go into detail that most of their success in duels with chainswords is their strengthened cutting force. With a chainsword a skilled warrior can even the odds on much larger opponents and even use the biting blades defensively against and onslaught of greater numbers. While many Astartes may use the chainsword and axe to great effect, their ceramite armor proves a worthwhile challenge for such weapons to penetrate consistently. Were I to invent a melee weapon with the express purpose of successful penetration I would hope to craft a pole arm shape charge device that provides the effect of anti-armor munitions while gaining the range granted by the pole arm. For few enter a melee with an Astartes and live to tell about it.
Tbh I think that chainsword give a quicker if messier death than traditional bladed weapons. Thus they are potentially less excruciating for the victim, since they die quickly of shock due to their catastrophic wounds. Especially in cases of decapitation, it would give a quicker and cleaner decapitation than a normal sword, since historically even in an environment as controlled as an execution, decapitation would often take many strikes. However once a chainsowrd bites into the flesh it will go through until it has nothing to chew on anymore
The whole "monomolecular" edge makes little to no sense. It makes no difference that the blade's edge/tip is monomolecular, the rest of the blade would still stop/get stuck where it is of regular thickness  (the monofilament notably doesn't suffer from this as the whole thing is thin). So you'd need additional handwavy stuff like "yeah well the mono-edge somehow parts/primes the armor/flesh to be penetrated easier by the normal part of the blade".
Its worth pointing out that the Striking Scorpions chainswords are terrifying because they are made to be shocking and violent, as befits their role as shock /ambush assault troops.
I would like to be adeptus confecticum-half man half biscuit
One issue with these, just like with lightsabers, is that one of the most efficient stances had you rest the blade on your shoulder blade first. Not exactly a maneuver you can do with an active spinning chainsword without ceramite power armour I'm guessing
If chainsword cannot cut through chainsword, then why not make everything out of chainsword?
What powers the chainswords? How do you restore it if it’s using a nuclear battery?!
Another phenomenal lore video from Luetin09. Cannot ask for better when it comes to great lore topics.
The first place I read about monomolecular edges was in a book called A Hymn Before Battle. Awesome sci-fi read. I wonder if the author was a 40k fan. I just got hooked on the lore a few mo ths ago and I'm going to get 8n to the game when I can find a group near me. Your videos are 98% responsible.
Just as an aside, when parrying with a sword you try as much as possible to avoid parrying with the edge, generally you want to either parry with the flat if it is a double edged blade, or to parry with the back if it is single edged. Just because the edge is not a set of spinning teeth does NOT mean the swords blade cannot be damaged in a badly timed parry. Another aspect of parrying with a sword (preferably you use your shield for parrying rather than the sword, or move out of the way) is that you angle to allow the opponents weapon to slide off the blade, so spreading out the impact over a more extended period, thus reducing the risk of damage to the blade.   This is *especially* important with certain swords, the Japanese Katana being an excellent example. The hard outer layer of steel holds an exceptional edge but on the flip side it is also far more prone to parrying damage than more homogenous Western swords. A badly timed parry with a Katana can easily badly damage the cutting edge, or even break the blade entirely.
not an impressive title
I've read somewhere (cant give credits sorry) that chainswords could be the better option against "thickskinned" enemies like the orks or tyranids
The Emperor protects, but a fully charged chain sword helps
If I was a millionaire, I'd commission a company to make a working one
It's not unprecedented, the ring world novels by Niven made extensive use of that concept (not in chainsaw guise though, it was monofilament wire).
was there a mention of how often they'd jam up?  after so much use, if compared to a chainsaw on wood, you're not going to get a long use out of them without unclogging wood particles every now and then.
Vroom! Vroom! Vroom!
thanks for bringing me up to date lore to 40k luetin, thanks to you i actually understand the universe now
Still awesome
Always a treat to get a video drop. Thnx leutin
Monomolecular materials are utter nonsense. The sharp edge would instantly get dull after the first use because the atomic bonds could not endure the tension and would break.
I'd love to hear your thoughts on the "Hadex anomaly". It seems like one of the worst ways to die,  kinda like being trapped in a perpetual hell sorta
I want the cheese cutter variant
Watched some popular videos that grade the chainsaw weapons and the results were not happy...  BUT monomolecular blades are also not known in science. 40k is its own science!
I’m old enough to remember harlequins with chainswords…
He'll yeah, new lore gear video
Hey, Cube reference!  Yay!
"A quick wipe down isnt going to 'cut' it" Hmm..
He'll yeah börther raise hell praise the emperor
ngl, I read the title as "The Emperor's furry chainswords"
I have to amit it... I love the chain wepons... LOVE them... so brutal, so gorry hehehe
The mention of cutting a T'au in half to great satisfaction made me think: As a T'au fan, I kind of love the hatred they get for having the gall to bring a gun to a sword fight. I hold the (probably inaccurate) interpretation that, since their hunting methods are their oldest and most venerable traditions, shooting things from a distance is the closest they have to a religion, which makes it more funny to me.
Hey man thanks for the upload however I had something I wanted to say/request.  One of my most favorite videos you made is the Grey Knights part 2, heck I love that video so much that it's not just a favorite video from you it's one of my favorite videos on YouTube in general, easily in the top 10.  But, why ? Well I realized that one of the major reasons I liked that video is that it ties in explaining a topic into telling a story at the end as an icing on the cake.  And when I was listening to this video it hit me, why not when you're discussing a piece of equipment you simply pick one of the thousand stories in 40k and tie that in at the end of the video as an icing on the cake ? So this video was about chain swords what if we also had a famous battle or a famous action or some deed that can be amazingly portrayed by your classic, simple, yet awesome moving art pieces and your voice of course.  Please consider doing this I think it would improve the quality of your content even more.
An inelegant weapon for an uncivilised age.
Awesome as always!
like at start no matter what Luetin is going to talk about :D
"What did you think was powering them?" MY FAITH AND RIGHTEOUS FURY
Hello. Okay chainswords are dam cool in 40k. But can we all please agree that they are in reality complete bogus? And no it is not a question of technology it is one of physics.
Love chainswords keep em coming.
what music do you use. ive listened to macleod full discography and havent heard a single good one from him.  what are the names of  the ones you use?
Luetin, when are we getting 1440p vids man? Love your channel and great vid as always!
The enemy of my enemy dies second... when I have fuel for my chainsword again! What? Don't give ne that look, I just like the buzzing sound mixed with their screaming. No harm done in that...
Sharpening a typical blade to a mono-molecular edge makes sense because you want to be able to cut with as little force as possible. But to put that kind of surgical sharpness into a giant self-powered chainsword meant to be swung with the superhuman strength of a Space Marine is such hilarious overkill and I love it.
Lull me to sleep Luetin, with your tales of chainsaw swords. Only you have this power. No one else.
on 9gag, there are comments under wh posts 'i wanna get into it but its so big, where do i start ?'  your channel is often the goto recomendation  gj
Always love to see a new Leutin upload
The chainsword was never meant to be effective in killing, its true strength is letting everyone else know you are here to hack and slash.
Love me some weapon lore!
was that grid image from the movie 'Cube'?
So if it's as sharp as the fiction implies.. then the cuts wouldn't be jagged they would be clean.. sharp doesn't rip.. it cuts.. never mind the problems with that structure not necessarily yielding universal results like that given that strong materials have their molecules in strong patterns so you would need something even thinner or something that could maybe vibrate to break them apart.. and then the material itself would have to be insane.  So it's either razor sharp, or it's jagged Sharp.. jagged sharp wouldn't be anything like this monomolecule edge treatment describes.. although that being said, if there was a material that could withstand being that sharp, and staying that sharp while doing basic, never mind advanced or industrial cutting tasks, it could theoretically hold a jagged edge as well.. but it still wouldn't rip it would just be a more pronounced clean slice especially if on a chain.. it would have to catch on something to rip.. which would imply that it was not forward Sharp, hence why serration can yield clean cuts when Sharp..
Is it me or 15:44 The Emperor of Mankind looks like Giga Chad Bambi.
The idea of Gabriel Seth aiming for weak points with his massive chainsword to better preserve its edge feels very amusing and out of character to me
The geneva convention really needs a specific clause about these things
Likes for the Luetin God! Comments for the Algorithm Throne!
Angry bunch of mugs these Marines
Lesssssgooo
The Emperor's Electric Bread Knife Protects!
It does baffle me how something with an edge so sharp, actually rips and tears like a chainsaw, surely the ridiculously sharp edges would just fly through it's target without resistance.
Praise the Emperor, i love that Soundtrack from Outro and Intro...  but for me, it presents nothing better then the Death Korps of Krieg, which is why i adore its use in the fitting Video <3
Love all this content. Is there any other way to consume your content. Do you do audio books and or anything else. Not sure about the rest of luetin heretics but I now think I have completed all your youtube stuff and there is nothing better than painting and luetin
Sad you didnt touch on scaled up knight / titan variants
When I saw this video, I thought to myself: "It is a chainsaw in a shape of sword, what more is there to talk about?". How wrong I was...
May I present to you the God Emperor of Mankind...  "Maim, kill, rip, tear, mutilate, eviscerate, wrath, fury, destroy!!!!"  ...he is still in his Old Testament stage, pay no mind to that
I did not get a notification for this video found it in the suggestions
here from the sleepy club!
you may have a fancy sword, BUT I HAVE AN ANGRY SWORD!!!!!
9:10 "...and likely, with much satisfaction, a T'au." 😂
Nice to see Luetin trying out short-form content
"Type & Application"... Apply directly to the forehead?
*His* will My chain sword
Dang, warhammer just ripped off Gears of War huh?        Don't shoot me it was a joke please. 😂
I literally looked for a video I couldn't remember watching last night. Wake up and you uploaded just as I started to sleep and listen to an older video....dammit. Well atleast this one gets my full morning attention. Thank you
Set playback speed to .5 then click  16:24
Lol, I’m still tearing apart my old shed and fences for firewood. Difficult to describe the joy I feel holding a chainsaw and the horror my neighbours feel whilst watching me. I miss Gears of War too sometimes.
I actually encouuntered the concept first not in 40K but in Fallout. Fallout features a weapon called The Ripper. It is a about combat knife sized chainsaw, maybe a bit bigger. Back then I found the idea rad already but then being introduced to the concept of the chain sword later just made me like it even more. It is so absurd and over the top but striking as a melee weapon, let alone the most common one.
Eldar : The mon'keith chain weapons are so crude The imperium, maybe so but they are used by 8 foot tall roided up space recists, now parry this you xeno scum.
Hi luetin, can you please do a video explaining how the warp and kaos effects the Tyranids and Necron. I still don't quite understand this. What exactly happens when a psysker meets a Necron and why is what I still don't understand .Forever grateful to you for getting me into 40k luetin. I especially like your Necron and Tyranids videos.
It wouldn't a Luetin video without at least one small jab at the Tau 😛
As someone who uses chainsaws,first up I'd love a chainsword! Second, you need to be careful thrusting as if the top corner connects first, it will kick the saw straight back at you. Thirdly, using the top edge will push the saw towards you so you'll need to brace differently for it ;)
Are they really using mono molecular edges? Then they wouldn't 'rip and tear', they would cut through surgically, with clean narrow cuts!
The university of Adelaide is doing fun things with atoms, lazers, and 3d printers right now.  One such application is the creation of metalic-plastic like substances. With huge amounts of accuracy and effeciency in how they structure the atoms in whatever they're printing they can create materials unlike anything found in nature.
I love that chainswords don't have small cuts or glancing blows, once a few teeth find purchase they just tear along, reefing flesh into the blade itself.
Lmfao .... "Unlikely with much satisfaction a ... Tau" ☠️☠️☠️
As a Flesh Tearer, I endorse this video.
Thanks for the vid! 😁
We've equally good if not better chainsaws now
Using a chainsword in the new Boltgun game is always a fun time, especially when you use it as a finisher against, say, a Chaos Terminator. All those layers of adamantium and steel are no match for my furious melee!
I open youtube and first thing I see is a new Luetin video. Today is off to a great start
I'm sorry, what came in my mind is that video about Rogal Dorn Massive Chain Sword.
It's one of the worst weapon in Darktide, but I still main the Chainsword. No, not an Eviscerator, a Chainaxe,... a Chainsword. Because THE EMPEROR DEMANDS.
Chainswords are ridiculous. What is their weight, and how are they supposed to be handled regarding that weight? What is their powerpack? In videos, they always have the sound of an internal combustion engine. Or are they electrically powered? Why would they then produce the combustion engine sound when activated?
I like the idea (pure head cannon) that a chain sword might literally pull itself through the victim. The wielder just needs to make contact. Like a weaponized version of saw kick back but in reverse.
YouTube algorithm help.
These are not your daddy’s chainsaw.
A sacrifice for the Algorhythm
Blade to blade? You don't do that with normal swords either. It's a good way to wreck your blade.
Hey, does anybody know what happen to Medusa after the great rift was open? I mean, it wasn't just by the side of Cadia when everything go south and the warp started to consume everything??  I can't fine any mention about that in the lore
For all that monomolecular filaments are terrifying, nobody ever came up with my variant - monomolecular filament shotgun flechette. So take a spool of filament suspend in an EM field. Put that in a shotgun-fired grenade shell or similar. The shell has a delay on it that triggers a cutting mechanism that cuts the single wire into about 1cm slivers and kills the containment field and finally pops a small core charge to blast the filament slivers out in a small AOE cloud. Good luck pulling out _that-shrapnel lol.
The teeth are curved downwards and presumably the machine has a lot of torque. It is gripped in one hand. A common sight on the 40k battlefield would be chainswords being launched skywards or into the face of the operator - If somebody lost their grip, stumbled, was killed or had their hand cut off or damaged.
Hey Leutin, are you gonna share your thoughts on who you think the king in yellow might be and when you think we might hear from him next?
Convergent evolution is a thing. So it makes sense that monomulecular technology is discovered by several high level civilizations
I've always found it more "off" that the Eldar's Striking Scorpions use chainswords. Just as mono-mol tech feels too elegant for The Imperium, the chainsword feels too brutal for the Eldar.
Chainswords: the least entertaining joke in the 40k universe.
🤘
happy to hear another leutin upload, and I as well love technology deep dives!
Id like to think the first chain blade weapon was invented by the Krorks to cut through Necrodermis, adopted afterwards by Eldar, then by humans.
Awesome
Yay ! One more Luetin tidbit !  If I may allow myself,  as an antique swords collector and trader, this design of futuristic « swords » is effectively possible. While it would be heavy and need frequent re-fueling, it may not be for a long time replacing bayonets (although i see no reason for guards NOT to have chain bayonets) ; but it is one of these 40K weapons that need the least suspension of disbelief, apart from this physics nonsense that is « monomolecular ». But then again, it’s a verse where ppl achieve FTL by literally going through hell, so there’s that 😄
Short and violent. Just like the lifespan of whoever finds themselves on the end of a chainsword. Nice work.
𝐄𝐕𝐄𝐍 𝐈𝐍 𝐒𝐋𝐄𝐄𝐏, 𝐈 𝐒𝐓𝐈𝐋𝐋 𝐒𝐄𝐑𝐕𝐄
He is with us.
Axes > Swords Just saying lol
Iirc it was hinted in past lore books that the chainsword was derived from eldar weaponry. I believe it was an article on striking scorpions i read. Some of the older lore stated that chainswords have a low level power field. Not enough to act as a power weapon but enough to add some protection to the chain if the user faces a power weapon wielder. I read one novel where a world eater started with a chain sword, a day or so in the chain had locked up and it was just a spiked club, then chain broke and he used it like a whip until the teeth broke. He then had an adamantium-carbon club.
the mono edge chainsaw blade I feel like maybe had some origins with humanity in forestry on some distant world with trees far tougher than those of Earth.  Maybe at some point that planet then suffered a Xenos invasion and well the workers had some guns and some big honkin chainsaws. And won the fight, someone from the military saw the aftermath of the improvised weapons and decided its a great idea to use this ultra sharp chainsaw system in a melee weapon.
Humanity's already created a one atom wide blade irl. Holds the Guinness World Record for the sharpest object ever built. It's only one atom thick, so nothing can get sharper or finer. And it sucks because it literally can't cut anything and instantly snaps from the slightest application of pressure. So mono-molecular blades are guaranteed to be failures. They physically cannot work.
Comment for the comment god!
Honestly chain swords are one of the dumbest things in 40k.
Eldar did chainswords before they were cool.
For the emperithm
I finally made it. I caught up to where I can watch Leutin's videos *as they release*.
ily and your videos. you really are helping way out of my grimdark times
What is the song at the beginning of the video?
I don't know how i feel about updating older video.  I would rather a 10 min extra video than adding 10 to an existing video.  Adding to the existing video starts with just that.  Next thing you know the guns are edited out and changed with radios.  George lucas style
Where is the opening music from?
oh boy! 3 am!
the short sleep aid I needed for my Nappatizer on the couch
It’s always bothered me that the guard is wider than the kerf of the blade. It would bind.
"An unelegant melee weapon from a more uncivilized time!"
Such a glorious weapon
great video.
Empor Pls gib streng
Can you narrate black library books?
An episode shorter than 20 minutes? Heresy!
As always on point and awesome!
If you have a mono molecular edge why do you need a chainsaw????
Luetin Love the vidoes but are you going to talk about Lion El Johnson anytime soon? Not  pushing just wondering if its on your checklist?
Loregear : thunderhawk?
I certainly wouldn't call monomolecular weaponry a unique aspect of 40k. Right away I can think of Snow Crash having a big point about a monomolecular sword, and I believe the culture series uses monomolecular weapons on their drones (I forget what they're called!) I'm pretty sure I've heard of them in several other universes as well but can't think of the other examples at the moment.
haha chainsword go brrrrrrr
What's even the point of a weapon if it can't make people into "grotesque parodies of human form"?
Another great episode from the Lore Master himself!
I want one.
Finally got a break from the kitchen and here is a nice video about cutting meat. Much appreciated, thank for a great video!
I've used chainsaws to cut up animals, moose and bear. A chainsaw doesn't shred flesh anywhere that the chain doesn't touch.  Also, there's no way for a chainsword to cut any deeper than the shroud holding the chain. The shround is wider than the actual cutting edge of the saw blade. The eviserator chainsords that just have the bar would sorta work.  But, if you swing a running chainsaw at something like it's a sword, the best you're gonna do is barely manage to hold on while it bounces around. The way the teeth are designed on a chainsword, it would get stuck all the time and yank itself out of your hand.
I love that you're refreshing some of your older content, as always I can feel the extra effort you put into your videos.   I hope that these revisions aid you with both more frequent uploads and reduced workload per video.   Hope you're well, keep up the great work!
Thank you brother
It’s gonna be a good week. Thanks, LT.
One thing I found interesting is that Evisorator chainswords usually have a low power disruptor field, which is what power weapons use, I get the feeling this is also standard issue on marine chain weapons too.    The astartes gets a chain weapon with a power field. The officer and commissar have theirs fueled by a power cell.  But you guardsman? Yours is fueled by promethium and powered by faith in the Emperor!
Praise the Emperor !  Our Loremaster as uploaded a new infomercial!  Loading my Vox Recorder ... Now  The Emperor protects
Let's goooo!!!
I could honestly listen to you speak about 40k for hours upon hours. I already do that, and I will continue to do that till this channel dies when the inquisition learns of your teachings
Fantastic video as always! The source material is interesting, but it's how you present it that makes me a fan of the universe. Thank you for the hard work and effort you put in to what you do, I greatly appreciate it!
Rejoice citizens of His great Imperium, for the High-LoreMaster bless us with knowledge once again
Thanks LT. Good stuff as always and more solid 40K ART! :) :)
In our little RL World. Monomolecular melee weapons would be terrible. As one hit would snap off the single edge of molecules. Its a "fun" trope in many Sci-Fi settings.
When the lore G.O.A.T. speaks we all love to listen.
Waiting for Vigilus part 2 papa!
Mono-molecular
Chainsword go Brrrrrr
Been painting chainswords all week.  Glad you made a chainsword video.
Hive mind pls!
Col Commissar Gaunt survived a chainsaw to the guts
Blessed are we on this grand day.
I'd love hear more about chain glaives Ave Dominus Nox
YOU ARE A GENTLEMAN AND A SCHOLAR MY BATTLE BROTHER!! And MY GOD...THE HARLEQUINS KISS IS PROBABLY ONE OF THE WORST WAYS TO DIE THAT I  AN THINK OF...(OUTSIDE OF BEING CAPTURED BY THE INCUBI THAT IS..) LASTLY....I FIND THAT  FROSTMANE...RAGNAR BLACKMANEs MASTER FORGED CHAIN SWORD...TO BE AN ALMOST ELEGANT VARIANT ON THE BLOCKIER VERSIONS...LIKE THE ONE  Gabriel Seth  (Flesh Tearers Chapter Master) wields. TWO COMPLETELY DIFFERENT TAKES ON THE SAME WEAPON.  BUT I DIGRESS...WHILST CHAIN WEAPONS ARE PSYCHOLOGICALLY  TERRIFYING AND ARE BASICALLY HAND HELD WAR CRIMES😂😂,  THEY DO HAVE THE MAINTENANCE AND DAMAGE ISSUES THAT CAN HINDER ONE TO THE POINT OF BEING A LIABILITY THAT WILL 💯% GET YOU MURDERED BY YOUR OPPONENT.            WHICH IS WHY I, AND THE GRAND MAJORITY OF MY CHAPTER,( CHAPTER MASTER INCLUDED ), PREFER TO (AND DO ),MAINLY  USE POWER WEAPONS SUCH AS POWER SWORDS, AND LIGHTNING CLAWS.  THE LATTER BEING THE MOST EQUIPPED POWER WEAPON IN OUR CHAPTER, AND A SYMBOL OF OFFICE. LIGHTNING CLAWS WERE THE PREFERRED WEAPON OF OUR GENE FATHER,  THE RAVEN LORD , CORVUS CORAX, AND HE FORGED NUMEROUS MATCHING PAIRS OF MASTER CRAFTED ARTIFICER  LIGHTNING CLAWS WITH DIFFERENT NUMBERS OF BLADES AND DESIGNS.  ANY  RAVEN GUARD BATTLE BROTHER OF CERTAIN RANK, USUALLY HAS THESE BLADES AS PART OF THEIR WEAPONS LOAD OUT...AS THEIR SERVICE RECORDS AND COMBAT EFFICIENCY SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES.  I'M NOT SAYING CHAIN WEAPONS ARE NOT PROFICIENT AT PERFORMING THE TASKS THEY WERE FORGED TO DO, AND A NUMBER OF PROMINENT RAVEN GUARD OFFICERS DO CHOOSE TO WIELD THEM AS THEIR MAIN MELEE WEAPON, (USUALLY WITH A COMBAT KNIFE IN THE OTHER HAND FOR MAXIMUM KILL COUNTS), EVEN THOUGH THE SOUND OF THE WEAPON COMPLETELY DEFEATS THE AXIOMS OF STEALTH AND GUERILLA WARFARE PRACTICED BY OUR CHAPTER. TO EACH HIS OWN I SUPPOSE RIGHT? HOWEVER YOU CHOOSE TO PROSECUTE THE ENEMIES OF THE IMPERIUM, THE MUTANT, THE XENOS, THE WITCH , AND THE DAEMONIC NEVERBORN, IS ALWAYS A GLORIOUS UNDERTAKING. NO MATTER WHAT TOOL IS USED TO EXPUNGE THE SCUM, AS LONG AS IT SPILLS RIVERS OF THEIR BLOOD AND RENDS THE FLESH FROM THEIR BONES, IT IS A GOOD TOOL IN MY HUMBLE OPINION.  SO ANOTHER TRIUMPH OF LORECRAFT ON YOUR PART BROTHER LUETIN. IMPECCABLE AS ALWAYS! MAYHAPS A BRIEF OVERVIEW ON POWER WEAPONS SOON ??? PARTICULARLY THE MOST ELEGANT OF THOSE STORIED BLADES...THE POWER SWORDS AND LIGHTNING CLAWS??  TO HEAR YOU ELUCIDATE THE MASSES TO THE SHEER FEROCITY THAT IS A POWER BLADE WOULD TRULY BE A MOST FORTUITOUS EVENT, AND WE OF THE XIX WOULD IN TURN OWE THEE A "SOLID"😂😂.....WE AWAIT YOUR THOUGHTS ON SUCH SUBJECTS MY HONORARY BATTLE BROTHER!   WE LEAVE ANY INTERCEPTION OF THIS TRANSMISSION BY PITIFUL THRALLS AND PAWNS OF CHAOS , ABHORRENT MUTANT SPOORS,HERETIC TRAITOR MARINE SCUM, FILTHY IMPURE XENOS , AND GENE STEALING ABOMINATIONS AND CULTIST LICK SPITTLES AND CHAFF, THE FOLLOWING WARNING AND INEVITABLE TRUTH...  "AND THE ENEMIES OF THE EMPORER SHALT KNOW NO REST OR RESPITE...AND THEY SHALL REMEMBER WHY THEY FEAR THE DARK....WHY THEY FEAR THE NIGHT...... FOR WE OF THE 19TH DID NOT ADOPT THE SHADOWS...WE WERE BORN OF THEM....DID NOT ASSUME THE MANTLE OF "THE DARK"....BUT HOLD IT AS OUR BIRTHRIGHT.... HIS ENEMIES SHALL KNOW TERROR , SHALL KNOW LOSS, SHALL KNOW THE ICY FINGERS OF DEATH CREEPING DOWN THEIR SPINES......FOR WE ARE THE XIXth, WE ARE THE SONS OF THE RAVEN LORD,  WE ARE HIS RAVEN GUARD...WE ARE THOSE THINGS THAT GO "BUMP" IN THE NIGHT.....WE ARE THE ABYSS STARING BACK AT YOU....WE ARE WAITING....WE ARE WATCHING....WE ARE HERE....AND OUR BLADES ARE SHARP..... "VICTORUS AUT MORTIS"
Holy shit :))
Doesn't the Rear Casing/Guard get clogged up with gore that then goes rotton and smelly? Or is that just a nice job for a Serf to clean out later?
Starwars chose glowsticks as their swords. 40k saw chainsaws and said let's do that for swords. 40k > SW
Luetin, I discovered your channel about 4 months ago and am absolutely obsessed with your videos. Perfect to listen to at bed time, too! I’ve learned so much about 40K from you. Keep it up, and thank you.
had a rough start of the day and then I saw you uploaded this video, and then I feel that this day isn't so bad anyway. thanks Luetin
Oh yeah!
Ah yes. The sledgehammer with teeth! My favourite!
It pains me that you did not mention the best chain weapons to exist the the lore, Hunger & Slake
For The Emperor.
Thank you  ,  LT  .  🐺
Ohhh, fresh off the presses. Nice :D
Oh how I am excited for this one !!!!
Thank you, I love your videos, hope you can get a small team and release more often
Thanks for the video!
Last time I was this early, I was stillborn in a daemonculaba.
Another excellent video for the sleep club 💪
It would fun to know. How long one reaload of basic chainsword can take you. Because even in tabletop rpg Dark Heresy(or other Fantasy Flight games) didn't tell how long the one reload get you. All ranged weapons got neat magazine sizes, but not melee weapons.
Can’t wait to be Titus again smashing through everything as a primaris with a Chansaw,Even better with a ThunderHammer 😁
Woot woot!
@Luetin09 I dont understand how Sororitas wield small bolters and chain weapons like this especially with big body armor. Your talking about a combat kit that weighs probably at least as much as a 120-180 lb woman. Combat troop now only have kits that weigh 40lbs total and that can really wear you out. At best you can give short bursts of high athleticism.
I just put together a mini with a frickin double bladed chainsword. Warhammer is just so great. Who needs a chainsword? Everyone. Everyone needs one.
As always, the highest quality and thrilled to see when a video goes up
🎶Malcom solves his problems with a chainsaw! Malcom solves his problems with a chainsaw! Malcom solves his problems with a chainsaw! And he never has the same problem twice! He goes "VRUM VRUM VRUM VRUM! "Problem solved!"🎶
that last video clip was epic
There's something about a chain sword in your hands it just feels right..lol
Skillful use of sledgehammer( weight) is funny.  Swords sre supposed to be light and those are not.  Yes someone with power armor should be fine.  Anybody else would be jiust be swinging around an ungainly metal bar.
Listening to the description of maintaining a chainsword sounds very similar to maintaining a normal chainsaw today… sharpening or replacing teeth, gotta do that, applying holy oils bar lube obviously… fuelling nothing fancy just 2 stroke… as for prayers muttering “start ya bastard” at the saw on a cold morning might count… lol
I see a number of people on YouTube have tried to create a chainsword but what they’ve done is create what is really just an extremely unsafe piece of garbage that is neither a chainsaw nor a chainsword.
The idea for a monoatomic edged blade (in the real world) I'm pretty sure has to do with how sharp obsidian blades can get. Naturally, obsidian flakes and is fragile. It is glass after all. So, I think it's rather natural that the idea of transposing that kind of supernal sharpness into a more durable material like metal has become a main staple in sci fi now.
Another deep lore ridiculously convoluted storied franchise (taking place across countless worlds linked through portals through a hell dimension) almost had chain swords too.  Of course I'm talking about Kingdom Hearts.  Disney didn't like the idea of a main character using a chainsaw blade so, they went back to the drawing board and came up with big ol' keys instead.  When you stick it in someone's heart, it unlocks their death.
now do one about the storm hammer and SIEGEEE CLAW
Thanks man.
Hey, what are your plans for the Leviathan release box? I play both ultras and nids. Therefore, I'm pretty excited. Nids vs Ultras is such an iconic 40k conflict.
3:13 HA! Thats a scene from Cube. Great movie.
Music choices were particularly excellent
Hurrah for the ⛓️🗡️
Another great video, Leutin. It's always a blessing when you upload.
I’m still waiting for GW to put in a double bladed sword. Like a double bladed lightsaber but with chainsaws instead. Make it happen!!!
Alpharius's face can confirm this!!!
Space Marine: Chainsword goes brrrr brrrr brrrr  Heretic: 🥲
My brain: We already saw this one. Me: I know! Isnt that awesome? We can watch it again.
Thanks for the awesome content and great videos!!!
I'm so used to the long form format, I feel like I watched a short, lol
Babe wake up new Luetin vid just dropped
Update all your old vids Leutin. I’ll always watch your content! Keep up the great work mate!
Fal
Nothing says "You walked into the wrong Universe" like a fanatic SuperHuman in Powerarmor charging you with a Chainsaw ⛓🪚⚔
Less Imperial shit please. I want more Xenos, they're way more interesting than the lame-ass humans and their shitty corpse emperor.
1 million subscribers soon
17 and a half minutes. Who are you and what have you done to the real Luetin?
I know you’re playing Boltgun.   Would love a deep dive seeing as it’s a sequel to space marine.
I would love to see a LT video in the same vein as the Lasgun - Recoil or No Recoil - providing an in verse explanation for non transhumans not constanly being victims of kickback🤣
Brought to you today by STIHL
Sup?
I haven’t came to a Luetin video this quickly since the one he talked about Slaanesh in
Couldn't have had more perfect timing thank you :) i can finally fall asleep
I suppose I can sleep when I'm dead 🤔
Luetin sleep club whoop
Brothers!
Luetin about to strategically upload a video whenever I need a sleeping aid.
Perfectly timed for nap time, thanks Luetin!
Let's go!!! New video!!!
Ive never understood the portrayal of the chainfist its just a powerfist with a short chain blade attached. In my minds eye when I first read of them it was a gauntlet with four chain tracks across the knuckles. Ive always felt mine was better.
I think youtube made a mistake. The video time length says 17 minutes 25 seconds for me, instead of 1725 minutes as a Luetin Chainswords video deserves.
unexpected but welcome no matter how long or short we appreciate your time on these vids for us
Awesome! Was really in need of something to fall asleep to - and you delivered
let's GOOO now I have my ASMR to sleep
3:18 Cube
all hale our emperors lore master!   may his holy scribe and scholar servitor scribble on forever!  p.s, what is the final music track in your wtf is 40k video (its other places but thats easiest)
HEMA youtuber: Would Chainswords actually be a good idea?  Me: If you’re asking that question of anything from Warhammer you’re fundamentally misunderstanding the franchise.
Sweet Fresh Leutin vid
Luetin uploads once more! HAIL THE GOD EMPEROR
Always good to see a Luetin upload!
Just rolled into bed and this is just perfection manifest
The saw is the law!
I love me some Leuty after dinner and a nice desert tea ❤
Raaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
When I clicked on the video, there were 303 views and 101 likes. I am satisfied.
Keep up the good work 💪💪💪
The only weapon I'd rather own over a flamethrower.
Posted 3 min and 102 likes…
Iv been working on a really big project involving a huge diorama involve 4 armys and the ever imposing imperator titan and I find my self losing motivation and inspiration a lot of times when working on this but it never fails when a video like this comes out it inspires me to keep going and not give up on it you inspire me and many of this community and for that we thank you I thank you glory to the Emperor's finest Lutin
I jist started up Dune and you posted this. I will watch it as soon as I can
What do we say to sleep? NOT TODAY! Thanks for the upload, Luetin. May the Emperor´s light bless you.
Few weapons are as fearsome
The Emperor is truly the embodiment of "fck around and find out"
Hooray! Truly blessed by the emperor on a day when the loremeister uploads.  The Emeperor Protects!
<3
Wow, i was just searching for some unhinged horror science fiction tale to fall asleep to Thanks luetin
This comment is to help this channel in the algorithm.
Sweet 👌
Chainswords, for when you have 8ft of Tyranid flesh to cut through 😂
Niiiice!
Love the content as always! Topic request: Space Wolves 13th Company.
Thank the Emperor for this
Quiet down the sage of ages speaks.
First!
Just in time for dinner prep. Nice 😊
1
Timing!, just got into bed. Hope all is well with you and the family luetin. Thank you
Right on time :)
Oh hello surprise Luetin video
poggers just in time for my slumber
2nd prolly
1st comment All praise the LoreMaster
Heck yeah!
First lol
Love it!
I have wanted to periodically refresh some of the older vids on the channel. Especially those which had audio ruined by a weird youtube reprocess. I'll also take the opportunity to add a few extra thoughts, small details, any updates etc etc. - - Probably next up will be Vigilus Part 2 - - of course need to also talk about Leviathan this coming week.
