Today is not only a new episode day, it's my first day of graduate school! I'll have more details soon, but for now, enjoy Sony's Three Biggest Mistakes! This was a fun episode to make, since it got me nostalgic for my college days, working at GameStop. Enjoy!
11:15 Tell that to the millions worldwide who played only cracked games for the entire life of ps3.   Silly corporations 😂😂😂
Thoughts on the official memory card shortage for PS2 back in the early 2000's? I had to use a janky side-loading 3rd party accessory for several years. Massive PITA. :D
Sony did it better id say. After the 64 i didnt buy another system from them until 2023. To play olf gsmes exclusively.   Nintendo and square was a huge deal.
Gracias por compartir estos vidos y traducción al #Español eso se agradece muchísimo
as an ancient japanese i can assure you guys... we got giant crabs ...nothing new.
#0 trust nintendo
Finished
What hack? They set their login to PASSWORD.  Also... what were you gonna do... go to North Korea to arrest the Government?
#4: rootkit scandal on audio CDs.
Honorable Mention: The PS Portal
#1 games as a service
The memory sticks made sense for the psp given the time and if you had a psp you probably had other kit that ised the ms but the vita what I dont get is they had the sodding m2 that was basically identical that would have made sense but no they had to have a new one and proof that was a money grab
#2 wasnt really a loss or bad thing comparing to the xbox 360 I bought 6 xbox 360s and they ALL had red rings, which convinced me to go with trusty playstation, I have never EVER bought anything xbox related since and will never blue ray player was worth it alone, better capabilities and sony is the one that makes money off blu ray sales and btw I still buy blu ray even today ps3 had FREE online and even had a free online game with it, yes it wasnt that great but it was still free while xbox charges 60$ per year making the ps3 cheaper in the long run anyways
I know the PS3 eventually gained momentum but at the time it was wild to see the industry leader fall to a distant 3rd place
The psn hack brought back memories i didn't even know i had, i was playing Fifa 11 on my XB360 when i heard the news, i already used xbox/psn gift cards to buy dlc, online and things like that so i never had to link my card to anything and when i did hear the news i was like "thank god i don't link my cards to my accounts
You forgot mistake number 4 paying for online which has gotten worse on PS5 which is why the PS3 was the last good Sony console.
Update after watching again 4 years later lol.    You asked if we think Sony made other mistakes that you missed... well, here's one.   They should have gotten their execs and marketing people together at a mandatory meeting. Provide comfy couches, pizza, soda, doritos, beer and lots of good weed.  Really embrace the gaming culture.   Then turn on a video of Segas commercials and magazine ads in the early 90's.   After they're done, turn on the lights and start discussing how they will go for the kill shot with aggressive marketing against microsoft and the red ring of death.    Controllers that still use AA batteries? yea, make fun of that. Have a commercial with kids in the 80's using those garbage aftermarket controllers for nintendo crying because their mom is selling her car to pay for more batteries and the kids say "I cant wait for a future when we dont have to go through this".  Then cut to the same scene but with an xbox controller flashing the low battery light.  At the end have PS logo and the message of "Sony, the future you were waiting for... right now. " Even have Van Halens "Right Now" playing at the end.   No wifi without an adapter? Yea make fun of that too. Have a kid looking confused at the console saying I dont know how to connect to the internet. Then the mom (depicted in black and white with a transatlantic accent) says "oh yea honey, it doesnt come with wifi, just like the Atari"  $50 a year to play online? Make an add with Microsoft Gestapo kicking in a door and ripping an ethernet cable out of a kids xbox because they didn't pay up for the year.   So much opportunity to have learned from the past when Sega did the unthinkable and made Nintendos market share finally take damage.   Hell, call up Tom and offer him a job.
Anti consumer. Need to make a switch 2 video.
Oh god the PSP Go! that console was a step up in terms of portability. But it got bogged down by the price and the audacity of Sony to use Micro Memory Sticks, or M2 as they called it. It was MORE expensive than regular memory sticks at the time. It’s highway robbery. Not to mention that the PSVita memory cards were also based off of the M2, just slightly modified. Because of the fact that not a single Sony product (as far as I remember) ever used the M2 format, thus they HAD to force it down our throats by way of the Vita memory cards. Sony was beyond greedy!
I wonder if I’ll have to be that old guy later in my life who shares his story of how the PSN outage was like firsthand 😂
More like the gaming DIStorian.
16:48: I would love to hear Atari's 3 biggest mistakes ever *from being bought from Warner I assume as number 1#*
#5 charging money for online play
It is now 2025 and Sony still does this, and we still complain about ir, the difference is that we are paying the dumbass asking prices for Playstation products, because, what are we gonna do?
The PSN hack taught me to never use the same password for every website and online service I have an account with.
Let’s not forget that the PS3 and PS4 had no backwards compatibility for PS2 games for example and if you played a PS1 game on PS3 it would be glitchy.  I actually remember friends of mine being quite peeved by this as the Wii and 360 were compatible with the previous console games.  Also how about these new fails  1. Denying crossplay  2. Concord 3. 700 dollars for the PS5 Pro
11:20 haha come to iran. Or other sanctioned countries... all you get is copy games and jailbreak units 😂
5:40 - 600 dollaz ain't shit to Chad Warden!
Overdramatizing problems
#5 Having a 5 year old console for the same price as the Nintendo Switch 2.
I still wont put NO credit card info on their network to buy games
One Sonys PSVita is another hacking community’s treasure
Sony fought to the death with the vita memory card, they refused to make them affordable... ever. For me, the nail in the coffin was PS4's slashed multimedia features compared to ps3.
yeah you forgot when they started to charge to play online, imagine how many more people would of bought the ps4 and ps5 if they stuck to free online play, that broke my heart when they switched i understand why but it felt like they sold out
Welp, I didn't forget how much larger Sony Magic Stick memory cards cost. They were ridiculously expensive.  And at least Sony learned their lessons the hard way with Playstation 3 console - its CPU was painful to program, the kicker is that SPEs (Synergistic Processing Elements) only had 32 registers at all which you have had to carefully program them (absolutely no register renaming hardware at all) - they are superscalar, of course but it was in-order and lacks branch predictor which made for computer hackers' worst nightmare. At least the PS3 was much cheaper than Blu-ray Disc players which used to be $1,000 a pop.
4# Lack of a fully fleged backwards compatibility in newer gen consoles
Requiring PSplus, which is a monthly subscription in order to play games online, is what seemed to be too problematic
I don't know where you get the sales data for 2007, but you are way off the real numbers. PS3 and 360 both sold 7.9M and therefore were on par, the Wii sold 16.5M that year.
for what it's worth the PS3 is compatible with PS2 games so that has to count for something.
First off good info. The background music is off putting and creepy for what you’re talking about and almost made me want to change the video. Okay anyway, I just got a ps5. This is actually my first PlayStation system ever. I’ve always gamed Nintendo and Xbox for third party stuff. I love my ps5 and buy all my games physical copies. I’m a collector so feels great to have actual copies of games and know I own them. I’m starting to learn more about how the PlayStation plus network works. And what I’ve noticed is long time users are starting to look at their system as normal. But Sony has been ripping its beloved customers off bad! And for years! If your strictly a Sony person you don’t Evan realize how much money your throwing away/getting robbed blind. Buy physical! Eventually people will realize. But for now people think it’s “cool” to have everything digital. But in reality you’re just throwing money away and don’t own any of your digitally Downloaded content unless you are forever a  faithful  Sony plus program buyer. Yikes 😬 💰
Nah, BS
They kinda did get there without any bumps in the road though. They released the ps1 and became the biggest lol. They’d had some bumps along the way for sure
PS Vita?
Now it’s Concord
Part of the reason why the PS3 was so expensive is because it basically had a PS2 built into it which is what allowed the early PS3 consoles to have backwards compatibility. Once they ditched that is when prices dropped for the console, but at that point it was already too late.
It's almost been a year and dang I miss this channel.
To me the biggest of Sony's failure are digital games, at least on the PS4, don't know about tbe PS5. If you buy games digitally, you need to have a constant internet connection to use play them. If all the games you have are digital and your internet cuts out, you just have a brick sitting there. Meanwhile the PS3 allowed you to play digital games at literally any time. Not to mention the PS4 also getting incredibly loud.
I think the PS3 ended up being the right call in the long run. It eventually caught up in sales despite having the MASSIVE 1 year late release, and people didn't have to RMA 2-4+ consoles during warranty. I bet they were also banking on perfecting the manufacturing process for bluray drives so that they would be turning a profit within a year, continuing to profit or at least break even with future price drops. Not that it matters to Sony, but the PS3 was by far the more robust system despite its complicated architecture. Every 360 I've used since 2010 had either disc drive issues, been "blanket cooked" to solve a RROD issue, or the battery pack falls out all the time. I'm sure Sony felt it was the right move too, considering the next two console gens outsold xbox 3:1... though I'll be honest, there hasn't been a reason to own a console SINCE the PS3/360 gen, so it's kind of a moot point and consoles are a bit of a scam that sounds good on paper until you realize that you also need a computer anyway
Were not doing XBOX because everything they do is a mistake. :)
there was also the firmware update that made consoles unplayable
PS3 is the goat.
I remember when the PSN was hacked and they made all games on the store free for a day. I missed it by a few hours and seen the message say something like “we’re sorry for the inconvenience” blah blah blah. Crazy how Sony still came back with 2 more consoles after this and people still are buying it
4th mistake: CEOs & Live Service tarantella + PS5 Pro
"I will work more hours to buy one" is a crazy thing to suggest as a Japanese businessman
Uncle Bill was behind those attacks on Sony
The psn hack got me a free copy of last of us as compensation... it was totally worth it.
Oh the "baby" ad...wtf was that ?!? I remember that. Love the p0rn music
The PlayStation handhelds got a lot right, but the few things they got wrong were REALLY, REALLY wrong.  Proprietary hardware, the PSP not having a right stick, useless gimmicks (Vita cell service???) like what the hell kinda drugs was the handheld department on???
The reason that I chose the PS3 over the Xbox 360 was that PSN was free and I thought that charging to play online was greedy. Once the PS4 got rid of that, plus lack of backwards incompatibility, it became my last Sony console, now I’m all PC Master Race, and own a Steam Deck.
3. ripoff and lies.  2. yeah, it's the blu ray tech. that kind of mess sony up.  1. sony fought back, hackers fought back harder.
1: Not porting Bloodborne to PC. 2: Not commissioning Fromsoftware to make a sequel to Bloodborne. 3: Not making a 60 FPS patch for Bloodborne on PS4 Pro and PS5.  Life is so cold without you, my love.
You ended up doing the big 4 in alphabetical order lol
Oh boy now is 4 biggest mistakes with Concord
Sony understands the market they just don’t CARE! Greed and lack of caring is what drives them to make stupid decisions especially when they feel untouchable.
i got 3 red ring of deaths on my new xbox 360’s which of course microsoft would send me a replacement and all had same rrd issue, when i finally got sent a good one i disconnected everything and took it to gamestop along with games accessories hd dvd drive and all and traded everything in for a ps3 and games, never looked back, i’ve been with sony since before i never had a ps1 or ps2.
Didn't care for the Vita when I got it for Xmas, played a little, threw it in a drawer for 3 years. One day I thought "lets google Vita memory card SD adapter" and BAM!!! I modded it using the Ape Escape exploit, got the adapter on eBay and transfered my PSP games. I got alot of milage out of it.
I miss the historian 😢
They said rumble is last gen but the same company would later have intresting tech involving rumble for the ps5
The Vita memory card was a complete fiasco. I really wanted one, but I couldn’t justify the purchase. Very thankful for the homebrew community that had breathed new life into the Vita. It’s my favorite handheld!
I was shielded from the awful PS3 launch by being a broke college kid that was too poor and busy to game. Eventually got the PS3 Slim when I was doing a little better.  Man, I miss Sony online being free. I would make novelty accounts for CoD. Knife only, one specific gun only, etc. It was a blast. I'll never forgive the PS4 era for taking that away from me. I've been predominately a PC gamer since then.
Right off the bat this is not Sonys biggest mistakes. It’s things you didn’t like. The memory stick for the Vita was not popular with consumers but the PSP was still a success. It made a lot of money despite players not liking the memory sticks instead of SD cards but Sonys goal was to make money. And they did that with the PSP.   I’m not sure you know what a mistake is. This video might be one.
Sony going after GeoHot was their biggest mistake. IMO
Dude said “ridge racer!!! meber?”
Not green lighting "Days Gone 2".
PlayStation hack was bought! Hackers bought the info to hack PSN and Sony banked big on it.. I mean SONY was in on it!!! Sony purposely has these hacks to sell your personal info,, sorry but supposably 1 of the smartest countries. Sony constantly has hacks that leak everyone's info because they're paid to let it HAPPEN!!
1: existing  2: still existing  3: why do you still exist?
Watch at 1.25x speed
The irony of the launch ps3's is there the most sought after now since only the 2006-2008 models have backwards compatibility with ps2 games.   A non ps2 compatible ps3 in today's market goes for around $100 while a ps2 compatible ps3 can go for $200-$400 depending on the condition and it's specific model.
14:57 I find it ironic that gabe newell was such a vocal critic of ps3 when it was launched and the one time he enthusiastically announces his game on their platform their network gets hacked at the same time as the game gets released
To be fair Sony being hacked isn’t a “mistake” if taken literally. They were the victim of an attack. Granted they should have had proper security but it’s not the same as say releasing your console 4 months early at an unreasonable price point and alienating your retail and development partners. This wasn’t an “oops we messed up…” moment so much as it was criminals being criminals. Hell even Microsoft and TMobile had data breaches and they have much better safeguards.
#4 releasing a streaming-only handheld #5 releasing concord #6 releasing a 700 bucks PS5 pro
I got a PS3 about a year later by convincing my parents to get it for the Blu-ray player.
4:08 ion't give a fuck everybody knows ps3 make the best games
The PS3 was the end of Sony gaming. It lost all the exclusives like final fantasy, GTA, and resident evil. Eventually Even tomb raider. It's online service was literal garbage and filled with children because it was free. It was offline for months at a time. It's controller was stuck in 1996 with it's thumbstick below the dpad. As a kid who loves PS2 and 1, watching PS3 fail so spectacularly was embarrassing. Xbox gladly picked up where Sony failed and the industry never looked back. Sony gaming is like a sad joke now. "We have so much graphic and powerrrrr just ignore how bad our games are in terms of gameplay mechanics and design during hur"
The price thing falls apart as an argument for the 360. You paid $60 a year from 2005-2013 psn was free until they figured out you were all suckers.
The memory issue on the PS Vita is even worse than this. The Vita encrypts the data on the memory card constantly to decrypt it for reading. If you leave the PS Vita in Standby Mode for a prolonged time, the Vita becomes unable to decrypt all of the data which leads to crashing games and lost save files. The only solution to this problem is to format your card and re-download all of your content if you didnt make a safety copy beforehand. Its pure garbage
Sony and PSN gets hacked all of the time, gamers are ignorant.
Who still has their hush PSN game, in exchange you can’t sue them?
Concord
I think it's funny that we talk about the ps hack but also fail to mention that xbox has had about the same amount of accounts hacked.
Lowkey anyone who bought an og PS3 got a steal, since it cost 200+ more to actually make it.
It's funny how forcing people to use proprietary memory to combat piracy and hacking leads to piracy and hacking  - Gaming Historian I love that quote
Please come back Sony deserves a continuation of this video, especially now
Add Ps5 pro
Credit cards: Make sure you have at least two, the second for parties you trust less. And avoid debit cards.
Ending made me feel like I was watching PBS
Ooops! it's 2024! it needs a new update now😅 Concord and PS5 Pro is waving😁
Oh look, what a coincidence this comes across my suggested videos
This video is gonna need an update after 2024.
The background music is too loud!!! Turn it down dam it
PS5 Pro xD
you can now add a forth reason,; the PS5 Pro $700 price
#4 releasing PS5 pro for $700
Concord needs to be addressed in this video 😂
Sitting here in 2024 casually rocking 64GB… of RAM. I took like 2 minutes to get this was about storage 😅
Please don’t tackle LBOx’s mistakes; otherwise, we’ll be here for days.
Gaming Historian  please  make a  video on the story of Crash bandicoot
If you really want to see how bad ps3's launch is, watch MovieBob's "The Emperor Has No Clothes" where (before the ps3's turnaround) he hypothesizes that Sony's disasterous launch of rhe ps3 proves Sony never had any idea what they were doing and just benefitted from nintendo and sega's mistakes. As well ScrewAttack's top 10 ps3 games (which only contained entries)
Resistance was an incredible game.  Played the hell out of r1 and r2.
The Memory Stick was annoying because they were constantly being updated…  The Vita, I think came with a 8gb and I just lived with that till the 64gb came out and I got that from Amazon I think?
Actually Sony pissed off Anonymous and Sony was shut down for nearly a MONTH.
I know you said you won't make new videos anymore (not regularly at least), but I would like to see some casual video where you "update" theae older videos, if there is anything to update. For example, if you think there was bigger mistake some game company made in last few years. Cheers!
I know this is waaay old to be commenting on, but I think a mistake that you didn't cover was specifically the Cell Processor architecture that Sony chose for the PS3. They used an odd offshoot of the PowerPC architecture called the Cell Processor. It was supposed to be a revolutionary venture between Sony and IBM, but the chip was difficult to work with especially for early 00's tech. Games generally suffered because of these difficulties, either with production delays to work out programming to deal with quirks with how the chip handled data or bugs that would eventually require being Day 1 patched via PSN. While the Cell Processor was indeed useful when used with various Unix/Linux, the US DOD famously had bought several PS3s and turned them into a computing cluster which was negatively affected by the '10 decision regarding Other OS being patched out. The PS3 as a whole set back Sony quite a bit from my reconing.
The biggest mistake Gaming  Historian made? Not uploading videos regularly, if at all
Sonys bigger mistake than these three is including online multiplayer behind a paywall with ps plus in the ps4. But online is free for some weekends every 3-4 months so thatcs cool. I wish it stayed like the ps3 forever
While it was by NO MEANS perfect, I really loved the PS3. I picked up the 80GB “Grand Piano” system that was one of the only backwards compatible with PS2 and PS1 games. It lasted about 6 years before my PS3 stopped working entirely. And then after getting it fixed, it became sluggish and wouldn’t work right. I then replaced my PS3 with a PS4, and now I have my PS5 which has backward compatibility with PS4 games. But as awesome as my PS5 is, I miss my old PS3.
Another mistake for Sony: Moving to California.
$110 for one gigabyte of storage is wild
Has a vita owner since last year the memory card is a problem for me since it only came with a 8 gig memory card from eBay
All these security breaches would be a thing of the past if they were required to pay billion dollar fines.
Does trying to force your format on the public when they’ve adopted another ever work out? 😂
You could argue the proprietary memory issue went all the way back to the PS1 (at least for us gamers), though there wasn’t a great way to handle it back then as onboard hard drives weren’t standardized until the original Xbox.
Atari's biggest mistakes, let's see, how about: Pac-Man, ET and the Jaguar?
I bought a PS3 at launch, and didn't regret it. I didn't even really care about the lack of launch games, since I was playing Final Fantasy XII and Persona 4 to get through until the good games started to release. That backwards compatibility was key to me being able to really enjoy my new system, and it helped me to clear some of my backlog.
Biggest sony mistake is them censoring anime games while publishing garbage like tlou2
Nintendo is the worst
"Giant enemy crab"  is the best meme, you can't top it.  "Ridge racer. Riiiiidge racer. Remember that one?" is also hilarious, it's like someone's dad talking up Asteroids or something, not because Ridge Racer was super old or anything, but he tried way too hard, the audience wasn't biting, and he still went totally ham with it.   Sony kicked Sega's ass with the PS1 announcement, and here they were squaring off against a huge company (Microsoft) and they pulled crap like that. Overconfident due to the Japanese disdain for Microsoft and the Xbox?
Great informational videos I love it
6:22 "I will work more hours to buy one." 99% of employers dont offer paid overtime 🤣
I love your wife’s pbs funding announcement at the end. Just love this channel
I did a report on this for my business class and I cited this video, you got me an A for this class Norman. I thank you good sir 🫡
They got so lucky that PS3 invented the blu-ray player. I liked that system a lot though because there were a ton of great games, it had FREE online, it was the best Blu-ray player you could buy for a while…I don’t know I think the 2nd half of its life was superb. Gaming is shitty now because it’s all about nickel and diming you and trying to control your experience. I’m so glad my first console was NES when I was 6 (it had been out for 4 years).
I bought a PS3 because I wanted a blu-ray player and the fact it played games was a bonus.
Doesn't MS still do something similar with Xbox Series in requiring external storage be a certified device or else you can only save games to it but not run the games? Or did I misunderstand and overpay for storage for my brother in law? Last console I bought myself was PS2 before moving to PC. So, I never had any reason to pay any attention to Xbox.
After psp sony just went downhill
I remember the PSN hack.  The crappy apology that Sony gave us was really lame too.  I had no interest in the free games that were greatest hits titles preselected by them and a month free of a service that no many I knew cared for was really bad.  After that happened it took a while for me to come back to Sony to play games.  I didn’t even buy a PS4 until 2017
Qa😊]⁰)]+````1
PSP started in 2004. Not 2005. If you had issues with the PSP memory card then you are a newb, PSP memory card adaptors from SD cards to their connection from day 1..... As to the PS3, Yeah their store was lower budget but it came as FREE...... And in the UK was NOT cheaper than Xbox. But then according to the US it is the whole world.
I looked up online that $600 price tag. Keeping in mind that this was 2006, it would cost more than $900 today!
I wonder if Sony would’ve been more successful with their electronics if they would’ve just accepted SD cards. Back in the 90s and early 2000s people still thought of quality when they thought about Sony.
The proprietary memory on Sony’s handhelds is baffling, and also doesn’t make sense when their cameras don’t have it. Yes, that’s right. The cameras made by Sony Use SD Cards, not proprietary memory sticks. I know this because My school uses these cameras for their photography classes. Well, there’s one teacher still using cameras made by Cannon. But all the other photography teachers at my school use ones made by Sony. That’s how I know these things.
PSN hack is proof enough that gaming going digital is a horrible move. Gimme network free story immersive physical games all day.
adjusted for inflation as of me writing this, the ps3 released for $830 - $930. that's fucking scary.
And Sony continues to make mistakes with it's marketing.
My biggest mistake was choosing infamous as my free game that thing sucked
Time to add playstation Portal to this list. What a fucking piece of garbage
I remember the memory war. They was the biggest thing that affected me the most. I had a Vita. I loved the thing. But $100 for a 32gb card was preposterous. All my friends had the DS and even tho my Vita was vastly superior in terms of technical prowess, I couldn't buy more games because I couldn't afford a big memory card. Smh. I'm glad Sony lost that war. That was a very selfish move on their part.
The chapter for Entry 3 skips over the majority of the segment (I know this is probably Google's fault though) a more accurate one is 0:27
The last SONY console I purchased was the PSP Go. It will take a lot for me to purchase anything from SONY again.
I remember vividly a quote from a online commenter at the time the PS3 got hacked:  "Sony, word of advice: NEVER provoke the kind of people who install Linux on their Playstations".
the RUMBLE PACK, is just a waste of battery charge, so taking it off WAS A GOOD IDEA !!!
Remember the days when we could go to a physical store to purchase our equipment and games using cash?  No worries of being hacked or having private data stolen by an anonymous thief.
Pstriple
Not the baby ad!!!
14:28 reminds me of the Simpsons episode Bart versus Australia
Moral of the story for this video: never buy a PlayStation 3, even if you want to play the exclusive games that badly.
Hate the proprietary portion, but those handhelds are top notch.
Why is it that the 3rd console does bad for every company Nintendo's N64 didn't do so hot, Sega did horrendous with the Sega Saturn, Sony did bad with the PS3 at least it made a comeback, Microsoft did pretty mediocre with the Xbox One
PS3's being $600 was not a mistake. The 360 just was never as good and in the long term was the better seller.
I definitely agree with mistake #2, at the time that ps 3 released I was working in fast food and just moved out of my parents place. I was and am a tech nerd and looked forward to linux on the ps3 as well as seeing the conclusion of the metal gear series with mgs4.  But the price tag blew those hopes right out of the water.  I never did get to play mgs4, but I did eventually play mgs5 on the xbox360 that I had purchased the year before moving out while still living at home.  Today I have more money left over at the end off the month, but I don't think I see myself buying a Sony game console any time in the future.
16:36 you are right it was one of the worst things that happen on the gaming history, and comparing to Xbox Red Ring of Death it was nothing compared to this
Very informative! This video is another reason as to why PlayStation 2 continued to sell!!!
Hey Norm, you forgot one last problem with the PS3: The Yellow Light of Death
And the PS3 was all out of gum 😂
Come on, guys! Let's form a team and expose the s***heads who hacked PlayStation Network!
You missed one. Morbius
Problem with Sony has always been that they take HUGE risks for moderate rewards. They could've literally made the VITA compatible with the standard memory and it would have been alive this very day and remained a superior handheld device. I remember when the dvd format wars were going on, XBox did the SMART thing and made the HD-DVD an External component to which Sony made the PS3's Blu-ray INTERNAL. Had Blu-ray LOST, the PS3 would've had a completely obsolete component inside of it that would have GREATLY threatened it's sales and continuity. The PS3 was Already losing money because of its high production cost. And for what?? Now Blu-ray is barely used or bought, everything is online now. Sony just doesn't think with a consumer prospective, they NEVER have. They make decisions based purely on business and push "contractual" products. They literally create and embed things to their devices that will FORCE you to stick with their brand. They've always been notoriously OK with losing a ton of money and pushing the next brand-locked item, not caring if it fails but for the small hope that it will succeed. Lol. You can tell Sony is run by traditional old stubborn Japanese men who never read negative feedback and if by chance they do, they'll never take any of it into consideration. 🤦
Did Immersion sue Sony and Microsoft for using their rumble technology because they didn't ask for their permission?
Seeing how the PS3 used Blu-ray, and no one was ready to move on from DVD, when would the world have been ready to move on to Blu-ray?
The Vita didn't just fail because of proprietary memory. It came out 2 years before the PS4 was launched, and there was a lack of support from major 3rd-party developers due to the fact that games for the Vita were more expensive to make than games for the 3DS
It is worth noting that Blue-ray basically never matched the DVD in sales.  Optical disc media even by 2006 were clearly not the technology of the future.
Will the people who hacked PSN ever be caught? I want those s***heads to pay for stealing information!
Corporations that have more then enough money to safely lock down user data that then choose to not do so either out of incompetence, laziness, or the desire to save a buck - should be publicly shamed and shunned. That's a major d*** move.
Sony try taking the apple way and lost
I don't know if I would call the ps3 price because of Blu-ray a mistake. It is pretty much believed that Sony putting Blu-ray into the ps3 pushed the disc format to with that war. I would bet they made more money because of it as a company then the PlayStation part of the business lost
Gamers are so funny sony messed up hard with ps3. Then Microsoft has one bad press conference where they were really just a head of their time, yet they still haven’t been able to recover.
I loved my vita but had to nod it to use a 138gb ad card otherwise I'd have been paying over £100 and this was during the covid lick down
As bad as $172M loss sounds, it's a fraction of Microsoft's RROD costing over $1B.
Funny how all 3 of Sony's biggest mistakes all happened during the ps3 era lol
Ken Kutaragi's quote is just so conceited and out of touch...  Yeah sure, Ill work more hours to buy a machine I can't even play because I dont have time because I work too much to afford it.  Smh.  I cheered when he left.  What an asshole.
It's kinda sad Sony got the wrong message from the Vita.  They took it as people not wanting the console instead of Hey maybe being greedy with the memory stick instead of SD card is kinda BS.
interesting video, Like it
I could go for 3 Biggest Mistakes for NEC but I don't know much about them except releasing Keith Courage in Alpha Zones for the Turbografx-16 when they should released something like Bonk with the System instead of that!
The section of that beer game looked a little like Metroid.
Somehow I know not to own a PlayStation anymore. Jeez
All Wii that generation.  Loved that little thing.  Besides, for big fat games PC is where it's at.
So Sony’s response to the price criticism is “quit being broke” 😂
I loved the Vita, EXCEPT for that damn memory card. Also, the largest card was 64gb, but that size was never released in the US (outside of JP at all?). Best you could get was 32gb.... When every game required a few GB *at least* even if you had the physical carts.
The psp not having dual analog sticks was also why Sony lost the portable market. I had tons of friends waiting for the the ability to play PS2  portably, but when the PSP go came out they gave up and moved on to mobile games.
"It took a long time for Sony to regain the trust of their consumers"  uhmmm I don't know about that
Big
Had the XBOX 360 not had their own issue with the RRoD, it would have left the PS3 in the dust.
I’ll never forget the PSN hack in 2011, I couldn’t play Black Ops online for at least three weeks. I did get Little Big Planet and Infamous for free as a gift from Sony, so thanks Anonymous Hacker group for the free games!
I had a Japanese friend who told me about the dinosaur-sized crabs that used to roam the beaches and terrorize the countryside. The good news was if they managed to kill one of those things, just a single carcass could feed an entire village for a month....historically speaking.
Sony bowing apologize is iconic. I feel bad for them but hope they learn their lesson. Don't mess with technology. Its not like music that changed just like 10 years while technology feels like changing in matter of months, they have to do better. If not, what happen to SEGA can happen to them.
The PSN hack was a disaster, sure, but it was also a uniquely poorly timed disaster. Microsoft dominated the 7th Gen so completely that Sony couldn’t afford any mistakes. They needed to avoid ANY new negative publicity and to have a perfect launch of the PS4 to have any chance of making up the ground they had lost.
I think it could be argued that the PS3 launch was their biggest mistake.  That’s when they lost their dominance of the console industry, and opened the door for the Wii’s massive success and started the momentum that Nintendo is still riding to this day,  That said I love these biggest mistake videos. They highlight some of the biggest turning points in vg history.
“RiDgE rAcEr!!!!!1!111!111”
The fact that sony had multiple systems hacked in a few years and at least one may have just been for the Lulz is pretty stupefying in hindsight.   Really fits stereotypes of japanese companies as behind the times.
Sony had no idea what to do when the PS3 rolled around
I always wondered why an entire generation jumped from PS2 to Xbox360, but it's clear now
You can tie this into the bad launch of the PS3, but an HM for mistakes Sony has made around the PlayStation, I’d have the unique hardware architecture present in the system.    Not only did having the PS3 built in such a unique way make certain models of PS3 to not be backwards compatible with PS2 games… it also created the issue that all future Sony consoles (PS4 & PS5) could not play PS3 games via backwards compatibility.  The unique hardware structure was also a notorious bane on the existence of many 3rd party developers and an outright bitch to develop for.  Because of the unique design, many third party developers either would develop their games for PC/XBox 360 and then “port” their games to PS3 (resulting in some times much inferior final products), or outright not develop for the system altogether.       Going against the grain with their hardware cost Sony the generation as much as their dumb launch did.
Lol and here i thought it was ps2 backwards compatibility
It’s funny really that generation as whole, considering the Wii just plodded along haha 😂   Another mistake Sony had was during the console failures with YLOD (Yellow Light of Death), I remember seeing adverts on TV a with folks putting the motherboards in the oven etc haha 😂
I remember when people were calling the Xbox One the Xbox 720. Sony’s 2 biggest mistakes is the Sony Pony fans and the mysterious reason why all Sony products fail when you need them most.
It's crazy the ps3 was a mistake considering it's like 3rd or 4th best selling console of all time lol it's true I think it sold close to 100 million
Nintendo is the best
One my biggest peeves with sony was not launching a video chat with the ps4. If the 3 had it, why couldn’t the next gen have it. I mean, they sold a camera but it didn’t do anything.
Honorable mention: Sonys compensation package for 73 million users info forever floating around on the dark web.
This is the only video I’ve watched where i had to speed it up in order to watch
You can't talk about Sony and not mention when they installed rootkits on users PCs in the name of DRM.
Hii Love from India 🇮🇳
Yea I hates the memory card war. It was clear 4gb SD card = 4gb of memory. No difference except physical card size, price and compatibility So glad Europe is forcing all electronic companies including Apple to make all electronic devices (including laptops, cell phones) compatible with C cord charger. Hope USA forces it too
As bad as the PS3's launch was, they likely made more money over its lifetime (on hardware sales, that is) than Microsoft did on the 360.  Since consoles are sold at a loss for the first year or 2 of sales, having a bad launch then catching up in the later half of the generation has its benefits.
"It's too bad because the Vita was a really nice piece of hardware with lots of potential." That is so Sony. Great ideas, but believe in your perfection and don't listen to anyone.
Xbot clickbait video
Console gamers🤣🤣🤣🤣🤮
S O E
You forgot their biggest mistake, their rootkit malware on their CDs
Add, "giving control to Jim Ryan" to that list at number 1, 2.5, 3.5 and 4.
Sonys five biggest mistakes. Ps1, ps2, ps3, ps4, ps5
#2 to be fair. I rather save for $499 PlayStation then the “ring of death” Xbox.
Yea got mine secondhand shortly after launch bc my wife was always on the Wii and I was playing our last gen shit. Yea pretty much I was using it as a blue ray player or to play ps1&ps2 games on
Its pretty sad that these things you bring up, would be forgotten by their fanbase because they are one of the most biased fan base of gaming history. They just dont care to continued to get screwed.
Selling the Vaio line thinking that PlayStation would make them money. Smh
I’d describe the ps3 with 4 words “rough launch, soft landing”
Selling SOE you morons!  Not a single thing you list was a top 3...  Why are these fake youtubers pretending to have knowledge.
Another Big problem sony was going through is that call of duty content was being released on Xbox first. This was before games like Fortnite or siege were around, so call of duty at the time was extremely popular.
i'd disagree a little on the 3rd bigest mistake i had a playstation 1 brought in 98 with crash bandicoot the only reason i didn't ever upgrade to a ps2 was because the price of ps2 games was so much more than the price of ps1 games as the ps1 games after selling a certain amount beame platinum realeases and sold for something like 20 pound (about $30 american at the time) but ps2 games were all 60 pounds with some being 40 pound depending on the game but they didn't have any of the same platinum offers in shops showing their greed for profit to me which turned me off when i could get a pc game for 10-20 pounds got me into the command and conquer games and many hours of gaming that did, my dad used to get so mad at me for getting so engrossed in those games it was a shame when i had to upgrade my computer and they no longer worked on my pc!
Many multiplatform games often performed better on the 360 than the PS3, which is why I went with them that generation.
The PSN hack is such an untrue problem. One of the biggest media outrages that in reality didn't affect anyone, negatively. Did anyone got robbed because of that? No. Did anyone loose something because of that? No. Did any harm happened to any user? No. Anything bad truly happened? No... In reality, after few weeks of online servers down, everyone got 3 to 5 free games. Such a shame Sony, such a shame.  One of your biggest mistakes was giving every user free games. Shame on you truly, bad sony
I worked at a game store when the PS3 launched. I don't know how many pre-orders I had to refund and put towards a 360. They put the money down on the PS3 hoping for some good games, only to be met with generic football and racing games.
One interesting thing about each of Sony's mistakes is that they should have known better for each of these from what they did to beat their rivals previously: memory formats (vs Nintendo), high price of PS3 (vs Sega), and keeping your base happy with networking features (Microsoft).
Nah bruh Sony's biggest mistke was the PS4. That was the beggining of the end for gaming imo. Lack of backwards compatibility, payed online (hence the reason I switched to PC) and a $100 price increase from the PS3
While I can't justify George Hotz's actions upon the network, I gotta give him a point or two for admitting he did it, even though his aim was probably to lure in other hackers.
Regarding third party OS being disabled for PS3. There is one User group missing. Server farm's which used PS3s as cheap watt/flop machines. Pretty sure some even sued Sony for that update.
PS3 was worth every penny. I loved it. Still do. Plus you got the free Blu Ray player.
@13:20 because japan.. They did the same in fukushima.. first they demand nothing happened and then if the shit is boiling some buusiness men dressed like a pengiun admit the mistake and bow in devotion.. classic.
Immersion- cad view-controllers
It started with the MD’s. I had everything from Sony - the original cd, the md rewritable cartridge, the entertainment system, the portable md player - …copy protection…  Loved my 1998 - mz-r55 - a flagship born to die 😢
PS1 not playstation one maar oorspronkelijk de  Philips Play station,  een upgrade van de CDi en software huis playlogisch te Breda
The biggest mistake Sony has ever made was not buying FromSoftware when they had the chance.
Another one of the mistakes i know is the PlayStation Classic because i learned how wrong they did with the mini. 🤔
Good video, but you are dead wrong about Blu-ray.  They suffered a loss on the console market, but blu-ray won the format war.  That’s $1 for every single movie sold for a decade.  They got their money back, and some.
Their biggest mistake: the Cell processor itself.
"this game is based of of japanese history..." "SO HERES A GIANT CRAB!"
PS3 Slim is still the best BlueRay player ever made though - not going to lie.
Ps3 was one giant mistake of a console. It probably still gives Sony execs nightmares with cold sweat.
Yea, this was the generation that put me off of sony for good. I had a PSP and PS3 and never got a PS4 or 5. I will just wait for Sony to release games on PC.
$600 was worth it for people who didn't have blu ray, PS2/PSX or even a computer. In regards to the latter I dropped a laptop early in grad school and was grateful to have already installed Linux on my PS3.   The night before launch people started lining up at a Best Buy only a block from where I went to school, so I didn't feel bashful about getting in a short line for a midnight release. A few hours into people waiting, cops showed up and told the store they couldn't operate after 11pm in Boston without a particular license, so everyone had to go home. The next morning there was a huge line because ALL of the PS3s going to Best Buys in the area all went to that one store. People I knew who didn't even play games were coming back to campus with 2-3 consoles to scalp for $1000+. Then when I went home for Christmas (in Montana) I walked into two stores that had 60GBs just sitting on the shelf. Planned to play FFXI and MVP Baseball for PS2 rather than launch titles, bought the only available third party controller in town but it didn't have a PS button so you couldn't use it with PS2 games. But it was my favorite console from that moment until the moment they yanked out Other OS and bricked the computer I'd been using for grad school. Haven't spent a penny on a new Sony product since.
Sony had something older then the PSP, that barely saw the light of day as it was just awful. Sony PocketStation from 1999.
9:17 Xbox 360 sales are very misleading. I and many other people technically already bought 3 by that point thanks to the extremely common Red Ring of Death
Ps3 launch seemed bad at first but thanks to the home movie market, ps3s ended up selling out rather quickly. At that time blu-ray players were over $1000. The $600 ps3 was the best AND cheapest blu-ray player (most others didn't even have online connection and thus never got updated)
0:08 "Sony entered the Video Game industry in 1994 with the Playstation" this statement is FALSE....Sony entered the gaming industry in 1990 with the release of the Super Famicom which had the  S-SMP audio chip designed by Ken Kutaragi the father of Playstation
Anyone remember when games came on a cartridge or a CD 💿, and were 100% complete?
PS3 was INFERIOR to XBOX 360.  PS4 and Xbox were about even.  PS5 and XBOX feel completely inferior to my PC.  Core i9 + 4090 + 32GB DDR5 + SSD  I will probably never go back to consoles.
I've got to disagree with the order of these mistakes. Even though number 1 was quite big, in terms of how it affected them as a business it was nowhere near as bad as 2 & 3. Sony were giants in the market in 2006 and the poor PS3 launch took them years to recover from. The PSP sold really well and the PS Vita's proprietary memory basically destroyed Sony's handheld business. In 2011 Sony were on the up and the network hack didn't stop that. A couple years later they launched the PS4 which was a resounding success. If the hack was as bad for Sony as the PS3 launch was, they wouldn't be in the dominating position are today.  Oh and I also disagree with the Blu-Ray issues. Sure it made the console cost a lot but it was definitely the right move to include it. It sold a lot of consoles to people who wanted Blu-Ray players and it helped to cement Blu-Ray as the standard.
im a nintendo  lover alot ive played allmost every kirby game and mario game so this video makes me happy
I never knew that the PSN got hacked by having personal information stolen
When bluray was new thing, ps3 was the best bluray-player for long time
I own 2 vitas both hacked
I had bought the 320gb slim model before the first hack. Sold the PS3, deleted my info, changed passwords and also canceled my card. What they offered as a sorry is crap. I had a 360 at that time too and never had an issue with it. I stayed with Microsoft untill the late ps4 cycle.
Many companies used ps3 as combined cluster servers. Sony made a big mistake to shut down other OS. Because one cluster could be like 700 ps3's connected together making a super computer
Sony beat the Sega Saturn with the famous "299" pricetag, And yet they still gone and did that with the ps3.
Sony’s biggest mistake was entering the video game market in the first place. PS1 was horrible and only had a handful of good games. PS2 only sold well because it was a cheap dvd player. PS3 & PSP were the only true good Playstation consoles.
Technically the Sony executives should have committed suicide to pay for their error..as is their old custom..🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
bought a vita off ebay a couple years ago, and got so lucky when the seller left me a 16 gig sd card in the system for free. didn't even use it
Pretty stupid to unironically say "Anonymous" did this or that, the truth is anyone can claim that name, and the most common people to do so these days are American three letter agencies.
Great vid GH! Also love it ending on those buttery smooth beats.
I know I'm over two years late, but I fail to see why the PS Vita needed separate memory cards. Speaking as someone whose home and handheld consoles are all Nintendo's creations, I know that the 3DS that the Vita competed with could save data on both SD Cards (or microSD Cards for later models) *and* the cartridges that physical games were saved on.  I understand why the PSP needed separate memory (you can't save data to the UMDs it used), but the PS Vita having cartridges without the ability to save to them just makes no sense. Being able to save to the cartridges makes more sense to me than requiring a memory card (even if it's just an SD Card) to save.
I did have a Nintendo Wii, but my older brother had a ps3 and he won't let me play his ps3 the only games that we ever played were kingdom hearts and fighting games except mortal kombat. and just let you guys know mortal kombat is not my cup of tea
We need an update on this with the current PS5 situation... But only once the lawsuit bis settled
Really 1994 how is it I didn't hear about ps1 til 7th grade 1997
Fun Fact: The Vita did better in Japan because it was marketed towards otakus.
3:21  Steam Deck.
What happened with Genji?
The PSN Hack was the worst mistake they had EVER DONE!
The PS3 was a failure.
I’m still not ready to move on from DVD
Bro, I have watched 90% of your videos over 3 nights.
3:41 Well said...
Thanks to this video I know the answer for the lost of my psn account long ago
PS3 was Sony's ayahuasca trip
The irony of Sony's blunder on the Vita was they made the same mistake Nintendo did with their N64 launch when they persistently stuck with cartridges to store physical games.  it wrecked havoc on what could have been a successful portable system. Imagine if they just utilized standard memory cards and more 3rd party publishers and developers supported the Vita, there could have been a lot of first party titles that we would have played there and could have given Nintendo a run for its money.
Sony mistake was ever entering the game industry there systems all suck and games are garbage
Sony's biggest mistake is that they keep making mistakes like what caused the failure of the Vita and never seem to learn from it
Big mistake number 4: moving to and adopting California culture.
What does Pac-man believe?
According to wikipedia, PS3 actually outsold the 360 by 3.5 million units.  Which I find extremely hard to believe. EVERYONE owned a 360 back in the day. I only ever knew two people who had a PS3, and one of those was a super late to the party slim model in 2012.
Xbox live wasnt fantastic due to certian people on Xbox but it definitely worked better than psn
I bought the PS3 at full price and have no regrets. Loved it more than the 360 and the Wii.
I still remember MK9 coming out and like a week or more later the shut down happen! 😭😭
Sony is pretty terrible outside of their TVs and sound devices, those are some of the best! But aside from that, they're pretty terrible.
Now xbox ispropritsry memory and ps5 isn't
It's funny how nobody is even talking about the Yellow Light of Death witch is worse that the Xbox 360 Red Ring of Death
Yeah sony shot themselves in the foot with the online hack for 2011. I dont feel sorry for them one bit. If you think that paying for fucking online on the ps4 and ps5 just to help server costs is a complete fucking bullshit lie.
Ps classic was probably a real close 3rd 🤣
*_His voice sounds like the 'How It's Made' narrator_*
I was one of the many gamers who were gonna go from ps2 to ps3.  And then Sony got a serious attitude, all my friends bought xbox 360 consoles and it was the best one.  Luckily they fixed everything with ps4 but the signs are back
Jesus, that data hack and security breach with the PlayStation is just so horrible
The blue ray was a great idea but to be honest they don't come through with all their promises and play more like a DVD although I think they're harder to scratch
13:52 Damn, Sony sued Geohot and then fellow hackers got Sony sued.
Bill gates was the hacker 😆 🤣 😂
While I do think those were big mistakes by Sony, in my opinion the *_BIGGEST_* mistake Sony has made was not upholding with their 'Backwards Compatibility' model that they initially started and succesfully implemented back with the PSOne, PS2 and even early PS3. This has led to multiple issues since the PS3 with not only hardware and software compatibility but, also things like game preservation concerns and Sony's apparent apathy regarding these issues.  It's obvious that they are so out of touch with their customer base that only when the customer base began to complain amidst reports that the PSN store would begin shutting down branches dedicated to PS3 and Vita, they then were jolted into seeing how there is a huge part of their customer base that still enjoys playing the older titles from their previous gen hardware.   Not to mention, having one of their "higher up's" basically question why anybody would want to play older games from the PSOne, PS2 & PS3 libraries did not help endear them to their customer base. If they had kept up with their backwards compatibility model, I think they would've dominated the market in so many ways. Especially, if they found a way to also include most, if not all, titles from their PSP and PSVita libraries in that model. After all, there were/are some PSP games that can be played on the PS3 via download.
I have much respect for you.
I remember I bought a 360 over the PS3 and I was so nervous. I had bought the PS1 and PS2 so I was worried I was making a mistake going with a different company, especially Microsoft. But Xbox Live is what won me over. I made the right choice.
Honestly, when you take a look at Sony's track record since the PS1, it's legit impressive that they've held the market as well as they have. The PS1 completely trounced the Saturn and N64, and the same thing pretty much happened with the PS2, completely outselling the Xbox, Gamecube and Dreamcast. Same thing happened with the PS4. Only big tripup was the PS3. Honestly, Sony's success is largely due not just to it's own abilities, but it's competitors' major screwups.
At least the free games they gave us in the 'welcome back' program were pretty nice. I probably would've never gotten Wipeout HD+Fury otherwise, and that game introduced me to the rest of the series. Amazing title. Can't believe I didn't pay a dime for it.
I don't think I can agree that blu-ray was a mistake considering it did win that format war and we now know that the PS3 was one of the major reasons why it won.
When the PlayStation 3 first came out it was still the cheapest Blu-ray on the market Blu-ray players were like 4 to $500 at the time so you're actually getting a deal with the PlayStation
The typo on that shirt is really bothering me.
The Vita was an awesome console killed by Sony's stupidity and greed.  Let's use our shitty memory cards at 4 times the cost of micro SD cards.  Yeah that will work 🤔😂
I have the original backwards compatible PS3 version, I adore it.  My backlog of disk based games stretches back to the PS1 era, & that big bulky beauty can play all my PS1, PS2 & PS3 games.  As an added bonus, any Japanese games or movies I have it can play.  It may have been an expensive, oversized mess when it came out, but for all those things it CAN do, I still keep it.
I actually wonder if the BluRay player in the PS3 was huge success vs a failure.  As you stated all the negatives of what happened and I would even add another.  The PS3 was delayed a year because of BluRay, and it had less RAM to try and keep costs down.  However, if you look at the amount of money Sony made because BluRay won the format war and even that future XBOX systems sold with BluRay, thus giving Sony money for every console sold....  Well that may have been a short term loss for a huge long term gain.  Lastly, I realize that this is a mistake video, but man I think if you look at where the PS3 started and where it ended up, you would give an award for the best turnaround for a system ever.  The PS3 did outsell the XBOX by the end of their console run, it crushed out HD-DVD, it got cost under control and delivered some very good games.  Sony's online experience went from horrible to acceptable as well.   So I would say the biggest mistake Sony made with the PS3 is that they limited the RAM too much and that they greatly overestimated the yield gains of BluRay production.
Further on the PS3 Blu-ray point, I wonder if they would have had the spare cash to use 512MB (or perhaps even more) RAM if they had saved money by using a much cheaper DVD drive.  I remember at least early on the PS3 was known to be incredibly difficult to develop for. Having half the ram of the Xbox 360 probably didn't help.
Giant enemy crab gets me every single time
I loved my PSP and Vita.
Heck, Phil were envolved with some pretty big bombs in the game history (someone remembers STADIA still exist?)
PS Vita owner, loved the handheld, hated that memory sticks past like 32GB basically needed a bank loan.
To this very day, PS3 has no gaems.
I was initially relieved that PS3 did so poorly.  I already got a 360 and couldn't afford it.  Then RR on the 360 days before 3 year warranty was to die and I got a replacement.  But I got a PS3 as well, 3 years into its life cycle.  Well, 3 years later the 360 died but 10 years later, I still have that fat PS3.
"to prevent piracy" And yet both the PSP and Vita were cracked wide open. Which, ironically, is the main reason to own one these days.
Is it true they didn't have dedicated servers for the PS3 era? If so that could have been a big problem to mention with PSN.
I love those die hard fans of Sony they crack me up even after all the shit they do yeah Sony is not for the people really
Wait please tell me their security is BETTER these days😨 because I USE PlayStation
Wow PlayStation is 4 years older than me!😅       10.7.22
When the ps3 came out I was working at circuit city in a suburb of los angeles at the time and at midnight we started letting people come in to pick up their pre ordered ps3. But some asshole with a gun came in the store fired off a few rounds and pistol whipped me in the head I passed out I don't remember what happened  after that but they stole a couple of PS3'S. My manager at the time called the cops I was taken to the hospital it sucked 😒
The PS3 to me is a lot better than PS4 as the controller battery lasted way longer and more games.
The ps3 was a nightmare
16:43 Nice rhythm!
Whomever read this I pray that everyone is having abundant health in the Lord Jesus Christ name amen!!!!
I pray that everyone is having a blessed day and night so far in the Lord Jesus Christ name amen!!
That’s why we don’t play games online in our country. Thank God for that, and as the AVGNERD will say…”WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?!!!!!
Nintendo biggest mistake was not believing in Sony for Cd based games etc which led Sony to make their own council.    Microsoft biggest mistake was forgetting how their orignal X Box made such a impact with a four player control slot and better controls than the Dreamcast and Nintendo..  it was still huge but playable Also however it was and still is the best gaming council to mod to add other games etc.
Still mad about OtherOS.
So random but the music in the background on your channel is simply sublime
6:17 This is what I said about buying a Ferrari...... I then bought a Hyundai.
I feel it’s hard to say the PSN hack was a “Sony mistake”. Their security measures were defeated by hackers which is the activity of a criminal. Is it your mistake if someone breaks into your house? Why not? You could of put bars on your windows and welded the doors shut to increase security therefore it must be your mistake right? Considering it was likely a state sponsored hacker group from North Korea plays a big part too, they are still wreaking havoc and stealing billions even today….using Windows zero days makes that Microsoft’s mistake by this logic.
Ya I couldn’t imagine buying an expensive console that requires a proprietary memory expansion that is overpriced for the amount of storage that’s on it. Cough cough Xbox Series X/S cough cough
"Funny how forcing people to use proprietary memory to combat Piracy and hacking leads to Piracy and hacking"  YES!!! It's thw same thing with "always online" and forcing updates and logins to play games you already own and have installed. I have actually downloaded cracks or cracked copies of games I paid for to avoid such things. I have often had no or very poor "Broadband"/internet so when Steam or a 3rd party program like Uplay or MS Live would require a login or update to even play, I would have to hual my desktop somewhere to just to log in for a second or DL an "update"/"credential".   I also worked at Gamestop that year in MD part time to make some extra money to buy myself some PC parts etc. I just had my first kid a year before, so all my main wages went to domestic expenses. Anyway, remember all the calls asking if there were any Wiis?! Lol  Lastly imagine how sore some people would be to have no PS Network on 4/20?! Lol
This one is more recent than when you made the video. But I also think that the chip shortage excuse for the current generation was a huge misstep By Sony. I walked away from Sony after the data hack and although I own a ps4 and 5 they just sit there and collect dust. I litterally never even turn them on. And I bought both of them used.
I waited for a price drop and bought one that had the backwards compatibility.  I ended up only playing a handful of games on it and it was used primarily as a Blu Ray player.  Luckily they re-released some of the titles I missed on PS4, like Last of Us and Nathan Drake Collection.
Nintendo sold more Wii units than the PS3 and COULDNT KEEP UP WITH DEMAND… *Laughs in Nintendo!!
Oh man, I wasn’t an active gamer at the time but I sure bought a PS3 to get the great PS3 blu ray player. I STILL use my PS3 as my primary home entertainment platform for DVDs, BluRay discs, Netflix, YouTube, and Amazon Prime. I didn’t get the system on day 1, but I’ve had it for nearly 15 years. What a great purchase!!
Sony and apple follow the same rule book
I love your videos. The production, your voice, tone, delivery, knowledge, just great videos. Keep up the outstanding work.
It's so bizar but for me, the PlayStation 3 saved me. Let me back up a bit: I've been a gamer since i was very young. (All thanks to my mom! She was the best!) I loved gaming in general (so i wasn't fan of ONE specific console.) I gamed on the Commodore 64, ATARI 2600, SEGA MasterSystem and from there on it was mostly Nintendo consoles starting with the SNES and on. Then the PlayStation came along and it was the newest and "coolest" thing with the new kids as they said. So naturally, i bought it! (Well, i saved up for it. I was only around 10yrs. so...) Man, that PlayStation with the first demo (the first console on cd format) was so exciting for me as well. I mean i know you had the CDi from Philips i believe, but i'm not sure where that falls. (Like i said, i was pretty young and i don't remember everything clear.) The PS2 came along and it had that same effect on me. I loved the console in itself and i wanted it, so i bought it. But, i don't know why but i never bought one single game for the PS2. I never owned one either. I played PS1 games or played PS2 demo games. Or i watched dvd's on it.  So the PS2 generation went and go and the PS3 came out. And, i didn't buy it at first, i don't know why, but that urge to buy it wasn't there. It was like gaming was punched out of me. It is only after a good 2 yrs after its initial release in 2008 that i bought my PS3. Which was a bundle containing Uncharted and Ratchet And Clank: Tools Of Destructions. I started playing and man, i am so happy i bought that PS3 bundle! I started buying games and i think i never had as many games for my PS3 as i ever had with any consoles. (I'm talking about hundreds!) So while the PS3 might have been some king of mistake in the very beginning, i loved (and actually still love) that console. I bought one again a couple of months ago and started collecting some of the best games (for me personally) on that system. I liked the PS4 and i did own a good couple of games for it as wel but it wasn't the same, or so i feel like. I have the PS5 and i had a good feeling about that. Until Sony started to put their games on pc that is. Now i don't see any need anymore for a PS5. It really is a shame in my opinion. But they are a big company and they want only the money. I don't feel like they are still wanting to give the best gaming experience like they once did. They just want to think you they bring over exclusives and then they go cross gen and/or bring it over to pc.  Like i said, i don't care for one console in particular but with Playstation i really felt that it was a different experience, i can't really describe that. I have a Nintendo Switch as well as an XBOX Series X. Which is my first XBOX to be honest. Because XBOX itself never really appealed to me. Until now that is. I started playing games like Forza, Gears 5 and also Killer Instinct, which was a favorite of mine back in the SNES days and well, i enjoy it. I did buy an Elite controller because i can't stand the regular plastic feeling XBOX controller. But other than that. I think the Series X is a great gaming/media box and the same goes for PS5. The only difference for me now is that i will build myself a gaming pc again as i won't need a PlayStation anymore for exclusives. The same goes for the XBOX after i've build my pc. I know there are different reasons people buy consoles. Cost, convenience, mine was most and foremost the experience and exclusive games you got with these great consoles. That's completely gone! The best thing in the future (at least for now) will be a pc, pairing up with a Nintendo console!
11:34 based
The playstation tv and playstation 3d tv are also mistakes but the 3d tv is still pretty cool but playstation tv is only useful for barely any of the psvita library
I have no idea why anyone would buy a game they couldn't hold in their hand.
If Sony kept supporting the vita then it would've been very successful up to this day
I remember weirdos who genuinely believed they would sell a PS3 for a million dollars on Ebay. It was beyond ridiculous.
Another one of Sony's biggest mistakes was the CBOMB of Death issue.
Sony's biggest mistake is happening RIGHT NOW: the unavailability of PS5 with the lack of PS5 exclusive games! Why would some1 buy a PS5 instead a Xbox Series S or X? For GT7 or Ratchet and Clank? Really for ONLY these 2 games?? Why paying $500 to play these two, when i just bought a Series S for $220 and for $1, i can play ALL the GamePass titles FOR 3 MONTHS??? (then again with acc sharing). Sony is at the bottom of the pit right now.
The psp memory stick used to cost $200 for 2GB during the first gen psp days. I will never for
Yeah, the Vita was a huge bummer. It could have been a serious contender, especially since Nintendo would prove a few years later with the Switch how much people value a powerful portable handheld. If Sony hadn't been so headass with the Vita, it could have continued the PSP product line into the Switch era and served as a decent competition.
Interesting
I am ready to oil up and hit the gym with you
I wondered how you'd handle Linux on the PS3.
Oh wow those comments on rumble given the PS5!
I went with both 360 and PS but that generation, I waited for a while.  I eventually had broken 360 and PS3.  I think during that time, I went back to PC only.  I still have the broken PS3 today.  The PS hack was bad and I eventually went back with the PS4 later down the road.  Eventually got the Xbox one as well.  Just hope Sony doesn’t fk up like these again but I heard rumors of another handheld.  If they do that memory stick shit again, it will be added to #3.
I always thought it was lolsec that hacked Sony
Everyone focuses on Bill contradicting himself about genji being based on Japanese history but no one talks about how he called it an "Ashen Game"
Greed led to failure. This is I would say the Biggest Mistake in those big companies.
What about the YLOD caused by the overheating of the Fat PS3 and the melted solder?
I remember that PSN Hack. Back at that time I was HS, and that gave me fuel to prove that Xbox was better. Yes I was one of those. But again I was in HS, I was allowed to be a pleb.
Internet Historian: *Describing how severe the hack was and how my parent's information was in trouble and they never knew*  10-year old me: HA HA LITTLEBIGPLANET AND inFAMOUS GO BRRRRRR
4:50 FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETY-NINE U.S. DOLLARS FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETY-NINE U.S. DOLLARS FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETY-NINE U.S. DOLLARS #iykyk
Watching this in 2022, it seems PlayStation is still as arrogant and doesn't understand gamers as much as ever.
I remember this. Was like Pearl Harbor all over again my God
Some say I was my parents biggest mistake
A year ago I said Nintendo is slowly taking back the industry. That comment aged well
That PSN being down was a nightmare for me.I was 15 yrs old we weren't wealthy so all I had was a PS3 and playing online was my only escape from reality.Made me wish I would have gotten an Xbox360 and so I did get one the following year in case something like that happens again
On the portable consoles I’d say not enough 3rd party support. For example the PSP had a weak Gran Turismo and the very powerful Vita had no Gran Turismo at all. Wtf?!
Sony don't make mistakes, they simply challenge the market; it's the consumers who sometimes fail to rise to the occasion.
What is more odd is anyone wouldn't think Sony wouldn't do this...  Ps1 memory cards?  Kind of there thing...
I'm thankful for PS3, without that reality check the ps4 wouldn't be so good
Sony’s biggest mistake was canceling the Sly Cooper Movie.
Proprietary memory is the dumbest thing ever. Not just the psp and vita, they did it with the Ps1/Ps2 memory cards. Sony figured it out with the PS3 and beyond allowing user swappable harddrives and exernal USB. Even now, the PS5 lets you just install an M.2 drive you can get anywhere.  Microsoft messed up this gen, now they have memory cards that are double the price, but required if you want expanded storage
You sound do an Microsoft's 3 Biggest Mistakes video. My top 4 are for expull. As blockbuster member the used game made sure I wound never buy it. they wanted to band me for life just for perfering  blockbuster over netficks. Reshed market system "the red ring issue" and the number one resone why I gone MAC; Windows 10.
Top 3 falls short. Top 5 or 10 would be more adequate for Sony.
At least the PS3 worked unlike the ring of death 360
This is light work compared to Microsoft's biggest mistakes.
Shortly after the PSN hack my bank account was magically emptied of $15k. I'd bought a few games on the network using my bank account linked credit card. Took some doing but my bank got me my money back. Closed that account and after that only used PSN cards I bought at Walmart for my digital purchases. I'll never trust them again.
Look, I get that you are ADR-ing all of your dialog, you probably assume that it's the easy way to record your voice for your talking head stuff and half-ass because you have other stuff to worry about, and you're *already* recording for the VO stuff that you've always done, right?  Well there's a difference between what you do for VO and what you've been doing since an assumed "face reveal"  You need to make it sound like *you* are the one speaking, that your lips like up with the words and syllables that you are recording later, it just seems off...........  Remember that scene, really and scene that he's in, but the scene in The Dark Knight Rises where Bane reads out Gordon's letter that he was going to read at the benefit for the Dent act? It sounded like someone off screen with a bullhorn was doing the Bane voice and not the actor on the screen? Do you remember any of this? Go watch that scene and see if you think Tom Hardy is speaking those lines  Like, you *know* that he recorded ADR months after that scene was shot, and then again later because no one could understand him in the original teaser, so they went back and re-recorded it. You know because most movies ADR most dialog, because that's how movies work  The thing is, the reason I'm writing this comment after watching a minute or so of this video I had to stop and scrub through and see if you keep showing your face, is because your voice, like Bane's, doesn't match the person on screen  With most movies when they do ADR they have a team of people dedicated to making sure when you watch the movie the ADR that they record sounds like the person on screen is saying those lines, that didn't happen on The Dark Knight Rises, and it doesn't happen in your videos  It's like something out of the uncanny valley, just feels *off*  So, I want you to work on this, who knows, maybe you already have, but I doubt it, you seem like the person who would do a "good enough" job on ADR, I say that because of the example I have, show me something better
PS3 had better specs then Wii and Xbox 360 and Blu ray disc was necessary so I'm glad PS3 had it bulit in at launch.
It's funny that its now xbox series x with a sort of proprietary memorycard
When I bought my PSP I bought the biggest available Memory Stick at the time for 100€. It was a breathtaking 1GB!  Just jailbreaked my PSP a few days ago and had to order a 128GB SD Card with a SD to Memory Stick adapter for 17€ because the 100€ one did not manage to hold more than 2 PSX games.
Morbius?
The PSN hack was an inside job. Don't @ me
If you do an Xbox episode of this, I'll make it easy for you. 3) The fat original console and "the duke" 2) The Red Ring of Death 3) the XBONE and all of its restricting used games BS.
You know what I remember when the PS3 launched? People paying well over $1000 on eBay and craigslist to get one. So, why was $600 such a big deal if they were flying off the shelves and sold second hand for even more? It wasn't until years later I started hearing about this massive failure in YouTube videos. But, I really don't remember the price tag stopping anyone, at least not in my circle of friends, who were all fairly poor at the time.
Meow
I love your english. It's just so fluid and easy to understand. As a fan of this language (I'm Brazilian) and of video games i really love your channel and content, really good quality.
Sony's biggest mistake was sticking with Nintendo instead of making the Playstation sooner.
Never seen your face before - you kind of look like Matthew Broderick’s nerdy little brother
I love your videos, thank you!
The first 3 seconds makes me think you're about to start spitting fire
Playstation mistakes Having disks not cartridges Fan and cpu heatsink should be external for cleaning. Fan and ports need air filters Huge amount of low quality games
If there's any lesson in all of this it's never go to war with people who install Linux on their game consoles. It just won't end well.
The 360 had a problem with not being able to put the (  -   ) sign into the host name in the beginning and also the red ring. After a year or 2 I switched to ps3. The wii was something to play with together with your family.
This was really detailed and awesome! I always learn something new on this channel!
I miss the 2000s… who doesn’t?
I liked my PS3. Loved playing Fallout 3 on it but it kept crashing and eventually burned out my PS3. Didn’t even bother trying New Vegas on it. Bought both for 360 never had a problem.
I think Sony's lawsuit against PlayStation emulator Bleem! is a much bigger mistake than the memory card issue since it lead to the legalization of console emulation that effects the entire industry. This is especially troublesome for Nintendo that sees it's hardware emulated to a high accuracy line before their next console or handheld comes out.
I'm ok today,  roughly.  I just wanted to say that your videos really help my anxiety and depression. Thank you
Aren’t Sony also the sleazebags copyrighting videos and photos from literal centuries ago?  Who TF copyrights footage from the first half of the 20th century?!
Can you talk about why they removed bc on later versions of ps3?
Everyone : The Price Is higher than the other The Price : 2.99-20.99
Minidisk was a bigger thing in europe and japan than in the US I think
I'm glad that I was unable to get PS3.
Mistake #4: Censorship
Do you have any videos on the final fantasy 9 for PlayStation how it had play online features?
$399 for the low end (no hard dive) XBox, $499 for the high end.
Ya the attack was obviously a xbox endeavor.. smart of them..
The PS3 had a real rocky start , but it ended up being a fantastic console and their idea of going with blu-ray, was a good one in the end.
Suffice to say, Sony was stupid to keep quiet about the network intrusion.  The sooner people knew that their information was compromised, the sooner they could’ve taken action to protect themselves.
RIP PlayStation. 1994-2022
PS5, who has one?  There are warehouses full of them in scalpers hands.  Mehhh
Microsoft’s biggest mistakes?
Sony doesn't make mistakes. Sony makes history
Question: how is Sony's data security nowadays? Didi Sony learn something about being diligent with customer's data and about transparency, and applied this knowledge?
Xbox all day!!! Playstation sucks. Boo Playstation boo go take a bath. Boo, I heard ps has bedbugs.
The 360 was awful. Never had a problem with the ps3. Had the slim one though
Lol. I bought my ps3 second hand. Since I've bought a nintendo ds or two. A switch. And still play my ps3. The only thing which makes me want to buy a ps4 or ps5 is the "new" final fantasy. If I had one anyway, I might play jump force too. That's it.
Playstation 3 is the reason I got an Xbox.
Proprietary cards killed the Vita.
I started this video skeptical but I totally agree with you on all points. Well done sir.
Ah yes...the reason I went from Sony fanboy with a psp to a nintendo 3ds guy.
I was like 13 when the PSN hacks happened and had my mom's credit card on file. My heart sank when I learned that hackers may have gotten her credit card information. I remember freaking out all day while trying to figure out how to tell my mom. Later that night, I told her. She just said "oh I don't care. I can just get my money back if anyone tries to use it". I don't know why I was so worried but I guess in my kid brain, having someone's credit card meant that they could ruin your fucking life lol
I'll add one: claiming the ps2 would replace the pc. It may have just seemed like harmless mareting hype that nobody should take seriously, but microsoft took it very seriously. The xbox was created to prevent the ps2 from making the pc irrelevant. Most people in microsoft wanted nothing to do with gaming, but they were terrified at the prospect of sony and the cable companies teaming up to put playstations in living rooms, that would then run linux and supplant the pc.  A simple boast by sony ended u rousing a sleeping giant and filling him with a terrible resolve.
I got the wii first then 360 never felt ps was good enough imo
Hmm i remember being part of the SoE hack.... i don't remember getting any (2) free games out of it tho just a month or 2 of free SoE subscription.
Sony sold your information to secret organizations and/or the government. They have done it several times.
While Sony failed the Vita they did make a fantastic retro machine. Jailbreaking it is basically a requirement.
Next thing ya know, they charge $500 for the PS5 so it's not like they learned anything
Plot twist...what if it was Microsoft that hacked Sony?! Haha. They benefited the most and definitely got the resources for it
I think one of the biggest flaws that Sony ever made was the lack of backwards compatibility after the fat PS3. I can still play some original xbox and 360 games on my newer Xboxs.
I bought the ps1 and ps2. I stopped when ps3 was $600. They lost me as a customer for life. I use Nintendo now
Funny how people complain about Sony requiring proprietary accessories and memory, yet won’t bat an eye when Apple forces you to buy proprietary chargers and wires etc.
Backwards compatibility, number one in my book I just sold all my consoles the other day,
Idk that ps classic mini console was pretty bad
Why youre not make 3 Microsoft bigggest mistake ?
Resistance and the whole ps3 sucked for first 2 or 3 years. They bounced back good tho.
The 64 rumble pack was the first to do rumble i hope that was immersion.
Ok, watched it and I don´t know... the view on everything is a) very limited b) one sided and by your second point alone it was clear that you were some kind of xbox-fanboy, and your point of views only came out of the american point of view. Sad.
Vita memory cards were a paradox. It staved off piracy for years, and the system retained a high software attachment rate, which is why the console got so much software support and limited physical releases for all of it's lifespan despite the system's lack of sales. The system was eventually broken wide open regardless of firmware and exploit title availability, but they staved it off for a good 5 years. This meant it saw continuing software sales and digital / physical support at a higher rate, for longer than the PSP did... since the PSP was completely broke wide open.  The system was ultimately the same price as the 3DS except with far better graphics, much better screen, build and more features. However, they could have just bundled the system with 32GB built in memory, sold cards for expansion, charged $100 more since it was a much more premium handheld, or kept it the same price, taken a big loss on hardware, then tried to make it up in software sales and optional peripherals.  However, people always ignored the fact that physical game cards didn't require a memory card, barring a few rare exceptions. The most price conscious consumers tended to be physical hold outs who still went to Gamestop expecting to find dirt cheap used copies... so, theoretically, most of those unwilling to pay for memory would have been completely disinterested in buying digital games anyway.  Additionally, the initial plan was to sell digital games $5 cheaper than MSRP for physical titles, which would've meant that those who bought a memory card, and bought enough games to warrant needing 32-64GB of memory, would have recouped costs over time through savings on digital buys. Convoluted and rarely explained by Sony or any media outlets, but understandable. It would have been analogous to paying thousands of dollars for an amazing gaming PC, but then saving thousands on ultra cheap digital game sales on places like Steam or Humble etc.  The alternative could have been allowing SD cards, but then taking continuous, aggressive legal action against perpetrators like Nintendo does. PSP was destroyed by piracy and the software sales attach rate became non-existent as piracy became so easy and so pervasive... there's always this idea that people will only do it if they have a vendetta against anti-piracy measures, or  that it will still be too out-of-the-way for most consumers to bother. I don't think the PSP bears this out, as by the end of it's generation, the only reason people were buying PSP's was to turn them into emulation machines.
Say what you want but I still have all my ps3 discs and they ain’t got a scratch on them
I really would like to see SNKs mistakes!
The justification for the 60gb PS3 was the backward compatibility due to a hardware chip.  The newer versions didn't continue this   compatibility.
I never could justify buying the PS Vita memory sticks.
Microsoft's Three Biggest Mistakes 3. The "Duke" controller 2. Xbox One launch 1. Red Ring of Death
apple does the same thing with their adapters
I love videos like this.
when sony released the ps2 they said it was capable of playing the older games it sadly wasnt which was another mistake made by them
PS3 is my favorite system of all time..... I bought a 60 gig a month after release and loved it ever since.  I have over 400 physical games, and want to thank all you 360 owners for making that library so much more valuable.  I was able to get great deals on these games because the 360 was the “popular” system.  PS3 games would go on sale, and for cheaper, more quickly than any other system I have ever owned (been gaming since I was 4 in 1985).  It made it soooooo easy to build a huge collection and not spend much more than $10 on new games..... For sure my favorite generation and system in gaming.....
To sum up, Sony CONSERVATIVE LY thinks they are and actually are too advanced for the ordinary population. This ALSO happens with their phones. First 4k screen, 1inch sensor, hi res audio ........ Few use them.
I got Wipeout and some isometric zombie game for free after the hack. Never used the PSN so I never noticed. Profit.
$600 for 60gb ps3 yet can buy the hdd for less than that and swap it
I had the Original Playstation, loved got the Ps2 loved it then got the Xboxes and never looked back,,
Wow it cost $800 to make and they sold it for $500, what did they make it with gold? lol,, like the  Iphone they cost a fortune to make, why don't they start buying the companies that make the individual parts then make everything in house for next to nothing like the old days....
How did Sony come back from this??? I was watching a video game console sales real time graph and the hack didn't really seem to effect Sony very much. Or at least not enough to override the massive sales of the PS2
Will you do a video about Microsoft’s 3 biggest mistakes?
But Nintendo has done this for years
People hating on Sony for being hacked... They should focus their ire on the hackers. That's like mocking people for having their IDs stolen.
How about 3 Things LJN got right?!?!
The PS five / do you no that (scalpers) is (suddenly) taking (actually) taking all of the PS  five,s inventory / i am not even joking with you / it's (real)
I didn't get the PS3 on launch day but I did get the Xbox 360. At the time, i had no interest in a PS3. I didn't get a PS3 until 2009. The one I got was the 80GB console with 2 free (physical) games. They were Resistance: Fall of Man and Evolution Studios' MotorStorm. I also got Killzone 2 with it.
Sony show poney no one cares about Xbox or Sony dumb specs   learn from the best that's why Nintendo still around  2022 switch is top dog  the king returns came out swinging Ang hitting all the right keys
That ps3 was the shit tho! I loved that console.
DRM Gate should have gotten honorable mention on this list... for PC users it was no joke.
I remember i bought the ps3 and a plasma TV i spent 1,500 and bought Modern warfare 2 then a year later i got the yellow lights of death! And had to send it to Sony and they sent me a ps3 slim smh 🤦🏽‍♂️
Love the outro song
The 2011 PSN hack can’t be considered a mistake because virtually every major company or government agency has been hacked multiple times all around the world. Hacking is simply unavoidable in the online era and sony was just one of the earliest and biggest examples with a very active online community for the time. Those move controllers were so dumb and the fact the PS4 was not backward compatible with PS3 games were bigger mistakes sony actively caused.
Isn't arrogance wonderful?
NEC!
Let see some Atari history plz
Thanks for all the hard work & research on these awesome episodes!
How about three biggest accomplishments?
#4 No backwards compatibility on PS5 pre-PS4
Well, Sony presentation is the lamest presentation I have ever heard, lamer than Apple and Microsoft.
Still don’t have my trust, F Sony and their products
Man i was mad i can play online didn’t give 2 fuck bout no card i was broke call of duty was on my mind
The PS3's price was definitely the main factor in my choice to opt for the Xbox 360 back in '06.....that and their game library wasn't as enticing as the 360's.  Funny enough, people were STILL putting for DVDs 📀  and now even blu-ray has been obsolete for a long time (someone gave me a blu-ray disc for a secret Santa at work a few years ago, and I gave that shit back😅). That was never a selling point for me as I started streaming from Netflix (via the Wii) back in summer of 2010.
One of my old passwords and email are still up on some Russian hacker forum because of Sony...
Keep up the good work...I love the history of video games and always enjoy learning new things about them!!!
would a lack of backward compatability be considered a mistake as well?
Honestly while i think the ps3 launch was terrible, i think in the long run it was a smart move, blu ray won and it became standard
Actual #1 mistake: PS5's design
I'm still curious as to why they used the sam rami spiderman font for the PS3
Please do NEC.
It's OK that that PS3 cost $600 at launch because you saved money by not having any games to buy.
I don't follow the industry closely, but I recall hearing of some PSx hardware using "cell architecture", making it difficult for third-party developers to create games for it, especially those attempting cross-system titles.  The developers weren't familiar with the hardware (or didn't get adequate support), resulting in the Xbox versions always looking better.  Given that the PSx cost more than an XBox, gamers had less incentive to go with that platform.
Any list of Sonys mistakes must start with Beta. ;)
The PS3 was the last console I ever bought before going full PC master race. I keep a small stash of them to keep my main one running. I love it. The DS3 is the best controller I've ever used. I still use it on my pc today. I have never like the Xbox or any newer PS controllers as they are way to large in the hand for me.
The PS3 launch seemed like a disaster at the time, but Sony were playing the long game.  They knew that the PS2 had almost singlehandedly made DVD as a format and ended the reign of VHS.  Sony wanted to do the same with PS3 and Blu-ray, and IT WORKED PERFECTLY.  The fact that the Xbox One came with an internal Blu-ray drive says it all.  By the end of that generation, despite the slow and late start, the PS3 had outsold the Xbox 360, AND Sony were getting a nice juicy cut of every movie release and Blu-ray player sale.  The Xbox team were so awed by the wisdom of this approach, they tried to replicate it with the launch of the Xbox One.  Microsoft successfully predicted the rise of digital game distribution and always-on connectivity, but implemented it in a way that reduced value for gamers, rather than delivering an superior product for the premium price.  And this isn't coming from some Playstation fanboy - I was Team Xbox during both those generations, primarily due to Forza.
I remember when I got my ps3 but I always looked at the xbox 360 as the better console. When psn was down it felt like the longest month
And Sony would be hacked AGAIN  four years later in 2014 You'd think they'd learned their lesson
This channel has the most in depth and interesting original documentaries on youtube.  Really service to society to catalog all this gaming history while a lot of these people involved are still alive and often still working in the industry.
What? In 2012, digital games were the norm? They certainly are in 21, but in 19 they weren't lol. So wtf? I still see tons of people saying they'll never go digital. There's no way in 2012 that most people used digital downloads for their games. Unless they were on PC.
Lol, if you do an Xbox one we all know number 1.
Still remember that dumbass update bricking my ps3
Sony's biggest mistake (for the PS3), for me being in Europe, was their promise (at the launch party, no less, as far as I recall) of a simultaneous release of the console on both sides of the pond, only then to delay the European launch to spring 2007, plus the removal of the backwards compatibility from later models, after literally just figuring out that they could make money out of selling PS1/PS2 games digitally on PSN! Utter betrayal, as far as I'm concerned, on both counts.  The release delay was the final nail in the coffin for the PS3, as far as I was concerned, so I cancelled my pre-order and like Gaming Historian, got an X360 instead, despite having been a very loyal Sony fan, ever since the PS1 and that console being essentially my first console of my 'grown up' age.  The removal of backwards compatibility only corroborated my initial feeling that Sony had not only lost this particular console race but had literally lost the plot altogether!
Sony had 2 big Main hacks psn hack and the interview 2014 hack
Fun little factoid: Phil Harrison was also with Xbox in the disastrous prelaunch of the Xbox One.
So what's the outro music? 🤔🎧🎶
It seems that the more successful a company is, the more intense its mistakes.
I remember the data breach thing. Since I have never cared about online gaming, I was unaffected and unaware of the thing. But one day I woke up with a free PS+ subscription and a couple of free games, it was a good day ☺️
It's nuts how Sony wasn't able to capitalize off the MEGA success of the PlayStation and PS2. I wonder if XBox would still be around if the PS3 launch had been better. X360 is their best selling console and it narrowly got passed by PS3 in the end. But the PS4 dwarfed XB1 sales 2:1.  I think one of XBox's biggest mistakes was forcing the adoption of Kinect with the XB1 launch.  After PS3, lots of people made the shift from Sony to Microsoft. But then right back to Sony after XBox making the extra $100 Kinect add-on mandatory! The HDMI in on the XB1 was a neat concept too... but it came at a time when people were starting to cut the cord. Then there was the whole sharing games fiasco. As bad as the PS3 launch was, the XB1 launch was WAY worse IMO. They got the consumer base to switch over then bungled it hard.
That outro music is smooth as butter. Please use it more.
I remember getting Infamous and Little big planet free from this massive error.
Do the 3(000) Biggest Mistakes by LJN!
Thanks for reminding me why I stuck with PC.
I remember buying my PS3 for Devil May Cry 4 and the eventual release of KH3....I was extremeley optimistic back then. DMC4 is beautiful though and really shows off what the PS3 can do. it still puts a lot of modern games to shame.
Honestly the PSN hack alone can justify someone argument on how Xbox 360 is better then PlayStation 3.
Hey, Gaming Historian. In a future video, you should definitely cover Microsoft's biggest mistakes!
This is an old video so I doubt this comment'll be seen, but one of Sony's worst non-gaming mistakes was using faulty clutches from a camera model in the ERS-210 model Aibo, which released in 2000. However, Sony knew the clutches were faulty when they chose to use them when manufacturing the Aibo.   Because of the faulty hardware, every non-"supercore" (what they called the hardware revision that was released sometime after the initial model) ERS-210 Aibo experiences a complete failure due to faulty clutches in the neck of the robot. Some failed within a year of purchase, while most failed after the 1 year warranty expired.   Over 50,000 original model ERS-210s with faulty hardware were sold (unknown figures on how many of the revised model were sold) at ~$1,500 each -- over $75 million. Since the robots typically broke after the warranty ended, many people had to pay out of pocket to have their Aibo repaired, all due to a known issue with the clutches they used. And because of the proprietary nature of basically everything inside of the Aibos (thanks, Sony!), it was thought impossible for years for the robots to be fixable outside of Sony's repair centers.   (nearly every model of aibo also uses the sony memory sticks)
Really nice vid! What about XBOX, now?
The PSVita is my favorite emulator machine.
Ahahahahaha, oh yeah, the PS3 launch. I was working at Circuit City at the time. That was a shitstorm. Not as bad as the PSP launch, IIRC, but pretty bad.
Sorry Ponies, but the PS3 did 100% lose in sales to the 360 as MS stopped reporting the numbers which means anything past that doesn't matter.
the cut cost on the PS3 alright. by removing Backword compatibily for PS1 and PS2 games. when they release later models of the PS3
You forgot their BIGGEST mistake, entering the gaming industry at all. FUCK SOny GAYstation!!
I wish they'd released the boomerang
8:43 thats a family guy reference
Blaming Sony for the hack. Is blaming the victim of the crime. Ya if a guy was throwing there gold around town u would blame them for it being stolen. But if its stolen from a safe. U don't say "well he should of got a better safe" u blame the fcking thieves for BREAKING THE LAW!!!!
That's cuz the Xbox is for noobs
VIDEO: "Sony's Biggest Mistakes" *shows a PlayStation add*
Sony's biggest mistake: Removing PS plus for free after the launch of the PS4
I wouldn’t say the last one is a mistake. If someone hacked you personally, I wouldn’t say it was your mistake.
The mistake that Sony made with PS3 end up outselling the 360. The only mistake was the lunch.
You missed out another Sony's huge mistake that  costed them a lot: Playstation offices' movement to California and their decision to heavily censore third party company games to the whole world with ridiculous, puritanic rules that they never forced to their own games.
and still ps3 did not finished last.
Microsoft's three biggest mistakes  3. Xbox Live cost 2. Xbox One launch 1. Kinect
Yeah I'm highly disappointed that the fact that the signing keys for the PSP and PS3 (and at some point, the vita) were stored on ALL PS3s, and they were unencrypted wasn't even mentioned on this... THAT was the biggest mistake.  That was the real reason why they sued Geohot, not the jailbreaking (I was following this when it happened, and I was red hot when they forcible removed one the reasons I bought the console).  It's also the reason they removed the 'Other OS' option in the first place.
IT"S NOT CALLED A JAILBREAK!!!! IT'S JUST HACKED OR CRACKED!!! THESE TERMS HAVE EXISTED FOR GENERATIONS! THROW AWAY YOUR GARBAGE HIPSTER APPLE IPHONE TERMS. IT SOUNDS SO DUMB. IT'S A TERM NORMIES WHO DON"T KNOW TECH USE!!!!!
The PSN hack was so annoying. I remember freaking out saying "what kind of fuckin piece of shit pulled this? I hope they get executed" lol
$600?  Chad Warden wipes his ass with $600
I totally forgot about the PSN hack. It's hard to believe that was almost a decade ago
You should do one with Xbox. The red ring of death, the Kinect, and the Xbox one launch.
Can you do SNK? The NEO GEO was insanely expensive! In the UK, £399 console and £59 for each game in 1993!! Jezus!
Sony biggest mistakes was coming to usa I miss the og Sony now there just another Xbox 😢 😪
Do Atari next. I bet we all know what the company's biggest mistake is.
Sony memory cards were $100 omg that alone is why Vita failed 🤔
52
there's a typo on his shirt lol
The KING OF GAMING HISTORY! The best documentaries on the internet about gaming.
The fact that the PS5 still isn’t available more than a year after it’s release should be up there.
I totally forgot about the hacking on PSN. I remember now that almost 4 weeks with the service down was insane. I don't know how the people will react if this happen again. Well, I know ha.
The one thing I don’t understand is how ANY Japanese company is even still in the business of making video game consoles, because Sega, Nintendo and Sony are all guilty of making really stupid decisions like these, and it’s all because their executives have such massive egos and think they know better than their consumers.  Microsoft has already seen the writing on the wall, and they’re transitioning their business to a gaming as a service model, and while they might continue making consoles moving forward, they’re not going to be locked into that model, because they’re going to offer games published by their developers on PCs with their Game Pass Ultimate.  They’ve also got a better track record for security and they figured out how to lock down their hardware better than Sony or Nintendo ever did.  So far nobody has managed to mod or hack the Xbox One to run unsigned code, while I’m pretty sure that there’s a way to hack the PS4.  I’d say that Sony’s biggest mistakes that weren’t mentioned is their stupidity in dumping vast amounts of cash into console exclusives, when Microsoft has deeper pockets and can just buy those developers and fuck them over—which they’re going to do, and those PS5 “exclusives “ are going to be on PC, probably as part of their Game Pass Ultimate, because they still have to honor the existing deals to a certain extent, but that just means a delay for the Xbox version.  The other major mistake Sony made was building hardware like morons, because they’re run by cocky Japanese businessmen that think they know what they’re doing and frankly suck at engineering.  It should come as no surprise that when Sony started designing their architecture to more much more similar to the Xbox, starting with the PS4 and nearly identical for the PS5, is when they started gaining back ground they lost when they failed to see the value of offering a good online multiplayer experience with the PS2 and PS3, while Microsoft had Ethernet built into their consoles from the beginning.  Their hardware problems also created a fucking nightmare for themselves when it rendered them unable to support backwards compatibility, and right now, thanks to a dev mode you can enable on an Xbox, you can install Retro Arch and run all the old PlayStation games (up to the PS3 at least) on an Xbox One or Xbox Series console.  Which I find to be humorous, because Sony has jack shit for the or loyal customers.  The backwards for Xbox games has only improved over the years as they implemented emulation wrappers for games to make them run in virtual machine on newer hardware.  I know that not 100% of the original Xbox titles are supported yet, but all the major titles are and as they roll out playable versions they throw them up on their Game Pass service, making it even more appealing to folks that don’t want to deal with plugging in their old consoles or fiddling around with optical media.  Sony’s decision on their external storage for the PS5 follows the same Japanese method of doing it the wrong way, and dicking their customers, while the new Xbox Series consoles are much easier to get working with cheap external storage.  It looks like there might be ways to get the PS5 to work with other storage decides eventually, but it’s just another stupid, anti-consumer tactic by Sony, and there’s a reason their company went from being one of the top companies in the consumer electronics space, with their TVs, Stereos and Home Theater equipment to not even being in the top 3 as far as I can tell.  I’m not sure who the 3rd biggest player is, because it’s probably some Chinese company that sells their stuff at Walmart for rock bottom prices—but the top two are Samsung and LG, and I think at this point Sony is basically just living off of their catalog of music and movies, and whatever amount they’re making on consoles.  Microsoft on the other hand doesn’t really even need their games division to succeed at this point, because they’re so profitable in other areas, and they’re pretty much doing it because they’re not losing money at it and they don’t like to lose or give up.  Again, they’ve kinda stopped going as hard after console exclusives in order to buy up more developers to profit directly from the sales, whether or not those games are purchased for their hardware or not, but they’re also going to keep making bank off of their subscription service, because offering gamers a chance to play a ton of games they were never going to buy in the first place for a monthly subscription is inherently way more profitable for them in the long run.  I could go on for days about how trash Sony was in this business, because the PSX (or PS1) was such a poorly designed mess, with their wobbly graphics and garbage tank controls that they continued using well into the life of the PS2, which Microsoft never had on their consoles, unless they were games ported from one of Sony’s consoles.  I’m sure that they’re going to figure out they fucked up eventually, but not before Microsoft has their video games as a service platform working like a well oiled machine, and then they’re going to be stuck playing catch up—as if they even could, because they don’t have the server infrastructure that Microsoft does, to run a platform like their Game Pass or their streaming service that they’re slowly rolling out.  Google hopped in and out of the game streaming space pretty damn quickly, but Microsoft is taking a slow and steady approach, and they’re not pushing it, because they’re still working out the kinks, but over time it’s eventually going to be pretty amazing as the technology develops, and I think they’re gonna pull ahead of everyone on that, except for maybe Valve—the game streaming via Steam is pretty impressive.  I haven’t tried shooters, but games that don’t depend on reflexes are extremely playable when streaming from my home PC to a computer on a garbage connection that got less than 5 Mbps down, and less than 1 Mbps up.  Granted my home PC is a gaming beast and I’ve got a fiber connection to my home, that gets 1Gbps down and up, so as long as the connection on the host side is  good, streaming it to other devices is really good.  Which to me is a proof of concept that will only improve over time.
The PlayStation network is still sluggish to this day.
Who brought this STRAIGHT FUNK to my Gaming Historian?! 🥸
I found my old PSP last week and went and got a few games at Game Exchange, and I forgot just how fun and good the PSP was. I picked up copies of Ratchet & Clank size matters. God of War chains of Olympus. Need for Speed Carbon. And I still had Jak & Daxter and Crash Bandicoot warped saved on my memory stick.  Im going to go back and get Tony Hawks Underground 2 remix, GTA. Daxter, and something else. I recommend getting one today in 2021, the games I just listed are mostly available and for cheap.
There's a new mistake Sony made. That's turning their backs on the PlayStation 4. The system recovered the loses from the PS3 and has been one of the best and since the newest generation is released, the PlayStation 5, Sony doesn't take the PS4 seriously.
I wonder how bad in the long term Sony's currently ongoing mistake will be. Their movement of their HQ to California and with it the subsequent alienation of Japanese developers, censorship of their games and general anti-consumer practices.
PS3 4 and 5
This wouldn't be the last time Sony suffered a company-threatening hack.
The Ylod was a big fuck up it was expensive and it broke down easy
Atari
im a big fan of all the playstations, ive owned the first two and the 4, but man they are annoyingly anti consumer as hell. like, all corporations are, at the end of the day, but even nintendo and microsoft aren't quite as annoying or egregious about it well, maybe nintendo lol
150 000 000 to add litle motor in it
I had another hack on my PS3 a few years back (maybe 5 or so?) that would pop up a PS3 theme matching GUI interface and tell me that I couldn't access the playstation network. It was very clever, and would ask you to re-enter your password several times. Wasn't a few days after that, I lost access to my account. I had to call sony and tell them someone hacked my account. I when I told them about my experience, they denied knowing about it. (of course) Just like in 2011 when they stole my CC info and bought TV's at a walmart with it. Sony said that was also a "coincidence". Luckily for me, I learned from the first attack and they had nothing to gain on the second.
The hack at Playstation happened 11 YEARS AGO. Holy shit.
For me one of the worst mistakes sony have made is not allowing users to change their user region in the Playstation Network.
You missed Sony’s most obvious fumble.. they literally forced the vita into a dedicated hand held for RPG type games only.. could you imagine if it was literally a specific console just for sports or driving games only?
It's all about Mr.Kutaragi. He is the founder of PS in Sony. He brought huge market to Sony and helped Sony financial situation but he ruined Sony and eventually He left Sony.
If you ask me, Sony's biggest mistake was the decision to shut down Japanstudio.
Psvita was in a wrong era
I bought xbox over PS3 I had flashing 3 lights wish it was a ps3
How is the PSN hack Sony’s fault or even their mistake? The hack itself was an external attack and not that the fault. I watched your entire point to try and understand… and nope… just a flawed ignorant point.
Forget Sony. How the F did Nokia and Sega lose market power to newbies? Those CEOs who didn't see Samsung and Apple or Sony PS and Xbox coming should be sued for negligence.
Didn’t even talk about the lawsuit that was formed from the people I still have the original email about the lawsuit for my compensation for the attack
4: PS5 Launch
Hye, what is rumble?
I think if Sony released an updated psp go I think it would be more of a success maybe let it allow you to stream your ps game collection ect like Xbox is doing with game pass I think the go was way to ahead of its time
How did I not know there was something called the PSP Go!?
I bought the ps3 during the shutdown but didn't get squat since you needed to own it before it happened.
The only thing i don't agree is how you deemed Sony including a BluRay was a mistake. That actually one of the reason PS3 won the console war in the end.
To this day I still balk at psp/vita memory card prices. I could buy a new physical game with the prices it's selling at
Oh gameing 📗  (Activision) 🏢 (company) did you no that (Activision) was taken to Cort 🏛️ and they had a walk out on the 29 day of the month of August and they was sud for sexual a rass mat and racer sure profileing and copy right and standatre Reape
Sony’s biggest mistake was allowing the SOCOM franchise to be turned into a Modern Warfare 2 clone. Right now SOCOM 9 or 10 should be getting released. Instead the franchise is dead. Another huge mistake is not allowing keyboards mice and non Sony Bluetooth headsets
I bought a secondhand PS3 Super Slim for 100 USD at the end of PS3's lifespan, and the best AAA games by then were in the 9.99-19.99 price range. And vibration was also back by then. It pays to wait and it also sometimes pays to buy secondhand.
1.25 SPEED is much needed
Keep in mind that back for the PS3, PSN was free and you didn’t need to pay just to play online. So while it was really inferior to Xbox Live, you didn’t have to pay for it. Sony used the Xbox One launch misstep and it’s own great PS4 reveal to bury the new idea of PSN needing a sub for PS4. Sure it wasn’t a secret and was announced but PR wise there wasn’t a backlash cos the Xbox One once every 24 hour DRM, no used games, TVTVTV and $500 price point was just THAT bad (before they u-turned on the first two pre-release).  Mind you, arguably not worth getting hacked over.
The PSN hack. "Mistake" kinda under sells it. The sheer depth of their hubris, stupidity, laziness, arrogance,   apathy, and just this pervasive attitude of the company over the consumer, deserves a much richer description of its actual malevolence, to cement in the mind the absolutely selfish motives behind their actions. Sony wasn't called to account where it matters most, to them, to anyone, and that is in the court of public opinion. No they flashed some cash, bought EVO, released the 5, and for some reason we aren't still punishing them for what happened barely 3 years ago. PC gamers will punish companies for LITERAL YEARS for trying to sneak some bullshit passed them into their games, console bois should do likewise. Hit em hard in the pocket, they'll listen to us!
Poland's biggest mistake was getting attacked by Germany.... Does the analogy work?
What's really funny is I'm on a Sony phone listening to this video. Using Sony headphones,  I own a PS4 and desperately want a PS5. But don't want to support scalpers.
Sega, Nintendo, & now Sony. It only seems appropriate that the next video covers Microsoft's biggest mistakes.
Nerd Squad 👊😑
Now Sony is the winner with over 10 million PS5's sold
you should go with my mistakes next
u say like switch didnt use proprietary card ?
that bloody xperia game phone,, i had one it was bloody terrible,, i remember my friend having a samsung s2 at the time and being so jealous that he didnt have to swap apps in and out due to internal storage space... only game i ever played on it was crash bandicoot that was included in the phone. absolute rubbish even for then. i dont know why but i stuck with sony phones after that,, i moved to the xperia z1 which was a massive improvement by sony. MASSIVE..all it did though was brought them up to par with samsung,,
Ps  Vita memory card price ☹️ 32 gb memory card was like 60 bucks but a 32 gb memory card for the 3ds was 15 dollars
The biggest mistake is not focusing on WARHAWK!!!
What did happen to NEC??? Were they in the gaming industry??? They were big in PCs and laptops, like Toshiba was
PS3 was not a mistake.
I'd love to hear your take on Microsoft's 3 (or more) biggest mistakes
I think the real problem, Third-party game development. I'm sure they caved into the money but, money doesn't produce good games. Still though,  I just remember the classics and most of my gaming experience coming from boot leg piracy avenues. I wasn't rich enough to ask my parents money for that My older brother had to hack alot of stuff
9:35 That is the first time I’ve ever seen that ad. Seriously the stuff of nightmares.
Is this a video about SONYS biggest mistakes, or just the mistakes of their subdivision, Playstation... doesn't sound like you took everything into account
The 4th mistake is that the games are very expensive. I would rather buy a pc and purchase games or steam or play a pirated ones. And for the exclusives, I'd rather watch the gameplay on Youtube. Or, am I just so cheap???
Glad I went back to PC during the ps3 era!
No offense BRO….. but the whole take on the video though noble did not really reflect Sonys failure. The reason …….. MARKETING. And let us all be honest, in hindsight NOBODY gives a shit on all this since the consumer dictated the overall success of the PS3. Even today as we can note the PS5 shortage and how supposedly the majority will boycott the mass release the same people will BUY THE EFFING PROUCT. I know this because Im one of those hypocrites. Unless Sony will go down under just how SEGA did, the story is moot.
In 2021 it is STILL more convenient and faster to buy physical than Digital. Not only is it cheaper but you have to wait less and well you can just get the game. Instead of the hassle digital downloading still is. I don't want wait hours upon hours only for the download to fail because my internet slowed.  In places where internet is fast, reliable and dependable, digital is appealing, but without that, digital has failed before it has a chance to prove itself.
Sony's biggest mistake was not going into household domestic products such as washer, dryer and refrigerator.  But just about everything in the best home entertainment electronics were from sony.  I blame the iPhone for Sony downfall because it literally replaced everything that Sony was selling on one iPhone.
at least sony learned and listened to consumers by choosing more broadly used storage upgrades for ps5, instead of coming up with their own storage upgrades.
That deputy commissioner is the most British looking person I've ever seen.
Sony destroyed the vita. Cause of there greed. I got rid of my vita. I wished you could download apps like cod mobile and battlefield mobile
Were any of Sony's proprietary memory storage any better than the SD card?
"Just Imagine buying a $249 handheld console along a100$ memory card"  Me: i dont have to....my dumbass did it
While I do agree the PS3 was a mistake at the beginning, there's no denying it lay the foundation for current consoles. People tend to forget the 360 launched without wifi or dvd reader, a cheap disc drive that couldn't hold the disc in proper place, red ring of death, etc. Sony's console was way more expensive but came with all the bells and whistles that will be the standard of the industry a few years later.
Sony is trash. Hey everybody let's make a game system with moving media and proprietary memory so that hopefully people will buy movies on it instead. Trash. Hey how about not gas lighting people you narcissists at sony.
Sony just didnt mess up the PSP.  They mess up overall for everything.  Phones, mp3 players, computers, all electronics all got beat.  Apple most ate all of their market shares.  Only thing Sony is know for now is the PS and TV.  Nothing else.
And now PS5 coming with less memory then the PS4 Pro and a 4TB of external PS5 memory cost the prise of the PS5 itself. No.   Also their controllers often giving stick drift after several hundred hours of play and one such cost super much.
Where is the Xbox/Microsoft one?
That is why people should play for OnLine Play.
Sony and the word “mistake” are synonymous! From audio to cameras to tv to phones to games to gaming devices to what not?
I had bought the video bc they initially touted remote play and I thought it would have the kind of library that the PSP had. PSP is one of my favorite handhelds. I still play it.
Yeah the problem is 1. D 2. L 3. C
I would of loved to try the Infamous Banana Controller Sony spent years on making an updated controller which not only would of fit the hands perfectly but was rumored to have haptic feedback but Sony had to Shelve the idea, when people were making to much Fun of the Controller so instead of letting the controllers role out with the console and letting people find out how great they really where and how far ahead of its time…it took a whole 2 Console Generations For Sony to rerelease and Role-out their “new” next Gen-Controller with a few changes to the looks and does what the Banana controller did 2 Generations ago and more what makes me mad is we missed out on this Tech because Americans didn’t like the way a controller looked, imagine how far this set us back in tech and game immersion, Amazing what could of been if Sony would had released the Banana Controller with the PS-3 (Butterfly effect anyone?) and gave the option to Purchase the other controller…and Sony was onto something if you can’t improve a system what can you do to improve gameplay or the Experience of Gameplay and Sony always thinking outta the box lead them to the Controller idea of feel and texture being added to the game, which if you think about it is Light Years away from any other Systems tech updates so far that I’m Now not only updating my PS5 System But I’m Also Updating my Controller too, which is Crazy and the fact that this is only the beginning and knowing Sony’s Systems Get Stronger over time not weaker, I can’t wait to see what the New controller and the rest of the PS5 has in-store for us in a couple years when they’re hitting their peak….if you think a Controller doesn’t make a difference in how you Experience a game I beg you to just try the Astro-bot game When you See a PS5 Test play Display (btw it’s free with the PS5) and then tell me this isn’t the next big leap in Gaming and is the next Hex-Box Killer with Sony Staying 1 step ahead of the competition as usual the only thing is this 1 step is light-years in one step almost exactly how Blue-Ray was when it first came out for PS3 dominating everything in its path and making all the competitors have to buy Sony’s new Blue-Ray disc Technology because like the Controller it was light years ahead of the Competition and like the Blue-ray competitors will have to play Catch-up with Sony’s New Controller tech that brings a whole new meaning and era into gaming Literally changing the Face of gaming and if Competitors don’t want to budge they’ll be left in the dust….How many Systems did X-box have to make last Gen just to keep up with the 1 and only PS-4 then six years later the PS-Pro came out and shut down any hope for Hex-box ever making a dent in sales for that generation of consoles…now I will give respect where it’s do, and I love what Hex-box did with the S and X the X is your goto for new Next-Gen Gaming and the S which Has a Dev kit in it which means you can not only import emulators but you can make your own Home-brewed games ect…and this is an Amazing Game Changer for Hex-box and is already bringing back people and Trust to the Hexed-box which has only gotten worse every Generation Starting with the Amazing Original heX-Box, then thinking they Peaked with X-box 360 till it took 4-6 disc to play one game and it just gets worse from their…I think the Console S was was made for people who like to make their own games play nostalgic games at the best frame rate and graphics they can be played at and for its price I think it’ll be an underground hit and like most things will only truly be appreciated once it’s gone/past it’s prime….if you read all of this thank you, I hope you found it informative, please leave a comment on what you thought about what I said…-Jim-E-Jam
Why would you pass up the ps3 for the 360 when the ps3 had so many better exclusive titles
I sold my x360 for a ps3 immediately after seeing the baby ad. you could just tell how incredible at gaming it was.
Please do NEC?
I remember going to purchase a Vita shortly after it's release and seeing the price of the Vita memory cards. Didn't end up buying one.
Playstation: We had 100M users private info stolen and waited a week to inform users.  Equifax: Hold my users private data
I think Sonys stance on retro games is a massive mistake restricting any potetnial success a psnow or game subscription program they could have
I truly believe this will be Sony’s last console
Sony's lack of transparency is still a huge problem and PS3's cell processor is another big mistake.
They still having this proprietary memory issue! I have to use CF express type a memory for my a1 for use with all their high end features and they are the k my ones who make them.
AND your biggest mistake will be not accepting jesus christ, as personal lord and savior. Do so today and never have this regret!
You should try to  make more new videos frequently so I do not have to listen your older videos over and over again in the background when im bussy, I dont mind it, but new content is always nice :)
Omega Boost.   A man of culture, I see.
I bought a PSP when it came out and payed £99 for a memory card. Loved that little handheld.
You missed backward compatibility! It’s such a big loss! It is important to remember old games instead making shiniest thing.
Soyny's biggest mistake was going full woketard PCSJW and pushing for censorship.
I was one of the people whose accounts was hacked. A hacker using a russian ip address logged into my account at 1am local time. Changed my email, password and spent £140 using my paypal. Sony refused to refund my money as did paypal. In the end I took Sony to the small claims court in the UK and won finally getting my money back.   Lost a lot of respect for Sony after that one.
There are holes in my belts! Who put these holes in my belts?!
Add PS5 to that list.
This was a fantastic watch :)  At the time, my main issue with "taking a stand against Sony" for the data breach and all their carelessness was that bad company 2 had a hold of my soul lol.
Sony used some form of proprietary memory card for 4 out of the 7 important playstation products. Only for the ps3, ps4 and ps5 you don't have to buy memory cards to be able to save your game. So for the psp you could argue that this still was the norm for playstation consoles at its launch in 2004. And the ps1 and ps2 proved to be mega successful so I would forgive Sony for implementing this one more time. But there should be no excuse why they did this with the vita, a 2011 console...
Your vids are perfectly done. Thank you 😀
"Can't walk and chew bubblegum at the same time" like Peter Griffin 😂
I think you have missed the 60£ a pop PS 4 controllers that are sooo badly designed and prone to fault that it costs more to keep a stock of working controllers, than to buy the console and keep a library of games!!!!!! I have a PS4 but have used in a year because replacing the terrible quality controllers is prohibitively expensive!
Vita didnt really have any good and engaging games. Good potential no real follow through
Had goosebumps throughout the entire #1 section...
I remember the hack back In 2011  It was during spring break at my school which sucked for the 2 people in my class that had a ps3.
Two more sony biggest mistakes  ▪Moving thier HQ to California ▪Double censorship standard towards Japan.
I remember the launch back then I was working at best buy , what is weird is that we were moving way more ps3 than xbox  I personally went for ps over xbox because online playing was free and xbox was charging
It's funny back in 2009 I got a wii instead getting the PS3 because I'm not spending $500 on a gaming console where I'll have no money left over for games then they kill the hope when they remove the backwards capability options for the new models so that was another mistake on their.  When I got the wii it had the GameCube backwards capability option, the big list of virtual console games, the optional controllers for easier gameplay with certain virtual console games, cheap 32GB SD cards, and the option link to your DS games to add certain things to the wii like move your character Animal Crossing Wild World instead of wasting your time making up a new character as well having the forecast and news channels which did have flaws like covering the weather in specific locations that was miles away from where I'm living at.
Yeah, I remember the hacking incident. Luckily, I did not give out my credit card information. Reason why I always buy stuff online with prepaid credit card, you never know... But regardless, I'm still a PlayStation fan followed by Nintendo.
23 days? felt like 3 months
I'm not sure the PS3 is the biggest mistake. At the end of the day, Xbox 360 and PS3 sold about the same. Even after all that craziness in the beginning with the PS3 it turned out the sales were pretty close. One of the biggest mistakes Microsoft had was not having enough exclusives and let sony back in the race
Funny thinking that ps5 has rumble that can break the controller
The blu ray drive in the ps3 actually became a strong point later on, and the price was higher because of the cell architecture more so than the blu ray drive
Really great video, I remember the hack, crazy times
Ohhhh the 2011 ps network attack, that was the reason I moved to PC, never looked back, and now with the steam deck, my life is complete
The vita lives on ✊✊
The Vita was almost the perfect successor to the PSP, but a few choice ideas and the rise of mobile gaming killed it's ability to be a better PSP. It didn't need touch sensors on the back, didn't need a camera and should've used normal SD cards. If Sony had focused on making a serious handheld it would've succeeded. Mobile games just aren't made to the same quality that DS and PSP games were.
I remember watching this dude when I was 11. Good to see he is still making quality content good job!
Funny how sony makes the same mistakes with PS5 (launch that is)
Another issue with the PS3 that still affects Sony today.. A vastly different chipset, making backwards compatibility to it a near impossibility. If they had not done that, we could be upscaling our PS1, 2, even 3 discs on our PS4's and 5's.
Love your videos. Do SNK next 🤩🕹️
I feel like you're intentionally neglecting to mention that Playstation Network was free while you were paying for XBox Live. That's a very disingenuous omission.
The PS3 wasn't expensive.  It was also a blu ray player.
Please do NEC because I no about Atari and Microsoft but not NEC
And yet NOBODY is going to mention the PSP Go??  The words EPIC and FAIL seem to be very adequate for this handheld.  And it is EASILY one of the Top 3 biggest mistakes SONY has ever made!
The greatest problem with PS3 that made me skip that generation and i believe many did as well is the fact that there wasnt a huge increase in graphics performance like it happened from earlier generations. Only the PS4 made it looks good enough to warrant a purchase from me.
So here's the giant enemy crab.
I fucking hate rumble. Things that shake are breaking apart.
The vita has 1 gb of internal storage only pch-2000 model though.
14:45 : It's Hiroshima all over again: Drop a nuclear hacking and the radiations continues, hacking more features owned by Sony.
These definitely are big mistakes, but Sony's lack of brand loyalty and fly by night way if business should definitely have made the list.  The selling of Crash/Spyro which should have been mainstays akin to Nintendo's Mario.  The lack of support good ideas like Twisted Metal and Sony All Stars Battle Royal get, and instead were thrown in the bin instead of being improved upon because they didn't make billions in the first try.
“Based on Japanese history” “So here’s this giant crab” 😂😂
Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes is a video I would watch
I think the ps5 launch should be the new number 1 I mean they told their customers we will give you all a chance to get one and then they turned their backs on them. Lol
Also, the PS2 was complete garbage compared to the OG   Xbox at every single spec and feature.
Sony actually started proprietary memory with the PS1, if you're talking video game consoles.
I remember the PSN Hack I Ironically got the PS3 just Months before the Hack happened and I remember the Network going down and little did I realize it was Terrible People's Credits Cards, User Information, and alot of things was happening to Users on the Network thankfully my Information was still ok since I didn't have to much on my Account at the Time since I just started with the PS3! but man the PSN Hack must of Costed Sony alot of Money!
Number 1. was not the mistake is was the result of the mistake.
Please do Microsoft
Sony may have beat the Xbox 360 sale wise and made some great games for the PS3 but they lost so much credibility and money during that generation  Oof
I remember a time where Norman gave up YouTube as there was just not enough hours in a day... To see where he is now. What a story. What a moment in YouTube Gaming History.... Maybe do an episode on the History of The Gaming Historian!? Mind Blown
3) oh, boy. That memory card triggered me so badly. For those who don't know, Amazon usually sold 32gb for less than $100. The cheapest that I could possibly buy was $50, and it "shipped and sold by Amazon". I shit you not. And THEN, the memory card was defective, causing every single of my save file GONE in a minute. And that's the last time I ever touch my Vita (and no, Vita is a good console, I just hate how much Sony abandon this one as if it's a failure in their eyes, while it's 100% their fault). To make matter worse, so many games released on Vita were digital only. The same goes to PSP games. All were digital only and you have to buy it (RIP PSP UMD owners!). At least I play Phantasy Star Online 2 with the cartridge instead of making JP account just to access to Japanese PS Store. I couldn't imagine the need of buying 128gb memory card for just 1 game.  2) Thank the lord I dodged the bullet about ps3's fiasco because my neighbor gave me PS3. However, ever since PS3, Sony sure didn't make any good console launch since. PS4 was so underwhelming, PS5 is a huge scalper fest.  1) Thank you for making clear about this colossal fuckup. Even though I wasn't a victim, I did hear of it, and I didn't know it was that bad.
Sony called the PS3 "the unhackable console," which we know now was not true, as they STILL have one of the best Homebrew communities...but at the time of launch, the security was very good on the console itself. I think someone was like "well if I can't hack the console, I'll hack the network."
Ill never go back to Sony after that PSN hack back in the day.  I was so pissed when it happened.
I had a psp as a kid and the memory card thing was the reason I stopped using it and didn’t get the vita, I loved the psp, truly, love the design, love the games, just love the system in general, but the memory card thing is such a fatal flaw that I stopped using the product. I could barely bring myself to pay for Xbox live as a kid and you’re expecting me to spend money on an memory card when I could just take that same money and get a game for Xbox 360, it’s ridiculous.
*storage
The miniatures didn't make the 1000's of PlayStation titles. They may have made a Dozen. People won't pay you in gold and will only give you paper Currency. So I don't think they invested much time into it. I think they did make a Dozen Unreal titles. The Likes of EA and Activision.
It wasn't Sony but XBox that made the Mistake. XBox was 2.4X better. XBox 733 MHz Vs 300 MHz PlayStation 2. Bacon told us they could program. Microsoft, Accenture, Hewlet Packard, Oracle Sun Microsystems, Capgemini e.t.c. They can't program. So the Giants out there used Unreal instead of telling us. The 'Sith' crippled Unreal on XBox so Sony won the Gameing Industry. Not to Worry. We Know how to make, Four GPU and Ten GPU (1.5 GHz silicone, $10 a core), NVidea NextGen Game Systems. The Giants out there will use our Unreal Software to Convert the 1000's of PlayStation titles.
"The network was down for a week when Portal 2 came out and people could not play together online." Ohhhh NOOOOOOoooOoOoOoOo😱  🙄
Funny that they were all in the ps3 area
Sony's 4th biggest mistake: The PlayStation classic
Am i the only one that thinks the "rumble" function in any controller is outdated and silly? nothing worst than a controller vibrating and making noises on top of a table.
Next time will be Xbox, my guess is the Xbox One Kinect, the Xbox 360 manufacturer issues, and maybe the prelaunch of the Xbox One.
These three are probably the big ones. In fact, notice how 2 out of 3 related to the PS3, like how the Sega video was the Saturn for 2 segments.
Welp, YouTube didn't show me this until now. Stomach's killing me so no better time to enjoy a sweet, new to me, video.
While OtherOS was available I did an optimization study on the Cell. I wrote a vector modulus algorithm to find prime numbers. I turned it in for a special issue for the Cell BE. Really enjoyed doing it.
Phil Harrison should of been number four for Sony
3 times, I had my credit card stolen 3 times from Sony. I only use prepaid cards now.
3:03 Sony learned a lesson that you can only pull this off if you are Apple.
The damn Cell Processor in the Ps3
the ps store is still slow to browse.
...We need 3 more big mistakes for Sony. The threathening removal of online game shops from PS3, PSP, Vita and Ps4, The CMOS battery incident.... and pick a 3rd.
Sony and the PS3 beat Wii and XBox in the end
How’s Sony get past this....
I loved that game show on Xbox live
I loved the vita, but man, they ditch that hardware so fast.
Best choice was working with sega and the sega cd to get their feet wet. Worst choice to try to negotiate deals with Nintendo
I remember that PSN hack. I also remember getting the welcome back package and downloaded inFAMOUS 2.
I was not aware that this happened and I thought of myself as pretty informed  Thanks great program
4 ps5 no backwards compatiblites with all ps consoles.
Only 3?
It's interesting these mistakes mostly happened with the PlayStation Portable, 3, and Vita.
THE DREADED PS VITA STORAGE CARDS
I'd say you nailed the 1st and 3rd mistakes, spot on.  The 2nd one though I'd say in hindsight, is absolutely wrong.  I'd call the launch of the PS3 a complete success, as the inclusion of the Blu-Ray drive ended up being an excellent decision for them in the long term.    Sure, it hurt them somewhat starting out, but a console's lifespan consists of many years.  It's a marathon, not a sprint.  Just as the PS2 helped make DVD successful, so did the PS3 for Blu-Ray.  If you don't call the PS2 launch a mistake then I don't see how you can call the PS3 one either.
You have to remember though that this was Sony's very first time offering an online experience with a home console, and it got much, MUCH better over time.  Naturally it wasn't going to be that great at launch.  Can't really judge it for that.
Hell, Sony did the EXACT same thing with the PS2, as DVD was fairly new at the time as well!  And it ended up being a brilliant move.  DVD went on to become the dominant format.  And Blu-Ray also very much became the next gen format as well.  Blu-Ray would not be what it is today without the launch of the PS3.  I'd say it was anything but a mistake.
Hell, those in the tech world knew how big Blu-Ray was going to be, and we all knew that the $600 price tag was actually quite a good deal at the time.  You were definitely getting your moneys worth with a PS3 at the time, even if some of the less knowledgeable public didn't know this.  If you chalk this up to Sony not knowing their consumer base, what would you have them do, use DVD's in the PS3?    This of course would have given us a much cheaper system, but Blu-Ray would not be the success it is today without the launch of the PS3.  I would say in the end this ended up being a BIG win for them, so I really can't see this as a mistake as it most definitely was not.  Most of these mistakes are seen as so based on hindsight, and hindsight shows that it was anything but a mistake.
I'd say the proprietary memory cards may have been one of THE biggest mistakes for the PS Vita, and was probably a BIG reason why it failed.  I can only imagine how many more digital downloads they would have sold had they either used MicroSD cards or had their own memory cards been priced to compete with MicroSD cards.  What a HUGE misstep from Sony that was!
Oh god yes... Those damned proprietary memory types!  God I hated those!  Hope if Sony ever gets back into the portable market that they learn from this mistake!
the hacker team behind the sony hack was lizard squad
What about the playstation TV?
If motion control is what you want to have? Nintendo wii is where you wanna be. Which is only good for shooting games. Resident evil 4 or the godfather. Best ports imo
Honestly, it sounds like the Sony hack is interesting enough and there's enough meat on the bone for an episode specifically about it.
CMOS battery
PS TRIPLE!!!!
The irony with the whole memory stick thing is that in the later years, once the MicroSD to memory stick adapters were cheap, it was almost PREFERABLE since you could use two older smaller cheaper cards (EG 32GB+32GB).
I recall another selling point of PS3: The Kingdom Hearts 3 demo, that never came. I don't even know if it came out for the PS4.
The PS3 decision ultimately was the better one. The console lasted longer and supported longer, had arguably the better games, beat the 360 in lifetime sales and steered the market direction to Blu-Ray.
Um....imma go to ma profile in ma ps4 and remove the card info 😓
Well Sony made computers in Japan in the 80s
The SD2Vita adapter makes the Vita much more usable
Recent Sony mistake: trying to shutdown the digital store front for PS3 and Vita. It was even harder for vita as almost all games for it are digital.
So, now we just witness very well between Nintendo & Sony. Nintendo is mostly good at making handheld devices, while Sony is mostly good at making home consoles.
I worked at EB Games in Australia for both the ps4 and the ps5 launch and I remember people complaining so much about the price of the consoles and I had to tell them hey, at least it wasn't launching for $999AUD like the ps3 did
The reason why Anonymous DDoSed Sony, is because the court allowed Sony to hand over IP addresses from people who visited GeoHot's YT channel and his social pages.
Well technically the ps vita has 1 gigabyte of internal storage
I had not seen this ep yet because I misread it and thought it said Sega’s 3 biggest mistakes. It came up in my feed to watch and I am glad I did. Great job as always.
Also, could you please talk about the 3 biggest mistakes made by Atari (like you said), Microsoft (also like you said), SNK (company that isn't as big as Nintendo or Sega but was still popular in the 90s, inspired Smash Bros, and was even popular enough to put one of their reps in Smash Bros), Capcom, Namco, Bethesda (yes, the company who makes both Fallout and Doom), Konami, Natsume (the company who makes the Harvest Moon series), and Atlus (the company who makes the Persona series with Sega, and who also helped Sega put Joker from Persona 5 in Smash)?! Lastly, who is NEC? I've never once heard of them. I'd like to hear their biggest mistakes as well since you mentioned them, as well as Activision (the company who makes both Crash and Spyro), Naughty Dog (the company who made the old Crash and Spyro as well as Uncharted), and Blizzard Entertainment (the company who makes Call of Duty, Diablo, and the 2nd popular franchise made by them, Overwatch).
Dang I did not know at all that Sony had extremely bad security at all. If they didn't fix their security issues, then they could've went out of business for life because that's serious business man. For that reason, I am so glad that I grew up with Nintendo and Sega consoles more than I did Sony consoles because I am just now getting into the Sony (and also more of Sega's consoles) and now that I just watched this video, maybe I won't play any of Sony's consoles because much like when consumers got their credit card stolen on the PS3, the same thing might again happen for both the PS4 and 5. Yes Sony recovered themselves from the lack of security on the PS3 but it took a very long time and it probably wasn't easy at all. If their consumers get their credit cards hacked again with the PS4 and 5 online, then Sony might go out of business forever. Especially since technology is getting more and more advanced, different, high tech, potentially dangerous, you name it and bad guys could be all over the place on the Internet doing bad things to you and either you might never notice it, or your bank might never notice it, only the thief will notice it. This could be potentially for both your bank, you, and most of all, Sony, because they're the ones who created these consoles for us. Although maybe I'll buy both a PS1 and 2 some day and play some games on some of those consoles who knows exactly.
I was thinking that the ability to mod the P1 would be in the video, but I guess that wasn't necessarily a mistake on Sony's part
I remember this period of time. I had no idea why anyone bought a PS3 that first year. Everything about it seemed so bad, bland, and expensive. What exclusives they had just wasn't what I was into either. The 360 was Microsoft just hitting it out of the park.
Sony should have made the cards cheaper
I'm curious why just ditching the OtherOS feature leads into a far more bigger mess?
Walking in Tokyo by Kenston Wright is the outro song in case anyone is wondering. (Thanks Siri)
From who is that 1st beat (track) in the beginning of the video? P.S. Great video - as always!
One of Sony's lesser mistakes abandoning hardware due to not selling well because of one of their bigger mistakes.  I've lost all trust in Sony when it comes to handheld gaming devices. Also Sony let other companies make the memory sticks, which allowed the prices to stay low.  It wasn't until the Vita that they really bungled up the memory issues by bringing all the production in house.
The vita was so good if memory would of been better and some better games to come out fast they would of been up there with Nintendo on handhelds if Sony or Xbox would put out a handheld I’d get one
That's why I'm happy with my choice to stay with XBOX. I had a PS3 for a short while and it was fun for exclusive titles but not enough to warrant keeping it.
luv your channel keep on keeping on the excellent work
I bought the basic Xbox 360 memory card and call duty 2 add an extra controller $800 Opening day
Well, after the PS3 total failure, we got the great PS4. So, something good came out of something horrible
Xbox 360 sucked ps3 was a better system
Eye toy play
Playstation vita tv
Pac-man essentially can't spell? lol
please tell me about genji cause i dont know what happen, i went to the nintendo wii and the gaming historian says "we know about that" but what he means?
No crash and spyro on ps classic lol that was a doozy
The day of the PSN hack was the day I bought my first Xbox. I wanted nothing to do with Xbox before then. After logging in to Xbox Live for the first time, I realized that it was a better network that was more user friendly.   Now, I didnt get rid of my PS and I have bought each one since because Sony does have better exclusives but, Xbox definitely has some things over Sony and I would never had discovered that without the PSN hack.   For that reason, I think the PSN hack was done by Microsoft
the ps3 launch is what motivated me to build a new computer for gaming  700 bucks back then was a lot of PC
*DJ Khaled voice* Another one.
Number Four: Shutting down the PSN store for PS3, Vita, and PSP; taking tons of digital-only games off the market. (Also, dropping their support for backwards compatibility).
Just to correct the historical record, as an "Ambassador" 3DS owner, the Nintendo 3DS cost $250 at the time. (Sony initially tried to sell the Vita by announcing it was the same price; of course ignoring the expensive proprietary memory cards). It took the massive 3DS price cut a few months later to salvage the system.
Great video Man! Keep going! Didn’t know that the ps3 was such a mess!
Ohh xbox owners were laughing there asses off when they saw that psn got backed twice
Psp go even used a different memory card than the regular psp. No sd card adapters available
Lol now one is ps5 not enough units!
Have a discussion of the scalping incident that just happened recently.
Got me scared now sony gots all my info
"It's funny how forcing people to use proprietary memory card to combat piracy and hacking... leads to piracy and hacking" Words of wisdom
PS3 still holds up
I love my psp
What are Microsoft's 3 Biggest Mistakes?
Anonymous did more to help the ps3 homebrew community than they did for the african american community.
Memory Cards aren't memory but storage.
Darn those gackers got away of everything
how about the fact the console was backwards compatible to ps2 games and that was taken from the system pretty quickly
next(biggest mistakes) one is Microsoft or Atari
You should do Microsoft’s three biggest mistakes.
SONY's biggest mistake was moving to California.
Next up Microsoft.  Oh good Xbone is probably gonna show up as well as the Red Ring of Death.
Its funny that here in Brazil Xbox 360 absolutely crushed the PS3 in sales because of the pirate games market that allowed many many people  who couldnt afford official games to buy stuff. The PS3 ended up as a somewhat elite product because of the high price of its games.
I'm so glad Sony lost the memory war. I totally forgot how much they used their own formats to extract more cash. Even worse, their proprietary formats were often underperformers compared to the standard SD's. I think this channel does the best documentaries I've seen so far on this platform. Norm is confident and speaks clearly, and all the videos have their intended content rather than apologizing for errors in the description. Great job!
Satoru Iwata (From Nintendo) (1959-2015) was a Legend Tom Kalinske (From Sega) was a good leader. Bill Gates (From Microsoft) was an, Ok. Phil Harrison (From Sony)was a Piece of shit.
pstv
C'mon "Ridge Racer!!!!!!!! Remember that one?" is legendary
I remember changing my debit card after Sony got hacked. The bank teller knew what was going on.
omg I forgot about LAIR.
maybe a ps2 pro?
The No1 mistake have end up Sony market in handheld console 100% with no change of recovery in heldheld console market, if Sony, want to caught up now, it very hard, as Nintendo Switch is now unstoppable at this moment, plus if Nintendo manage to coperate with Microsoft to put in Xcloud in Switch, Just wait for PS2 best selling console to be beaten by Nintendo Switch. Please make video of Microsoft 3 biggest mistake, as it is odd and weird if your don complete it. After that, make 3 biggest sucesss that have make Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo the trio that dominate the gaming industry.
9:42 In my case, I have both a Wii and a PS3. Personally, the Wii was the preferred one, because of Mario and the casual games, and I only had been born when the PS3 went to the market!
1st  Wii 6.29 2st  Xbox 4.62 3st  Ps3 2.56  From US.
What happen Microsoft 3 biggest mistakes ?
Most of Sony's problems in the west stem from their anti-consumer practices.  Even now, their equivalent of Xbox Game Pass isn't worth half what they charge for it and compared to their competitors it's laughable. Their ecosystem is dreadfully closed off, being one of the few game publishers that doesn't offer their games on any other platforms and refusing to offer cross-play until public backlash became too much and still didn't make any changes for a concerning amount of time. Sony wants to control when, where, and how you play their games without realizing they're going directly against what most western gamers want. At a certain point, having pretty good games won't be enough to keep people coming back if they're constantly annoyed by Sony's refusal to embrace where technology is headed. If you want to play your games how you want to play your games, Sony should be the last company you buy from.
........... Sony sold out of PS3's.  How was that a failure?
They challenged X Box with a PS5 when they could have tried to go with an improved Vita.
Love your videos
You forgot about trophies at PS3 launch, Sony said at that time, what this is not necessary. But invent own achievements later!
Adding onto the cost of the PS3 (and Sony's hubris) was Sony's proprietary cell architecture. It was a nightmare to develop for. Gabe Newell called the PS3 a "waste of everybody's" time due to how crappy the architecture was. Sony's thinking was the radically different, complex workings of the PS3 would force developers to solely develop for the PS3, leaving little time for other systems. In reality many multiplatform 7th-gen games looked and ran worse on PS3 than the 360, especially early on before developers figured out the cell architecture.
Sony’s ps5 is awesome 👏, they have learnt from their mistakes.
The primary problem for the memory cards was, as you stated, the price. If they matched SD cards in price they could even have become the market standard, considering Sony was very popular in portable devices. In my opinion that was there biggest mistake.
One mistake: late ps3 and ps4, no legacy support. Another mistake: ps5 with ps4 support but nothing else (a step forward, but trips over its own foot)
its almost like the xbox series s/x buy a 299$ console and a 200$ ssd"memory card"
I feel like you should do this with Sony Online Entertainment. The company isn't around anymore which should tell you they made PLENTY of mistakes.
I worked for Sony Online during this time; there used to be a cage in the same datacenter we used for our services. For weeks if not months, we would see many people in their cage with a table and a box full of hard drives labeled "Evidence". Those were wild times.
OMG Gaming Historian's Aladdin Deck Enhancer it's still alive
Do Apple.
PS3 online was free though
I’m here to kick ass and chew bubble gum, and I’m all out of bubblegum.
I remember when my dad had to reset all his cards and he got his identity stolen AND someone bought 3 thousand dollars of perfume on his debit cards in South Africa and that was it! He returned the ps3 and never bought anything from Sony again. The man hates Sony. He even decided not to buy his dream car (a Dodge Viper in case that sort of thing interests you) because the particular one he was looking at had an aftermarket Sony stereo.
I’m from europe and I have a ps vita and I’m more of a Nintendo and Xbox fan and love my ps vita but yeah more of a Nintendo and Xbox fan and yes also love my ds and 3ds
The Original vita had some onboard storage
The worst part about Sony media, is when they make it available on all platforms, it always takes off. But when they insist on making only work their own devices, it always fails
You’re missing Xbox Then it would be fully completed since you did the rest of the big 3 why not complete the big 3
regret skipping the PS2 for the PS3.  few good games and a personal information hack was all i got
As far as I was concerned, MS was no problem. I just ordered a 10 pack of MS from China. Well, they produced them illegally (Without license). And when you think they were low quality, the bitrates were more than satisfying. Sure, 2 of 'em broke after some time. But one of thgem supllied me with 2 gb. You see, MS-to-SD adapters were no option for me since their bitrates were to low for my purposes... I had a CFW installed all the time und the ciso format required high bitrates. Any1 remembers the shenanigans with Dark_AleX (He was considered the Hero of the Homebrewscene, King of PSP 'hacking'). Well, he reacted to the admiring from scene with alot of dark homour. 😅 Ahh... And then, the Pandora battery came to happen. Suddenly, you could unbrick all your PSP-1000 (And later 2000) if you f'up your FLASH0 completly. Sony tried to prevent all of that with mainboard revisions. But they've had  little success doing so. Any1 knows how the state of the Vita HB scene is/was. Nintendo devices always had a much bigger HB scene. And this continues still to this day with the Switch being hacked very early. PSP go flopped... And everybody anticipated it. A dl-only device in the 2000's? Come on! But I what I don't get is that the Vitas library is considered 'poor'. It contains hidden gems, especially for otaku gamers. (But that's something what Sony is known for in general by western audiences) Many of them exclusives.  Another tip from me: If you looking for a great emulation station, buy a WiiU and mod it. Those thing's are so cheap att. You can even get an officially approved GC adapter for that thing since the Smash Bros community demands one from Nintendo still today. If you have a lil bit more in your pocket, built a x86_x64-based emu station with an AMD Ryzen APU. Thus, you have even more options. (Android, PS2 emulation+many other things to count) But the configuration of the emulators is more difficult... It's hard to get 'em to run OOTB.
I remember buying a PS Vita with my dad; with box in hand, walking to the car, opening up the box and powering it on... and then promptly walking back inside to return it. That proprietary memory card thing pissed me off something royal, I didn't even care about the cost of the card just the insult of a proprietary card and cable (dying out at time). Never looked back at the PS Vita, my dad was confused since I wanted one so bad but he understood.
I just took it on faith that save chips were proprietary to the system.
Sony’s BIGGEST mistake is Censoring Japanese Games
I got one for you....Wallstreet's biggist game blunders
Japaneses , especially their companies, love being apologist but never really mean it. Look at Nintendo, Sony, Toyota, and many other Japan market leaders....Like US companies it all about profit and power, the consumer is a cash cow waiting to be milked. MOOO to the consumer, and see if they moo back.
I got the ps3 at launch and loved it oranged lit it treaded it in for an xbov369. Red ringed 3 of them went back to ps3
Before anybody accuses Microsoft as doing the proprietary overpriced memory card option. It is not the same thing as you can get cheaper expandable storage options outside of that card. The card on the XBox series XS is totally optional.
At the time of the original Playstation and already in my early 20s in its release. Us gamers saw the PS1 as a shovelware machine. 80% of the games on the PS1 were just trash that Sony gave license to anybody and everybody to release garbage with no quality control. I guess to sell their console or maybe because they still were learning the console business. They believed in quantity not quality.
The price of the PS3 never bothered me , I loved the Idea of backwards compatibility so I could play my PS1 and PS2 games as well , I also was in the market for a Blu-Ray player ($300-$500) , It had built in wifi too and the one I got had a 60G hard drive . So yeah the 360 was $399.99 but then you had to buy the wifi adapter too ($100 )  as well as the HD-DVD player add on ($199) and it only came with a 4G hard drive so you had to buy a bigger variant too . So in essence both systems were the same price , Xbox just gave you the option in buying pieces vs PS selling a complete unit .
First of all, you make some fantastic content. I started watching you when the Tetris documentary came out...and it became the first hour-long youtube video I ever watched. I loved all of your other videos...and this one brought up some good points. But...there are a few things you said that I think miss the mark.  So when you went in to the part about Sony and their proprietary formats; I felt it was very unfair to lump Betamax, DAT, Minidisc...and even Memory Stick in that list.   I'll start with Betamax. I know the old tale is "it died because of Sony"...and that might be part of the reason. But it's far from what I would call a proprietary format. Yes...it had licensing requirements...they were much stricter than VHS. But...that is the same for any media format that's come out in history. Betamax was just one of two main standards for video storage aimed at the consumer market...and it was also the first to hit the market. I can't speak for what the situation was like in the 70s....Sony may have kept the format all to itself. But that did change when JVC came out with VHS and made it a more open-standard. There were other brands of Betamax units on the market; I personally have two Toshibas and a Sanyo top-loader....I have exactly 0 Sony Betamax units in my collection. I also have blank media from brands like Memorex, Maxell, TDK, Scotch....all of the major players. VHS may have made Sony back-off a little on the licensing; the two were in fierce competition in the 80's. Houses were either Beta or VHS. This was also an era where having a VCR was...rare. The reality is by the time VCRs became ubiquitous....Beta was largely done for. It lost the war....but I would not say it lost it because of being proprietary. I could record to a Scotch branded Betamax blank tape in my Toshiba Beta VCR...and play it back in any other Beta VCR. It was just one standard that didn't make it. Whether or not Sony making it open format from the start would have saved it...we'll never know.   While I don't know much about the DAT market....it was a high-end niche format. Storing digital audio on tape had been done since the 70s in the professional arena; Sony was one of the few leading this by selling PCM adaptors for video machines...most notably UMatic. In fact just about *every* system for doing digital audio on to tape was proprietary. But to call DAT proprietary is still incorrect;  it was not a Sony only product...even if you had to pay royalties to Sony. Several other manufacturers made DAT decks....all adhering to the DAT standard. Let's not forget that the compact disc...which we all know how successful it was; could have also been called a "proprietary" format at the start...and it was controlled by Sony and Philips. The difference was as the format "took hold"....more and more companies started to license it.   Minidisc also wasn't proprietary for the same reasons. Companies like Sharp and Aiwa also made and sold Minidisc equipment. Yes...it was Sony's format all the way around, even down to the audio codec used on the disc. Blank media was available from several companies...not just Sony. It only "feels" proprietary because the format was a flop in the consumer market.   You didn't even mention Digital Compact Cassette; which was the competition to Minidisc; but flopped harder than DAT or MD.  One could argue in the 70's that cassette tapes were proprietary because they didn't play in your 8-track player; or that 8-tracks were proprietary because you couldn't play them on your phonograph. They were just....standards. Some made it, some failed; but I would hesitate to call Beta, MD, or DAT a "proprietary" format. They were just niche and for the most part, simply rejected by the consumer market.  MemoryStick was just the result of the storage card wars; Sony created memory stick...they didn't have to pay any patents or royalties to use it. It was annoying when it lost...but they had hopes it would take over in a world where CompactFlash had domainated because it was "it".
SNK’s 5 Biggest mistakes
WEIRD COMMENT ALERT: I like how your books are arranged in the back.
you have missed 2: The start of console war, and the cross platform denyal lemme tell you detail about this  when sony was makin ps1 nintendo partnerd up with sony this was a big problome and started a console war nintendo wanted to do cartrage but sony wanted to take 1 step to disc. it was a huge deal to everyone knowing this war has begone. later when the ps1 is released they put up a attacked wake up commercial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYEz7t3UbB4   this meassage is saying: hey nintendo stop being behind, our console better than yours.  the cross platform denyal: back when the beter together update was announce xbox and nintendo agree to paartner up exept for sony. one of the sony player leted sony know this update with a quote: "minecraft is geting a huge update and the console is partnering up. we dont want to partner up with them due to yonger player" sony agreed to this and caused A HUGE PROBLOME all the sony fan was mad at the user who posted that and told them to update the game. when  2019 hit sony told everyone that they change our mind the message was: everyone was dissagreeing to the other user and our company do agree with this problome. we have partnerd up with them now.   these were the 2 bigest mistake you have missed
While old and well-traveled, I still think the BetaMax was a top-3.  While we think about VHS as an older version of DVD/Blu-Ray, that was simply NOT the case.  The primary utility of VHS/Beta was NOT to watch movies.  Home theater wasn't a thing and movie rentals wouldn't be a thing for several years afterwards.  The primary utility at launch was "time-shifting" and recording function.  You could go out to eat and not miss Dallas.  You didn't have to stay up to midnight to watch SNL.  Remember, there were only a few channels at the time, no streaming video, no way to immediately see a show you missed, etc.  This was huge at the time. And, Sony screwed this up (the implementation of the technology) in some key ways that disadvantaged the technology.  I don't know the value of the consumer video tape market in the 1980s and 1990s, but I bet it was much more significant than the PS3 launch issues.
Sony's decision about the memory sticks, especially in the case of the Pro Duo, wasn't unreasonable. Whether it would turn out to be the right call depended on the execution. That is where the PSP and PSVita's cases are completely different. Back in the 2005-2011 era, the Pro Duo memory sticks were light years ahead of regular SD cards in terms of speed (which is especially important for a disc based console) and despite being on the expensive side they were still relatively affordable and also very well-built. In the Vita's case, Sony messed up big time. While the Vita cards were still a lot faster than regular Micro-SD cards, they were insultingly overpriced and extremely poorly made. These cards would just get fried on their own after a couple of years of use and according to many users, that issue became worse the higher the capacity of the card was. So the more money you paid, the worse the already overpriced product you got was. Sony could have honestly done something with their portable memory solution which focused primarily on speed and not so much capacity. The Pro Duo was a good first step but they totally gave up/half-assed things after that. Not that we have anything to complain about regarding that these days though.
I like how this just reminded me of how much the red rings of death plagued the Xbox 360s lol. I owned all 3 consoles at the times Wii , Xbox 360 , & PS3
Genji had shallow combat. But man was it beautiful. Still is.
Rumble is fucking stupid. I don't need my controller going apeshit every time there's explosions
The PS3 launch is still better than whatever absolute disaster the PS5 launch was / is. 99% of the people I know who want one still don’t have a PS5 and meanwhile scalpers earn truckloads of money. Well ffing done Sony
Never realized it, but I stopped buying Sony after the PS2. Price was probably the reason as I was fresh out of college and had bills to pay. Jumped on the wii train later and then the wiiu and now switch. To this day I have no interest in a ps5, if anything I’ll go buy another ps2.
the baby ad lol...
Sony's biggest mistake is keeping the left joystick at the bottom of the controller.
I’m still waiting for Microsoft 3 biggest mistakes just saying
I know this video was focused on Sony's video games division however the Sony BMG CD root kit scandal sticks out in my mind to this day and is one of the reasons I stopped buying CDs.
3:30  Nintendo mentioning sd card slot definitely was to tackle Sony
love your channel -- this is the kind of story that I might have heard about in passing a few times, but it definitely helps to take a step back and put things into context now:  which is just what a "historian" is supposed to do.  Cheers.
Nintendo's biggest mistake: Partnering with Phillips and giving the middle finger to Sony!
CAPCOM up next? 😅
ah yes, the Playstation NOTWORK  I had to (on the advice of my CC company) cancel and replace my credit card.     and as a handheld gamer, and a cheap a$$ Scotsman, the Vita left me so conflicted :-)
Nah The Emoji movie was clearly their worst mistake
Canceling the vita early...
The vita had...a little internal memory
I thought North Korea hacked PSN
Wow I forgot about the memory sticks. I never bought anything sony back in the day because of them.
PS VITA IS THE BEST CONSOLE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was definitely a Playstation Guy up until they released the price of the PS3. I just couldn't afford it. Up until that point, I never even considered buying an Xbox. Because of the price difference, I bought a 360, and then the One (and One X) , and now the Series X.
The main thing i hated for what Sony did was removing the Other OS function cause that was a good selling point for myself and others as for we were using the PS3 to learn how to use Linux better but when the updated rolled out and for a lot of people like myself didn't bother to go on their site to see what the update was about it pretty much screwed me and others over which to be honest Sony should just keep the function for Other OS for all their systems instead of allowing hackers to find exploits in the system (like the PS4) to be able to run other OS's.
you remind me of the how it’s made guy
Sony's biggest mistake was moving to California
Sony is still the best
I think the decision to remove OtherOS from the PS3 was a huge mistake for Sony. Had they not done that (and maybe allowed OtherOS to access the PS3 GPU) then there would have been little, if any, reason for anyone other than those who wanted to pirate PS3 games and content to need to hack the system (since you could just run whatever you want on it via OtherOS)
The hanging plastic disappointedly milk because map principally seal beyond a savory journey.  five, round tuna
I would like it if you did a video on the lawsuit that kicked off the whole PSN hack fiasco.
Sony's worst mistake: Leaving the Japanese market behide.
Great video! I forgot why I never got a PS3. I've owned every console except the original Xbox and the PS3. Oh and WiiU, but does that count? #2 was exactly why I switched to Xbox.
The PS3 mistakes in relation to drive were short term painful for the company but in the end seemed to be a good idea. It secured bluray as the standard and as the price came down and bluray increased in popularity, it became a great deal to get both a console and bluray player for one price of $300-400. By the end, Sony crushed world wide and was only close in the States where it still had overwhelming sales superiority for the last couple years.  I bought a 360 to start but by about the 2 year mark, I regretted. Largely because the Xbox 360 being the mostly poorly designed console in history from a hardware standpoint. Literally a 100% failure rate on all consoles shipped in the first two years with enough time. High failure rates continued beyond that - just not at 100%. I got 4 replacements of the 360. One or two I paid for myself before they extended the warranty and started giving them to me for free. In turns out that the PS3 was several times cheaper even at its $500-600 price point. Combine that with the fact that Sony kept improving the console UI and game selection while every time there was a new Xbox 360 UI update, it got worse, and the cool exclusives just never came.
I thought for sure you were going to bring up Sony Playstation TV
Hey, Gaming Historian. I know Sony has made mistakes like Sega, Nintendo, and Microsoft, but there’s something I wanted to know.   When I grew up, I loved video games, and when it came to which console to play when the 7th generation of gaming, my family was only able to get a PlayStation 3. And when I played it, I loved it. It’s made many happy memories and it holds a special place in my heart. But it was also the only console I had at that time, and I was still just a kid then. Now, as a grown adult, after I saw this video, I kinda felt like you were saying to me, "Oh, you bought a PS3? Shame on you. You should’ve bought an Xbox 360." or "You bought a PS3? Well then you wasted your money. It’s all about Xbox 360."   Now, I didn’t know about this in the past, and I did get enough money to get a PS4, but I can’t stop thinking about this. So, let me be clear when I ask this: Having a PS3 over an Xbox 360, was that a mistake, even though I loved my PS3?
Sony's Big mistake: The Last of Us 2
x360 and wii ftw!
Sony: *uses proprietary format to prevent piracy and hacking*  Pirates and hackers: "and I took that personally"
Trying to fool Nintendo  even Microsoft found that out  No one does that !
Sony's biggest mistake is suing Lik-Sang!
Agreed. Though it's still my favorite console
Me, walking into a Gamestop in 2006 and slapping the clerk in the face with a brick of twenty dollar bills: "LOOK HOW BAD I WANT IT, KUTARAGI-SAMA!"
thanks
Lucky people who had none of those things at all lol
Forgot the Christmas hack by lizard squad
if I'm not mistaken to launch model PS Vita has 1gb of internal memory. Maybe it's only useable once hacked?
>ctrl+f  >no "PS3 has no games" c'mon guys I thought you were better than this
I find it kind of funny that where I live the term "memory stick" usually means USB flash drive
Yeah 360 had a DVD drive with a 12x read speed capable of 1,585 MBPS where Sony had a Blue Ray 2x read speed capable of 72 MBPS. When I play retro games it's always on 360 since everything has to be installed to the PS3 HDD and I had mine die 2 times now.
The PSP X-mas campaign.
Gaming Historian- "the Sony network hack was the biggest in history"  The hack on Yahoo- "hold my beer"
Atari would be great
How about tackling Microsoft next? Though we all know #1 will be that disastrous 2013 Xbox One reveal.
We’ve  tackled Nintendo SEGA And PlayStation, *now it’s Xbox’s turn*
I still won’t buy PlayStation because of the hack. Never again.
Did you ever do a story on the Panasonic 3DO? It was all the rage in the early to mid 90s
Bismilah semoga dapet
You can also make top Anti-Customer moves by companies. Because of mismanagement like 32X or because of pure greed like limited time Mario.
Funny, their anti pirating measure is exactly why I pirated all my PSP games. The homebrew was amazing.
The baby ad is one of the best ads ever.
Don’t remember the ad but it can be disturbing
The PS Vita could have been a "hybrid" like the switch because the PSP already had an AV cable to connect to a TV and you could use a dualshock 3
microsoft should be next
I love Disny+ how could it be down
I loathe rumble in controllers, even the totally awesome HD rumble in the Switch. It doesn't make things more immersive to me in the slightest. Just having my hands vibrate doesn't convince me of anything other than you are making my hands vibrate. If I can turn rumble off I do. It is a useless feature that needs to disappear.  You've also made me miss the Blades dashboard again. Back then console functionality was put above advertisement.  Edit: You get Two Grand a month from Patreon supporters but often don't produce content for several months at a time? You are quite literally taking people's money for nothing.
Then we need Microsoft “Xbox”
Sony really fucked me over as a kid with the two network shutdowns and my dad was sooo fucking mad at me that his card got compromised and I didn’t hear the end of it
Throw in the Playstation 5 launch debacles.
Betamax deserved a spot on the list—that was disastrous and drawn out.
Another biggest mistake sony made, not delaying the new gaming console to 2021 or 2022 seeing the issues the playstation 5 has.
Xbox/Microsoft's 3 Biggest Mistakes
Another mistake SONY made was telling consumers they can do remote play on both PSP and PS VITA.
Don’t forget the 4th one, not refunding Cyberpunk 2077 even for the devs allow it
The hack gives me goosebumps and it feels good!!!!!!!!
Not keeping up with supply for the PlayStation 5. I’ve been trying to get one for over a month now but it still seems like it never launched in the UK. I’ve never heard of anyone managing to get one.
Suggestion: Microsoft’s 3 biggest mistakes
Why does everybody hate the boomerang controller I actually want it
Man, I love your videos, they are awesome :)
kinda sad you didn't mention their decision to go with the Cell processor neutering them
do ROAD RASH history and why it isnt around anymore it could have been even more epic , but they stopped it ,  great idea
I find it ironic that the ps3 60gb is $600 while the Ps5 or Xbox series X is 500 with like 10x+ storage
Tried to fight piracy did they?  *loads up PKGJ*
The PS3 didn't cost so much because of Blu Ray. It cost so much because of System on a Chip. Having native PS1 and PS2 support drove up the cost, which is why they were able to lower it down to $299 by ripping it out for the Slim
So Is “Microsoft (Xbox) 3 Biggest Mistakes” next?
Letting Resistance die is the biggest mistake they made.
Do Microsoft's Mistakes next!
When someone says “Sony’s biggest mistakes,” my only thought has ever been: Backward Compatibility. Honestly, the ones one this list? I didn’t know anything about and wasn’t impacted at all.
I remember my sis axis controller hardly ever needed to be recharged because there was no rumble. But I loved my PS3, I got it like a year later but there are a bunch of fantastic games. My favorites being Ratchet and Clank A crack in time. God of War 3 and  God of war Ascension. GTA5 , The last of us. Prototype. All the Resistance games
I remember dropping some serious money to get a huge memory stick for my PSP. 512mb  and it was like the price of 1gb sd card at the time.
1:20 $110 for 1 GB??? That's how much I paid for a PSP 3000 with a 16GB memory card and accessories included
On the plus side for Sony, they did win the war over HD-DVD with Blu-Ray.
I think if the video released next year then the ps5 launch would be Sony's second big mistake.
I completely forgot about the PSN hack over the years. What a time.
The biggest mistake from sony is the Sony PlayStation Classic. this mistake turn myself from a playstation fanboy to a nintendo fanboy.
Lol Sony (PS3)'s Phil Harrison Xbox One's Phil Harrison sTaDiA's Phil Harrison  The guy's a grim reaper
So interesting you worked at gamestop back during the ps3 launch
Heres a trick to know if a girl is a keeper, ask her the worst divorce in history and her answer : Nintendo and Sony
The PSN hack not exactly sonys fault. Stupid hackers are to blame for that. It's like blaming the bank for someone robbing it. Criminals are going to do it no matter how hard or easy the job is.
I love watching your videos while eating, good content bro
Grew up on Nintendo consoles as well as the Genesis. My brother had a PS1 that I believe he got from his friend. I played MM8, MMX4-6 and a few other random games on it. I was never blown away. PS1 has little nostalgic value to me. My brother's PS2 was primarily a DVD player for me.
Removing hardware based ps1/ps2 crying over 7$ for the chip , so add 7$ to system!!! making ps1/ps2 emulator based then blocking it from being used so ppl had to repay. removing other os with out a choice are they would lock you out of your own system you paid for , many this was there only computer the ps3.
How about Xbox?
🎶The phony gotta hit the road slowly So the record gets pushed by Sony I'm in the middle like monie🎶
💙
Not sure why removing other OS from PS would be a Sony Mistake. It’s not like Xbox 360 or Nintendo Wii had the option install another OS.  The other OS feature was there I believe so Sony could start selling PS3s as computers to justify its high cost. But then they realized Crakers would use it to copy or play game illegally. People don’t read the user agreement when they use anything.  Almost every user agreement to a service will say, the company has the right to change and alter its service when it pleases. Besides 98% of PS3 users did not care or even knew about that feature.  I got a launch PS3, People also forget that it has a PS2 chip in there. It’s not emulation for PS2 games it was done all in hardware. It emulated all the PS1 games as well plus Blu-Ray.  I also like Japanese games, not many of those would show up for Xbox 360.  I know the hacking of PSN was bad.  But Microsoft Windows gets hacked all the time. People don’t remember how bad those ransomware was just a couple of years ago? The poor state of PSN network compared to Xbox Live was a Japanese thing. Nintendo was worse for online play.  Wii had its friends code, it was not even a proper online mode. Japan executives at the time did not understand how important online gaming would be overseas.  Japan back then saw multiplayer as playing in same room or with portable games and Ad hoc wireless connection (like how DS systems do multiplayer).
No mention of Dark Alex for PSP's UMD-less "success"
Sony forced us to buy memory cards for the 1st playstation too. Jerks.
Note....beta was so much better than  VHS that is was used for movie filming for literally 45 years. Digital tape was 4x better than regular ass cassette tape audio. Mini disc, I have nothing to say really. They would have been the next big thing but the writable CDs happened.
Sony’s other big mistakes: -PSP dead batteries -that shitty Emoji “Movie” -Hotel Transylvania 2 -adding Venom to Spider-Man 3 -that goddamn cliffhanger ending in Amazing Spider-Man 2: Rise of Electro -numbering sequels only to subtitle their threequels (xmp: Bad Boys II, Bad Boys: For Life, Ghostbusters II, Ghostbusters: Afterlife.)
Thank god I had an Xbox 360
Why is it that you don't have 1M subs yet? This is such a great channel. 👍🤘
Before watching the video I'm guessing the Xperia is on this list
3:23 At the time in north america, THE 3DS COSTED 249$!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Lol me a friend in school would laugh n joke about the "giant enemy crab" yo you wanna fight a giant enemy crab? That will cost you 600
I always remember the PSN hack as it got me to check out some other games. I remember going to gamestop to look for used games and getting Fallout 3. I remember thinking it was alright, then got overencumbered and couldnt figure out what it meant even after googling it (idk why lol), so I ended up going back and exchanging it for Red Dead Redemption and had an absolute blast with it.  Years later I tried FO3 once again when I saw it for like $5 and loved it, of course I later on played it on PC where everyone should play it, but yeah lol.
During that hack situation, a lot of us assumed the hacking was done by XBOX players that wanted to show how easy it was to do so and to claim our system was weak. I think some Playstation gamers retaliated and did the same thing to the 360.
Norman, please, make a video of NEC's biggest mistakes.
I think we all know Sony’s biggest mistake             The emoji movie
Yea after the PS% Launch, i STILL think Sony doesn';t understand the market or their community
The ps5 launch knowing now was way worse of a launch then ps3.
Another great one Norm!
Those original ads for the PS3 were so weird and creepy
I remember when I saw the price of the PS3 I immediately discounted the system for the whole generation. Turns out I’m still off of PlayStation and happily play my Switch.
I'm still not ready to move on from DVDs
for me: the 200$ repair cost killed ps3 for me. not only did sony repair my ps1+2 for free, they sent me a free game each time. now i had to pay a ridiculous premium for what were like 30$ repairs. i've been a PC gamer ever since 2011.
I remember seeing the baby ad on tv when I was younger. I always thought it was weird and unsettling. I stand by that belief to this day.
I would not consider the PS Vita a mistake. It is my favorie handheld
2010 PSN: * exists *  Hackers: Free real estate!!
PSVR seems to be a mistake, it wasn't properly advertised and they didn't encourage great exclusive games except for Resident Evil 3. PSVR is almost being forgotten. Maybe Resident Evil 8 will give it some hype again.
the lazy historian left out a big part of history - online sony was free back then compared to xbox live
I'm glad I use prepurchase cards for PSN purchases, they can't get what I don't use
Astonishing store.  Someone should write a book about it
love the show, but you also forgot to mention the other biggest mistake with the PS3. The lack of backwards compatability. how it was limited to the  inital 4 models and forgotten afterwards
The PS5 launch would be another one of the biggest mistakes
You forgot their decision to make video games for the PS5 70$
Nope, The PS3 was a sucess, i don't care if everyone thinks the PS3 is a commercial failure back in 2006, to most people and pretty much everyone else, the ps3 was a sucess. The psvita isn't even a failure, the psn is just their way of internet support nothing special. See man, i can overreact, because i don't have time for this, and i thought my channel is bad for no reason besides 2 videos. Also, Subscribe to ShockwaveFPS Studios, give me the whole lot of subscribers.
Id love to see a video on Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes, even though i think we all know what they would be
sony let its handheld consoles die early, no good advertising in europe and many good games only came onto the market in japan. when you see how successful the switch is, it's a shame what sony has made of it. in japan these consoles have survived much longer, where in germany there were hardly any PS Vita games on the shelves for years.
I just want to say that the amount of time and effort that goes into every one of these videos must be astronomical. If anyone reading this has ever researched and edited for a short video you know something like this is a full time job with a lot of late nights!
Congrats on grad school! What are you studying? History, law, or something else?
This is why I hate Sony so much.
I'm surprised that Sony's Perpetual Arrogance was never mentioned.
True they did mistakes but you didn’t tell the people it became more successful than 360 and xbone?  By a lot. They fixed the issues and by game revenues still is the biggest one
Atari should definitely be the next one.  No game company has ever screwed up as badly as they have.    1: The Game Crash of 1983, which handed dominance of the console market over to Japanese companies for the next quarter century.  This pulled down the entire American industry at the time, whereas Nintendo, Sega, Sony, and Microsoft's have only hurt themselves.  2: Pissing off their best developers who went off and formed Activision.  This led to #1, but also shaped the development of the console industry by starting third party development.  3 I'd give this to their Tengen brand which they used shady means to bypass Nintendo's lockout technology.  That got them in legal trouble which helped lead to the company's final downfall.
ATARI sounds fun!
You have the perfect documentary voice. Love listening to you talk
Sony's biggest mistakes: Still being in the console wars
Just finished all of your videos, I love your content so much
Why did you remove the video about dos megaman so soon?
What happened to that Mega Man DOS video?
Hey what happend to the Megaman video you uploaded today? I almost had it finished watching?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE MEGAMAN DOS VIDEO?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
I actuality hate the rumble feature, lol! Shut that off every time, every game, every system that has it.
Vita was such trash, so was that abomination PS3 that no one but Sony could program for.  PS1 was awesome, PS2 godly, PSP fantastic, PS4 solid and I'm looking forward to the PS5.
Hey norm where did the new video go? Also would love to see a history of metroid :)
I took a college course alongside one of the hackers. Funny thing, he was working towards a degree in network security and at that college, you're pretty much guaranteed a job in the NSA after graduating (the course itself is actually super difficult and extremely high pressure and research oriented).  Not sure why someone would just throw that away.
Hey yo! Where did that Mega Man video go?
Heya, Gaming Historian. Why is the Mega Man DOS video gone?
Why is the Megaman DOS Video gone :>? Watched it on my TV and wanted to commend right now on my Phone aaaand its gone.
I was watching story of mega man on DOS i got to see 11 min and then video was deleted why?
Why did you remove the Mega Man DOS video??
man, the story of mega-man on DOS came out and i didn't even get to watch it before it got pulled!
Will you ever do a video on Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross?
Now the last console company is Microsoft. Microsoft’s 3 biggest mistakes
Releasing ps5 during corona virus. Mistake number 4.
Can you make the history of nintendo switch
In 10 years we may say moving their HQ from Tokyo to California was a big blunder. So far it isnt looking good. Curious to see how the ps5 will fare with customer opinions.
Thing is, these mistakes were what made them a LOT of money before, they just tried to repeat it.
Have you done the history on Chrono Trigger and Chrono Cross yet?
Wait, full last generation backwards compatibility with ps1 and ps2 for the original launch of PS3 was a mistake?
Sony : We made a lot of methods to combat piracy... by creating more reasons for our users to resort to piracy.
Sony isn’t exactly consumer friendly.
NEC
Lazy historian
$599.99
They regained consumer's trust and then now they ruined it all over again because of being creepy.
Good video!  Also you look like the third Vlogbrother.
Hey Gaming Historian! I love your videos! I have a few suggestions on the next few videos: 1st: The History of Crash Bandicoot 2nd: The History of Luigi’s Mansion  Why I want both is because Crash Bandicoot 4: It’s About Time just came out, and I started playing Luigi’s Mansion 3 again. I think that they would be very interesting ones to talk about. Especially Crash Bandicoot. There was a lot of heat between Universal and Naughty Dog back in the 90’s, and there was some stuff that happened that would be good to talk about. Thank you for reading this! I hope you take these ideas into consideration!
Please do Microsoft next
who dare calls the *VITA A MISTAKE?!*
Mr. gaming historian can you do a two videos on banjo-kazooie and splatoon
Where'd you get that Spyro figure in the background? I'd like one myself. It looks so cool!
You should have waited a month to make this video. Sony fans are pretty upset right now at the new update.
Daaaamn that hack. I didn't know anything about that one
The PSN hack, which exposed user info, very much seemed like an inside job.
I used to be the biggest Sony fanboy imaginable, but to this day I have not bought any new Sony products ever since they killed OtherOS. I got a whopping $11 from the class action lawsuit.
nobody's perfect..
I don't know if it's in the Top 3 but I'm mad they haven't put any more time or money into The Legend of Dragoon, at least a remaster.
Can you make an episode about legend of zelda the oracle of ages and season    Because i loved the links awakening episode🤩🤩
I Cannot Wait For XBOX!
It must have been difficult narrowing this down to just three.
An year of free identity theft?   C'mon Sony.
Please do Microsoft next.
#4 The mini PS1. That pos cashgrab is the reason Im getting a new xbox and not a ps5.
Please do one on Pokemon!
Sony might've not won 'em all, but Blu-ray really did win the market so they won the gamble although it cost them quite a bit in the late 2000s.
I really enjoyed this video, but I wouldn't say the hack was a "mistake" - that suggests it was an intentional choice, which is clearly wasn't. Perhaps there were some specific decision behind the scenes that led to the hack, in which case this would be the mistake they made, but the hack itself wasn't a mistake. I actually thought they dealt with the fallout from the hack really well, all things considered.
The Blu Ray player ended up being a strong selling point when the price dropped. For awhile, they were arguably the best blu Ray player on the market, at a cheaper price point than most, when blu Ray became incredibly popular. Hell, my grandmother ended up buying one.
What about the PlayStation memory cards in general. I remember shortages for the ps2 pack in 2002.
Sony s biggest mistake is after Ps2 they cell their exclusive titles, wadda idiots, without doing that they will have at least 100  so if you wanna play metal gear solid, devil may cry and so much more, you ll need sony PlayStation, and even so giving up of the classics where are jack and dexter? Ico? Shadow of colossus... and moooreeeee
Can you shout me out
All the fraud with psplus is just normal for consoles. Sony's biggest mistake is moving headquarters to commiefornia. Soon after they were censoring everything and made the worst game of all time. They are imploding of off self-sabotage. Get woke go broke.
playstation classic edition, playstation tv, eye toy, music unlimited, playstation vr, playstation move, psp digital comics, that sony ericsson with psp buttons, no hbo on ps4 (w\xfinity) are waaaaay bigger mistakes than the vita and ps3. both of those were ahead of their time and fun to play. the ps3 actually sold more units than the 360 in the end because people kept buying it for the blu-ray.
Microsoft
Norm, what’s the outlook for the rest of the year? 2-3 more vids? I know you will review the channel year like you always do, kinda like a report card.
12:40 didn't a kid make a 911 call about PSN being down?
9:00 too many of those initial sales were from scalpers. Also, a bit eerie that I'm still playing through my backlog of Wii games :x
Few bumps in the road. What are you talking about? PlayStation won three of the four generations they have been in so far. Nintendo has won three of the seven generations they have been in, starting from nes to switch. Sega has won none of the four generations they have been in and they left the hardware market. Xbox has won none of the three generations they have competed in so far. The track record of Sony is 3 wins and 1 loss. Nintendo has 3 wins and four losses. Sega and Xbox has zero wins. That would make Playstation THE market leader in the console gaming market. Get your facts straight. Gaming is not about numbers but when you put false claims in your videos, you will have to deal with numbers.
My Top 20 Video Gaming Youtuber's (in no particular order)...  Atari Creep Brett Weiss Papa Pete Arcade USA Gamester81 AVGN (Cinemassacre) Game Chasers Pixel Game Squad Happy Console Gamer John Hancock Metal Jesus Rocks John Riggs Russ Lyman Pat The NES Punk Game Sack Erin Plays The Gaming Historian The 8-Bit Guy The No Swear Gamer The Irate Gamer  *Note: I'm subscribed to 100 channels.
Government: So how did they hack it?  Sony: *yes*
This just covers their game division mistakes because Sony has had some doozies in other branches of their business too. Installing Malware to prevent people from making CD copies on their computers, Steve jobs offered Sony a Vaio that could run OS X and allowing them to license it only for Sony to refuse. They could have built iTunes and the Walkman could have been the iPod and the list goes on...
seems like sony has learned they now use standard m.2 drives on ps5 with support for multiple lengths for expendable storage
Well done Mr. Caruso
Wow. Then the Vita deserved to fail.
You should make a video about Nintendo's, Sega's, and Sony's 3 biggest Accomplishments. Like how Nintendo saved the video gaming industry, or how Sega manage to make competition in the gaming industry, or how Sony mange to make the PS2 the best selling console. As for the next biggest mistake, I think you should do Mircosoft, one I can already think of is the Xbox One Launch.
the history of dragon quest would be nice in a future video
And they're about to make their 4th mistake with the Ps5 and the huge pricetag they're putting on it. Lots of people are choosing the XBox instead.
At the time, Sega Saturn had its advantage over the first Playstation, being the gamer I was I could tell the difference.  Too bad Sega failed after that.
What's next? Microsoft? Do it, you won't!
You should do a history lesson on the Silent Hill franchise and how it shaped the horror genre
Hey buddy we love you. Stay strong and keep doing what youre doing, cause youre great at it!
"psn store ran off a web page" *...WHAAAAAAAT?!* No wonder that piece of shit was so slow and painful to use
Hey how much was that hd dvd drive? I want to hear what you say about microsoft
Am I the only one still not useing blue ray? I mean I only went dvd becouse of the ps2
most of sony's cost on the ps3 was not the bluray drive it was actually the cell processor (despite the fact each one sypoosdly cost 89 usd to build as it was  a new chip that cost them hundreds of million  to develop (which ibm used to develop the 360 cpu) do the fact up and until after launch they were having massive issues with manufacturing it which negates the 89 usd price tag  in fact at  one Sony explained the Blu-Ray drive was significantly cheaper (125 used if you accept that sites estimates) than you typical machine at the  time BECAUSE the cell did most if not  all the decoding. interestingly enough the most expensive chip if that's same site is to be believed was the gpu a chip never planned much less started to develop until after they heard  rumors about the 360 power    it was originally planned to be just the  cell, Blu-ray, no gpu with all the other standard stuff you saw depending on the model    interestingly enough the ram they  choose from Samsung was also  sizable expense the CPU had 256 ddr3 and the GPU had 256MB of GDDR3   other bizzare expenses was the wifi module same with the media reader on the 600 USD   and the fact they used bluetooth 2.0 on all model when if i rember right the wii just used 1.1 or 1.0 if i remember right
I've been watching your videos for about 7 years and I've never made a comment. Just wanted to say Thank You for putting all of these together. They're great.
Hay Gaming Historian do and Gaming Historian Episode on Rareware plz
"Pac-Man: he is essentially what he believes" Someone please explain this to me.
One good one  in the future is Commodores biggest mistakes!
Atari next
I'm glad I stumbled onto this channel.
I would like gaming historian to tackle the sega channel. Also the ps vita has a flaw to the 3ds or ds and that is the ps vita sucks with the cold.(second ps vita owner)
The vita would have been a truly great handheld if it wasn’t for those stupid memory cards
Sony in California..
that's why don't be a fanboy, Sony, Microsoft, Nintendo, all of them are just a company, a company that want to make profit from you.
Hey man I want to say thank you for being one of the more real you tubers, straight to the point like a documentary. Also would really like if you did PlayStation Vita. It didn’t get as much recognition as it should have and All-Stars could have been a contender to Super Smash Bros. If things went the other way. Just a thought, will watch either way if you don’t.
Lair I did like a bit, it was a good game save the motion control, I remember when I got it, I thought if they were gonna do this,  t should’ve been a wii thing.  If this game was ether stick control and just worked a bit more...it would’ve been a. Great game
Outtro music is like 70's porn music.
And thats why I got away from Playstation and play Xbox
Do a history viedo of sega games on Nintendo platforms
Can you do an episode on the history of sega?
This is why I hate Sony, especially their messed up handheld market and the censorship of JP games.
So, despite being released a year later than the 360, having a massive price tag, the botched launch, ditching PS2 compatibility, removing OtherOS, and the PSN hack, the PS3 still managed to outsell the 360 by the end of the generation.  And that includes the people who purchased multiple Xboxes after they RROD'd.  For all their mistakes, Sony managed to successfully play the long game with the PS3.
I'm sure there are tons more mistakes to talk about for Atari. And great video, by the way.
@Thegaminghistorian I've been watching your videos for a long time and I'm really enjoying your videos a lot I just really miss your old paino intro with that really simple but really nice flipbook animation I just miss it I'd love that to be in a new video maybe as a subscriber milestone or something I'm just really nostalgic for it.
Came here from JeremyJahns, very cool videos!!
Microsoft
I think to myself I would like a boomerang
Sir what are you majoring in??
What's the name of the song that's playing at the end while you're showing your patrons?
I bought the ps3 solely to play GTA4. Then it came out on PC and sold my PS3 lmao.
That's why we need competition. Sony tends to be very hostile and arrogant towards customers whenever they are in the lead.
Sony 's greed . Has screwed themselves ..
Hi, Jeremy Jahns brought me here.
Jeremy Jahns just called you out!!! Prepare for influx!
First Nintendo, then SEGA, and now Sony. Now we need one from Microsoft and maybe if it's possible Atari
Xbox 360's red ring of death did alot to push people back to ps3 too
To this day, I will never put my CC info in a PlayStation console
XBox biggest mistakes: 1) XBox 2) Xbox 360 3) XBox One
I worked at circuit city during the ps3 Wii launch. I remember thinking when we got the ps3s that they would sell right away and be almost impossible to get like the ps2 was for like a year. Nope. We always had plenty of ps3 stock. They just sat there but the instead it was the Wiis that were impossible to keep stocked.
I think in a lot of ways Sony Computer Entertainment suffers for being a smaller division of a larger company that has a history of making fortunes on media licensing. In this list alone, two of their biggest mistakes were directly caused by using certain media. And it is my theory that SCE likely wanted neither of these but were probably forced to use them by the parent company. Neither of them really made the core gameplay better and hurt their respective systems. If you contrast that with Nintendo, a company solely centered on the games industry, everything they do on their consoles is only to serve that market. Microsoft's game division is a smaller division of a much larger company but there isn't much that the consumer can feel in any Xbox products that serve the larger Microsoft corporation since MS mostly focuses on software and cloud services and has never been in the media business in any large way.
Are you doing ads for liberty insurance? Only pay for what you need.
And who won in the end you jabroni? Ps3, best console ever
Why 😭 sad vids
XBOX 3 BIGGEST MISTAKES  1.XBOX ONE DRM POLICY 2. RED RING OF DEATH 3. KINECT   dont@me itz just a joke lolololol
Timestamps: 0:29 - Propeietary Memory 4:09 - PS3 10:25 - PSN
My cousin and I lived through the PSN Outage. I just kept thinking "What the fuck man? I just wanna play MAG."  At least we got a free copy of Wipeout HD Fury after the dust settled.
Not allowing backwards compatibility on the ps5 would have grabbed one if that was the case but oh well I get to save my money and wait for anything I want.
Still not as big a mistake as the one your parents made
I remember the long months of the closure of PSN. It felt soooo long for my bored preteen days. But I remember I got 2 free games so I got to play Infamous and Little Big Planet
I got a 16gb memory card for my Vita. Holy hell I was surprised that I got mine for cheap (~$35). I love my Vita, though...
Great video!
Loved this video, but you missed one key point about that damn sony hack. Because of the way PSN was setup, you couldn't even play your singleplayer games offline. Every game required an online connection to be played, even in single player mode. They effectively bricked my PS3. I'll never forget that nonsense.
This guy's stuff is so solid. I keep forgetting about what a big deal some of these things are and he really draws out the irony. Nice job!
I will dispute the idea that the infamous PS3 "baby" commercial was a mistake. Everybody to this day still remembers it. People still in the year 2020 talk about it. That's incredible advertising.
I remember wanting a PS3 at launch but that $600 price tag turned me off big time. Luckily I was able to get one when the price dropped.
MADDEN, just wait till madden, wrong! Madden, the only game franchise that loses  more and more features
Maybe not top 3 but the Vita was retired when Sony knew the PS4 was going to be a succes. Since then I have become a Nintendo Switch player.
Phil Harrison's resume is a roller coaster... Works for SONY during the PS3 launch, turns out to be a disaster. Works for Microsoft during the XBOX ONE launch, another disaster... Works for GOOGLE during STADIA launch... we all know how that turned out LOL...  Phil Harrison is the curse of the industry. DO NOT I repeat DO NOT hire that guy if you want to succeed.
Playstation Store and the interface is still crap, almost 2 generations later
Man looking at the PSP handheld... it sure brings some good memories.
Idk Im more of a Nintendo person😓
has a programmer, xbox utilities to connect and work was way better, we developed on xbox and ported on ps3, so our game was better on xbox over ps3
Real Mistake 1: How they revealed the PS5. I could write a video essay on it.
Interesting choices, and I agree with the choices but not the reason.   Vita, it challenged the cellphone market.  Just released at the wrong time.  The memory sucked, but competing directly with the cellphone market killed it (having to carry a second device just for games) really killed it.   The Ps3.  The Launch was bad, but it's the cell processor that killed the system.  It took almost a decade before it was competitive, which is a decade too late, even if it was a close race by the end.   PSN I disagree that this the PSN hack is the biggest.  However in general the online system feels really backwards, and the fact you have large updates to even use your system REALLY sucks.  Though calling it one of the biggest of all time, makes it sound like it would be in the top 10, it's not as major as you make it out to be depending on how you want to look at it, and the fact is even by number of records it's a relatively minor hack.   Hacks have been done on hundreds of million of records multiple times, like Equifax and billions of records elsewhere, not to mention more damaging.    Just my opinion of course. Still a great list, and one of the reasons I'm a patreon.  Keep up the good work.
I'd love to see Xbox / Microsoft in the future. Maybe next year when it marks it's 20 year anniersary.
Atari.....General Custer
My launch editon, 60 gb, Fatboy Ps3 was and is my favorite console that I have ever owned!!  It was fully backwards compatible and played 3d games and blu rays.  I was so sad when it died after 10 years and thousands of hours of usage.
I sense Microsoft’s mistakes
Sony' is Apple! apple is Sony   pet detective
$100.32GB  that's bananas I got a SSD for my Xbox 500GB for $89 😭😭😭 I'd rather be an Xbox fan 😁😁 they just bought Bethesda 😁😁 what is Xbox have 24 game studios now and they'll all come out on console if you have Xbox game pass unlimited for free 😁😁😁 no more pain $64 with tax thank you Xbox
one of Sonys BIGGEST mistakes was SOE (Sony Online Entertainment) shutting down one of the greatest games ever made. Free Realms
Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes 1.Kinect 2.Kinect 3.Kinect
First sony tried to rip us off by more expensive memory 'sticks' then we equalized it by pirating games on the stick and playing psp games with emulators on phones
Norman you really are a credit to the gaming community
Your videos are great! I love how thorough and detailed they are.
These biggest mistakes videos are further evidence that you should just play on pc.
A few more mistakes: PlayStation Classic, taking captive of Fortnite players planning to play on the Switch, The Last of Us Part II PR Skirmish, plagiarism of some trailer.
Hey Norm! Could you perhaps do the history of Castlevania? I really want to know where the inspiration came from.
can we a pokemon episode
I was really worried when I found out about the Sony hack.  Now they know that Droopy Nuts was born on April fools day and his first pet was named my wang.
I sure do miss the 360 blades dashboard.
How about that time when Sony thought it would be a good idea to sell 22 million music CDs which silently installed a rootkit when inserted into a PC?
Atari
Where's the Microsoft one? Love the history behind all these mistake videos!
Psp is  the easiest console to softmod
People should go with xbox.
Regarding the PSN hack: Yes, Sony definitely bungled the handling of the issue. But personally I find it interesting how cause and effect keep getting mixed up when people report on the issue ten years after the fact. Yes, Sony basically kicked off the issue by removing the OtherOS feature, then a public jailbreak was revealed, then Sony started lawsuits, then the hacks happened. In hindsight, this was a bad move on Sony's part. However, what people keep forgetting is that Sony removed the OtherOS feature AFTER hackers had announced working on a vulnerability that might allow to jailbreak the system through OtherOS. True, it wasn't a full jailbreak (yet), but it was in reaction to this development that Sony removed OtherOS support. I was working for an IT news outlet back in the day, and everyone there felt that this was just a natural reaction on Sony's side - of course the would remove OtherOS support as soon as people would start using it to hack the system! Somehow, this little nugget of information keeps getting omitted when looking back on the events, giving the impression that Sony just removed OtherOS for no reason at all.
Memory is RAM, not storage. You make it sound like psp had 16gb of RAM.
At least PS3 online didn’t cost money. That was a big reason I never had an Xbox. Didn’t want to pay a monthly fee.
I don't understand how Sony can be so out of touch with the gaming community. Also the PSP was my favorite handheld before the switch. Wish they'd bring it back.
I had no idea the hack was even THAT bad... I remember it was ugly but yeah. Not a top 3 or anything, but I've always felt that Playstation Allstars should have been better. If you're ripping off Smash, and everyone knows, just rip it all off and make it sweet. That super move thing was neat in concept, but it killed the fun.
i see the ps4 and the upcoming ps5 very differently now. ps3 was a huge shadow between ps2 and ps4, especially when they both performed very well
Why isn't ps5 pre orders on this list    I know this video was made bofore that happend
Can’t believe we let them get out of the PSN hack
Memory Stick was not so bad since you could use them with other devices and PSP was a decent media station. But Vita's proprietary memory cards which were useless otherwise was straight up robbery.
Love those relaxing instrumentals where are they from?
Great video, Norman. The next video needs to be about the story of the CD-i, how Phillips tried to enter to the video game industry and failed and how Nintendo lend Mario and Zelda to Phillips for the CD-i. Please, Gaming Historian. Do that video so many people can know more details about the CD-i.
Great video Norm! Hope the master's is going well!
I honestly don’t believe you get enough credit for the quantity and quality of the work you put forward. Your video in regard to the lawsuits with Nintendo and the ESRB drove me to look toward Intellectual Property and Patent Law. Thank you so much!
I’d say that proprietary memory cards is #2. While the PS3 bounced back & ended up being deemed a success overall by the end of its lifecycle, Sony’s mishandling of the Vita has killed the Avenue for more handheld iterations in the foreseeable future.
4:00 and now with the series X and S Xbox are making the same mistake.
Is the misspelled shirt part of the joke?
Didn't Sabu get arrested for the attack? Lulzsec?
Sony biggest mistake not selling their electronic with PlayStation os with capability to run android apps that includes the laptop's , tablets , TV s .. (they already have huge libary of game ) they could simply have preinstalled pstore and psnow
Sony's biggest mistake is their anti-Japanese, anti-anime censorship policy and agenda.
As both a Sony fan and a consumer, that hacking frightened me the most! A big company, such as Sony to get hack and have my private data stolen is abominable. Though I daresay even if google and facebook is stealing data from me, Sony should have protected our private data
talk about atari's defunct
Someone post this on r/facepalm
What about Gaming Historian's 3 Biggest Mistakes?
0. *Ps5* *pre-orders*
Free identity theft protection lmaooo imagine a bank would offer such free features lol
Can I use a Atari 2600 or gensis or master system controller on Fairchild channel F
Meanwhile, the PS5 (Disk version) costs 499 dollars...
dude probably heard the n word so many times he can legally say it
Oh I love Omega Boost
Atari 3 biggest mistakes please
Completely correct on the propriety card nonsense the only reason my Vita's got any use at all is thanks to SD2Vita adapters, The Vita cards were tiny and incredibly unreliable especially considering the price of the things. That machine had so much potential to be amazing, but they seemed to self sabotage it almost immediately.
How do we know Sony isn't lying about the hack?
Sony's #1 biggest mistake: abandoning the PS Vita so early.
I think not supporting the Vita was a huge mistake
Microsoft 3 biggest mistakes
Their latest system software updates for the PS4 7.50 7.51 and 7.55 I inadvertently downloaded 7.51 had to wipe my hard drive to get my system to work again I believe that should be a mistake for a future video
What about Ataris biggest mistakes
METROID Story!!!
i came here expecting minidisk.
And please do an episode on the phenomenon of NFL 2K5
Please do a final fantasy episode
can you do the story of the sonic movie?
You really shouldn't have included those images in the thumbnail. It easily gives away what you're going to talk about.     (Spoilers for the video) What ran through my mind when I saw the thumbnail. "Oh cool, Gaming Historian. Lemme check thi - Oh... Wait it's just the same old 'PlayStation's biggest fails of all time' thing. Which are the failure of the Vita, the PS3 launch price, and that time PSN got hacked."  Lame.
SONY LEFT THE CHAT
I'm not sure but maybe first dvd drives in ps2, which were partialy stopping reading discs(cds or dvds). There was huge lawsuit about it.
I love GH. His production values are top notch and his topics are awesome. Could watch his stuff over and over. Pretty cool to see his videos from 10 years ago and see how far he's come.
6:16 to 6:26 That's typical for the Japanese.
I had to rewatch the video because the first time around, I was distracted by the typo on Norman's shirt, and kept missing bits!
Another awesome episode!
.
It's depressing that people still haven't figured out the PS3's Cell processor was only powerful on paper, and in practice its CPU wasn't even on par with the 360's.
the series x will have proprietary storage too from what i've seen and they'll be very expensive
Microsft Biggest Mistakes pls
Bought a ps3 on day one. Never regret it. IMO the best console system ever.
sony's true biggest mistake: dropping support for the ps vita mere months after the ps4 release, giving it 1gb internal storage with aforementioned proprietary flash storage and pushing it terribly in marketing.   MEANWHILE, nintendo releases the switch 5 years later with essentially the same approach plus docking features, with proper marketing and sd card compatibility and it flips the mobile console market on it's head. nice one sony.
The 360 was only cheaper until you wanted to expand it or add like a wheel controller or a headset, then you discovered you had to buy MS stuff or stuff that was MS approved ie. "taxed" just like they did with the XBOX where for example the four controller connectors are really USB ports just made physically different.  With the PS3 one can use standard blue tooth head sets and keyboards, one can use a wheel that also works with a PC and you can even put in a standard 2½" hard drive or SSD, it is even documented by Sony how to do that. Also comparing initial PS3 sales to the much cheaper Nintendo and dissing Sony for the price of the PS3 is silly since the two products was not really competing, the PS3 being much more powerful and coming with BluRay clearly showed it was target d differently - just compare the games and also the lifespan of the two systems.
Love your videos. Very entertaining and helpful in many ways. Great job. Thank you for the video.
Cancelling the PlayStation 1 too soon.  Cancelling the PSP too soon.  Cancelling the PlayStation 2 too soon.  Not making the PlayStation 4 backwards compatible.
Your biggest mistake: Buying a T-shirt from a seller that can't spell "Essentially."
How about the -three- thirty biggest mistakes of LJN.
I remember the hack like it was yesterday. I was young, so I didn’t have any credit cards or anything. But the hack made time go by way so slow. The PSN shutdown lasted for nearly a month, and it was hard communicating with the people online. When I got the money, I ended up buying an Xbox 360, and basically was history from there for me.
Waiting for Atari's 3 biggest mistakes...
To be fair the PS Vita Card is basically like the memory cards in the PS1 and PS2.
#3, this video's number 1 or refusing to Cross Play with Nintendo and Microsoft #2, Censorship Hypocrisy between Japan and Western titles #1, silencing the masses for Last of Us Part 2 using illegal means And man I miss my PSP, mainly battery being dead. Good video by the way.
The PSN hack, suing Bleem and Connectix, daling with Nintendo and removing Linux form both the PS2 and PS3 in my book are Sony's biggest mistakes.  Yes  DVD and Blu-Ray was an risk but it wasn't an mistake,
Ah, the PSN hack. The first time my credit card info was stolen.
Do street fighter plz
I had never thought that the PS3 had been such a failure
Nintendo's biggest mistake was not partnering with Sony but in hindsight... this is a good reason to be thankful that didnt happen
I remember when it went down, people were freaking out for sure. I wish we could have chose what games we wanted instead of games that were lame and no one really wanted lol.
The PS3 itself was also a horrible system.  It was VERY badly designed, on purpose, to make it hard to develop for.  They gambled that people would develop games for it, and then not port it to other consoles because the PS3 took so many resources.  It backfired, instead games were made for everything but the PS3.  They designed the system with the expectation that the Cell was so powerful that it wouldn't need a GPU.  LOL.  Hint: it wasn't, it was orders of magnitude less powerful than what they claimed.  It actually wasn't very powerful at all, so they had to add a GPU at the last minute, cutting the RAM of the system in half to make up some of the cost (so it wasn't $800).  The Xbox 360 was also garbage, but that was just in build quality, not so much in design/performance.  It had the largest failure rate ever of any console.  The PS5 also shows some early signs of being designed more like the PS3 than the PS4...much more expensive, and basically lying out their asses to hype it.
Phil Harrison is a con artist.  He was "in charge" of the launch of 3 failures.  The PS3.  He did such a bad job that he moved to Microsoft, and said the same stupid stuff about the XB1 (forcing people to pay more for Kinect and also very intrusive DRM, even though they went back on that part).  Then he moved to Google for Stadia and every word out of his mouth was blatant false advertising.  The moral: if you see him in an ad, DO NOT BUY WHATEVER HE IS ADVERTISING.
You are a legend!! Keep it up!
Sony has a long history of being anti-consumer in several markets.
In psp, the use of memory sticks are still acceptable. Since its still used across sony devices. Now what other devices uses psvita cards?
idk, maybe SNK's three biggest mistake?
Since you're on the topic of Sony, could you please do a video on the Sly Cooper franchise? I feel like those games and franchise is severely underrated and Sly Cooper is my favorite Sony character
You left out the taking of free speech from thousands in front off the whole world . Much damaging and a massive mistake. Sony gets all they derserve . Real bad company . Microsoft just as bad before you piont finger shouting fanboy, i dont buy into games .
don't say vita is a mistake! i love ps vita why someone hates it.  for a console, is too good for me because of lbp
Your videos are so so good. I wish for this one you gave titles for every mistake, because sometimes I was a little confused on which exactly was the mistake but otherwise great video.
i love the docs. please keep making them.
He's like a bootleg AVGN
Do Atari next. The story of that company after 1982 is one mistake after another. They could have quite possibly been the biggest video game company in the world today.
i think the baby add was not an ad for the PS3 but an early look at Death Stranding
I think Sony’s Root Kit virus from ~2005 should also be mentioned here; though not a video game exploit, it was a massive attack on the world’s computers per a rather greedy Sony- in their attempts to stump music piracy by taking over the worlds and everyone’s computers, all the while allowing backdoors for genuine hackers.  It was insane, massive exploit, and should have honestly buried Sony.
The main reason why I chose PS3 is free online gaming. It was much more expensive to buy xbox360 and pay monthly/yearly fee for online in my country. Paid online is one giant BS I must say.
Mistake #4: Giant enemy crab
Pls make history of nokia n-gage 🙏
“The still making that CASH tho! $77B annually ain’t ‘accidental cash’.💰💵💎💴🤑” (-James)
Weird I didn't get a notification for this video.  Glad I saw it!
I had all 3 versions of the ps portable consoles.  I still have my psp go, vita and still play to this day.
"PAC-MAN He is esentially what he believes" >esentially  >eSentially    Is that print on his shirt some kind of joke or is it indeed a typo?
Microsoft would be good next video. Most people seem to forget nowadays that their most successful console had such a flawed design to a point it would break on its own (the infamous 3RL).
My credit card info can never be stolen, because I don't have a credit card. CHECKMATE!
I really miss XBL halo3 lone wolves 40 +was a heart pounding ride that was a brilliant but brutal ranking system
(before video) The Vita is brilliant; Sony's only mistake in that regard was treating it like it meant nothing. Remember the Nintendo PlayStation? Sony should of pressured Nintendo harder to make the deal. That was a mistake Sony made, though arguably, it might of been for the better.
The original Xbox 360 was cheaper but it was rushed to market and was very unreliable compared to the PS3.  The original Xbox 360 lacked many hardware features like rechargeable controllers, hdmi,slot loading, easily upgrade able hard drive, hardware backwards compatibility and you had to pay extra for a WiFi dongle
Ferris Bueller on Sony's biggest mistakes.
OMG Omega Boost was TIGHT
Where'd your long hair go you looked metal af with that or more like underoath/saosin
I bought a PS3 when it came out because it was half the price of a BluRay player and I figured if they lost the video war at least I had a game system. Oh and Lair sucked lol
These mistakes made by Sony are nothing compared to big which is they moved their HQ to California. Because of that move everything went down hill from here.
Magnavox odyssey
now for microsoft
The reason for these mistakes really highlight Sony's hubris.
Atari had way more then three mistakes.  Still would be interesting to hear.
Yeah that PS3 launch was rough. In the end it ended up one of my favorite systems though.
Always love when I see new videos from this channel :)
the emoji movie
The PS3 Launch made the Sega Saturn wanted to sneak in quietly
One of the huge mistakes for Sony was they no longer cared of the Crash Bandicoot Franchise. This causes Sony for no fast attraction for the PS3 and PS4 with no video game mascot, And those repeated games are so annoying like First Person Shooting Games.  Edit: Sure the Crash Bandicoot Trilogy was released but that’s not gonna bring those gamers who were addicted to Call of Duty, Fortnite and GTA.
Preach, brother.   I truly believe that had Sony allowed the Vita to use standard micro-SD cards, it would still be selling today. Probably an updated version, but still.
Xbox biggest mistakes next
Hi, @Gaming Historian. I just want to note you did a great job with the 3 Biggest Mistakes for each video game company. So, I was wondering. When will you release a documentary about the "History of The PlayStation?" When will you note about how the PlayStation came to be. From the broken deal with Nintendo to today.
Microsoft plz
*Me around a bunch of young people saying shit on Xbox and Nintendo, and tells me that PS4 is the best*  Me: *Look at these fanboys*   They don't even play playstation exclusives... *big brain moments* 😂😂😂😂
Man I really wish you’d do a in depth Tecmo video, to this day I still play Tecmo Super Bowl, and Tecmo made a ton of great sports games, then just vanished, what happened??? It’d be a great episode like the Tengin one!!!
Owned a PS3. It’s the reason I switched to XBOX in the next gen. Not going back.
great video keep them going
Factor 5 known for Star Wars....... correction, Factor 5 known for TURRICAN!
Wanna know the weirdest thing about the PS3 demo’s infamous “RIIIDGE RACERRR” gag? The original Ridge Racer game was never once officially included in the PSN store for download. That implies that Kaz was running a pirated rom of the game on custom firmware, which isn’t exactly legal and would have reflected very poorly on Sony, especially at the time.
The problem with the psp and vita in the US is that the ppl that could afford them and wanted one all drive. At least that's the case for me. I would always play my game boy on the school bus to and from school. When I got my first job and car I got a pop with my first check. I never played it because as soon as I got home from school and work I would only my console. If more adults used public transportation the psps and vita would have done way better IMO.
You know what's really crazy? The original Vita prototype had *both* HDMI out *and* SD card storage support. That means some executive at Sony looked at this amazing system, went "nah, we don't need all that", and had those features *removed*.   Because who needs a handheld system you could dock to your TV that used SD card storage, right?
The vita having nearly no third party support and mod chips being a huge thing for psx and ps2
no native sdcard support killed the vita. it could have been the switch years before the switch existed. good job sony.
Subscriptions to pay online... Only reason why I nevee bought PS4
Do Yahoo! next
Yet PS3 beat XBOX 360 in the end
Sony's biggest mistakes: arrogance and greed.
So... the bread and butter here.  1) PS3 launching for $599. As SONY trounced the competition in the Playstation 2 era... all they had to do was not massively screw it up. And, at least for the first half of the generation, they did. So many oversights, including not settling the lawsuit and licensing the rumble technology as well as forcing blu-ray just a little bit too early. I think they could have gone DVD-9 (dual layer DVD's) and had plenty of space at 9GB. The plan would have been for the console to live roughly 4 years as they got a year behind the 360. I'd have planned for the PS4 to launch 4 years after the PS3 did. Would have allowed the PS3 to be much much cheaper, come out sooner, and a smoother transition into the PS4 without a herd of people still a bit sore from paying nearly $650 after tax for just the console....many paying MUCH more, scalpers were in hog heaven. Supply was so low, because yield on making the bluray lasers was so poor. IIRC only like 3-4 out of every 10 lasers were actually usable.  2) The memory card thing. I mean, if you think about it... it's standard practice for a console. Why not get mad that the PS2 or Xbox didn't allow SD cards? Or the N64, or Game Cube... I get it, it's a dumb move. Sure. Do it for defeating piracy, I get that. Don't price it so stupidly high that your going to enrage customers though. THAT was the failure.  3) Yeah. The PSN hack. Yep. REALLLLLLLY stupid.
Sony's arrogant stance on cross-play... Also, PS Now being unreasonably priced for how lame it has been, especially at launch.  Though I think you nailed it with the top 3. Heck, 2 of those could well be in the top 3 mistakes from any big game company in the last decade.
Just one little comment on Sony Betamax. I think it’s not completely fair to compare it to Sony Memory Stick cards for the following reason. When Sony developed the Betamax tape format, there was not successful consumer home recording tape format on the market at the time.  Sony had tried to create such a market in 1972 with the release of the U-Matic videocassette format but that failed in the consumer for reasons such cost, the fact that issues with the tape magnetic coating formulations used early version of the U-Matic tape format often became unrealiable after on a short period of use, among other issues. Soon they pivot U-Matic towards the media production/TV studio market instead.  Phillips tried to compete with U-Magic in the early 70’s with their Video Cassette Recording (VCR) format (not to be confused with Video Cassette recorder (VCR’s). It also was not a success at the time. Other briefly existed too such as Cartrivision (built-in to select TV models and thus the first TV/VCR combos; also first home movie format), V-Cord (Sanyo), and VX (Aka The Great Time Machine) (Matsushita). None of those really took off in the consumer space outside of niche use by wealthy consumers. When Sony developed Betamax they were working with a market that did not yet exist. JVC was working on VHS at around the same time and Phillip’s followed their failed Video Cassette Recording format with Video2000, a much improved cassette format (over VCR). Video2000 only came out in Europe and never caught on, but for a while that meant that there were three competing formats in Europe. In the U.S. it was Betamax and VHS. The issue for Sony was not that they pushed their only proprietary format for home recording but rather mistakes made in the early design and how long they chose to remain in the market when it was clear that VHS was the winner of that format war.   The first mistake Sony make with Betamax was only having a maximum recording time of 60 min on Betamax I VCR’s, which was based on the fact that the earlier U-Matic format was only 60 min.  This was fine for U-Matic as it was by then primarily a TV studio/station format where most programs where an hour or less in length but unsuitable for home user who wanted to record a whole prime-time lineup of shows or a TV movie or sports broadcast. Another reason for the short Betamax I record time was the Sony being stuck on the smaller tape size vs VHS, thus limiting the amount of tape inside. VHS had larger tape cartridge size, thus more tape lengths and thus a 2 hour recording time out of the gate (later expanded that through the addition of EP/SLP recording modes that gave you up to 6 hours on a standard 120 cassette).  Betamax II fixed that issue but at the expense of BetaMax I’s slightly better picture quality vs VHS.    By the 1980’s Betamax and VHS were equal video quality-wise and largely competed only on features with each always being able to match the other in that area. Ultimately, the reason VHS won was likely a) Content producers/distributers and video rental stores favoring VHS, many different VCR manufacturers producing many VHS VCR models, and consumers buying VHS/VHS-C camcorders over the record-only failed Sony BetaMovie camcorders and thus wanting a VHS VCR for home movie playback. It was really only Sony refusing to see the writing on the wall until the late 80’s (when they produced their first VHS VCR) in this case.  This is quite different then the market Sony faced when they developed MemoryStick. There was already a successful market for memory card formats including SD/MicroSD, Smart Media, and Compact Flash. This is much like how Sony pushed it’s ATRAC audio codecs format over MP3 in it’s early MP3 players (ATRAC was derived from the codec used on MiniDiscs, much more successful product abate only in Japan and Europe).
The xperia play
arrogance is the downfall of every third console
When ps3 released I bought xbox 360.thank god
I vote microsoft.
the hacking b-roll at 12:00 hurts my insides.
This might sound like a nitpick, but generally in the computer space people use the word *storage* when they're talking about memory cards, not *memory* . The word memory is usually reserved for nonpermanent storage like RAM. Just something to consider for the future :)
You should add in yet another big mistake (or "Ball Drop" if you will) for Sony and that was - The PlayStation Classic. Such a major disappointment & could have a major money maker just on nostalgia alone but man was that a huge flop (and loaded with technical issues), shame...
Great video!
I defend the launch price of the PS3. People seem to forget that Blu-Ray players by themselves could cost upwards of $1000 at the time. Look at it that way and you were basically buying a Blu-Ray player and getting a free game system.
Trusting a company is a dumb thing to do in general. They aren't your friends. Don't make excuses for them when they make bad products, it's embarrassing.
Really enjoyed this. Great job.
Sony's biggest mistakes:  1. PlayStation 1 2. PlayStation 2 3. Playstation 3 4. Playstation 4  More mistakes pending
Just finished the Netflix series High Score and it was abysmal. Please, never stop the hard and amazing work you do for us unworthy nerds, we're all eternally grateful.
You deserve at least a million subs friend, your work is always stellar!
@ least sony learned from their mistakes. Psn is WAY better than ms store now... & windows is a flaming pile of crap @ this point
Microsoft biggest mistakes would take forever to decide on..
Fun fact: I bought a cheapo $5 TV Stick because Netflix was too slow on my PS4 Pro. Worked fine on everything else, but my PS4 Pro just couldn't handle it.
The cancelation of Socom :(
Vita memory cards killed the system before it came out. Everyone I knew skipped the system because of it
Most PS3 purchasers: "I will work more to buy one"  A dumb 25 year old me: "I will put it on a credit card and begin my path to bankruptcy!"
I think the biggest mistake was to not publish Pokémon when Game Freak knocked at the door - Pokémon Company is printing money since then...
while i want to see microsoft's mistakes next, let's just go back in time for now. Atari could be a start but you have covered so many of their stuffs
Playstation plus for me ps3 was the best free online ps4 I've played less thanks to it's 40 to 50 quid a year iam going pc gaming as they gonna put games on pc now why pay to play online sony could of saved it if it was like 10 quid a year or free just have adverts
I hope you tackle Microsoft Studios's 3 biggest mistakes too. It'd also be interesting to see the biggest mistakes by some third-party game companies.
Also a big issue with the Vita Memory Card is that the hugely unreliable. Sometimes they would just randomly loose all their data. This happened to me several times. Would turn on my Vita and everything was gone. Haven't lost any data since I started using a 512GB MicroSD Card.
Vita has a problem it sucks when it is subjected to cold weather it will break down easily than the 3ds
Was it just me or did he say $171 million by the article headline said $172? Idk why it bothers me but it does lol. Anyway, loved to see Microsoft next.
This is real! Not always  bout 💰 but sometimes in these days, what's the point of spending untold dollars for a game when a cheaper made 1 comes in as a better game/system.
Proprietary memory cards kept me from buying a Vita
Such a great channel
Can you put in chapters
Glad i waited till 2010 to buy a PS3 slim 120gb, first game was Darksiders, good times.
Here's a thought...Sony should have bought Rare instead of Microsoft...I feel they would have better appreciated them and we'd have Banjo Fivie by now.
It was not a mistake it was Greed, the price is still to expensive till this day
hello helloo Gaming historian I am really enjoying your videos a lot hope you have a wonderful day go get em tiger.🐯
Add the vr headset to that list.
the ps3 was hard to program and expensive
Can we have the story of The Legend of Zelda
I can remember the decision years ago buying either a Blu-Ray-Player or a PS3, both with the same price. In the end i wasn‘t a friend of the Playstation and bought a „real“ stand-alone player. Today i regret it a bit.
I feel that sony's move to pay to play multiplayer was due to the data breach. I hate it though.
I don't normally agree with "Anonymous" however in this instance, I do.  When you pay for something, you own everything that comes in that box including the box itself.  It is yours to do what you will with it.  You could leave it outside to get stolen, you can set it on fire if you want. To me, buying a PlayStation 3 is nothing more than buying a apple from the supermarket.  You can make apple cider, apple juice, apple pie, apple sauce, or just cut it up and eat it raw.  You can do whatever you want to with that apple cause you paid the $0.79 for it.  Playstation 3 is exactly that.  A very, very expensive apple.  You can hack it, jailbreak it, take parts out of it and replace parts with another broken machine.  As for the games, so what if a home brew is made.  People are still making games for the original Nintendo Entertainment System, so what if it does not have the official Seal of Quality from Nintendo.  Just as long as it does not contain any characters from a copyrighted source.  I could make a platformer where the main character is a walking tree.
Your videos of the three biggest mistakes are very good, a Great Trilogy of videos. Well I'm waiting for the one from Atari.  oh but that would no longer be a trilogy>_<greetings from chile
I’d like to see one on Atari. From a giant to a company I barely hear about. I do like to know how that happened.
Xbox Studios’ 3 biggest mistakes when? I’d be curious to hear what you have to say
Hey, TGH. I’ve been enjoying your videos. Since you’ve done the stories of Super Mario Bros. 2, Super Mario Bros. 3, Super Mario Land, and Mario Paint, why not do Super Mario World? Maybe you can give us a hint on what video you’re currently making/thinking of making? Also, do Atari’s 3 biggest mistakes.  That’s all, bye.
i buyed the xbox 360 over ps3 mainly because cheaper and it worked with pirated games
Sorry, I’m trying to listen a but the bass is too bumpin
Funny, I could've sworn the policy stated "Lifetime Support of ID Fraud protection". I had just bought MK 9 when that happened. I was really disappointed that the newer PS3 models wouldn't have PS2/PS1 emulation anymore. That was one of the features I loved about the system. Those versions are now like twice the price than the newer ones I believe.  Also, When the PS3 launched, people were going nuts over it for a few months, maybe even 6 months until they had finally got a PS3. People were selling their PS3's online for thousands of dollars. Sony missed out on all of that money because of their shortage like Nintendo. Although, Nintendo won in the end because parents were buying their kids GameCube's for X-mas because they couldn't get a PS3 or Wii that holiday.  Sony had to pay that company for each system or controller they sold that featured Dual Shock technology which was already patented. Although I do give them credit for giving their fans a BLU RAY, SUPER AUDIO CD (surround sound), Optical outputs, HDMI and Wireless and self-charging controllers (no other adapters needed, in comparison to the Wii, which used batteries/ and battery packs that you had to recharge).  You gotta give Sony some credit for their online service because it was FREE at the time and compared to what you would pay for X-box Live support ( I was personally against it because I'm already giving them my money for other things and still paying internet service), considering that you could use TVersity and other apps to run software and networks through the system (I.E. playing movies off of your HD on your computer on your PS3 downstairs). Xbox couldn't do that, not for free. They were also the only system at the time that had compatibility between their console and handheld, as much as it wasn't perfect, it was still there and people were using it. PS3 Also had better 1080P support, which was the bee's knees at the time (at least with young adults).
Didn't Ken Kutaragi demand a last minute change to include 8 SPUs in the PS3 instead of the original 6 just because he liked the number.
The Playstation 3 was also packing way too much features at launch. It had 10 thousands ports (SD and many more) that were removes in the next iteration (a part would open next to the disk bay to reveal the ports in the pricy version). They went for retrocompatibility with PS2 which required another read head. It was very very expensive to make and wasn’t useful. I remember the salesman told me, when both versions were on sale, that it was dumb to pay for retrocompatibility: « if you have playstation 2 games, you have a playstation 2. You then don’t need retrocompatibility. » He was so right...
The failure of the vita was the success of the switch
Do a video on the ique player
PS3 is my favorite console ! Ever
Sony's biggest mistake was designing the ps5 controller to close to an Xbox controller
You were vague on credit cards as part of the PSN hack, they definitely were stolen. My credit card was actually used for fraudulent purchases right after that hack. The card I only used for PSN.
Pony fan boys want this video removed from YT
Great video!  I totally agree that the Vita would have been a big success if it weren't for those stupid memory cards!!!  I can't believe they didn't learn after the PSP???? Whoever had that bright idea is hopefully no longer with the company! Even through the big hack in 2011 sucked!  It made Sony a better company, and forced them to fix PSN. The free games program is still alive, and well today. Even Microsoft adopted the idea!  They seemed to have learned their lesson with the PS4. Let's just hope that carries over in to PS5 .
It attacc  It protecc   ...oh wait.
Lol "Nintendo couldn't keep up with the demand." Some things never change.
This whould fit better if ps1 classic was on the list
Sorry but your video is kinda coming off as anti Sony/PlayStation......down voted you
I remember getting $10 on my psn account because of that Hack (DDoS).
ngl ,  i dont like how YT props up ppl like i dont wanna name drop but Scott the Woz.  Kid is cool but gets annoying with how he just yells shit for "lolz"  and they push his vids to the max .  805K view in 24 hrs and this guy ,  an actual like long term creator that doesn't plop out a turd video every week and I barely get to see when he does upload.  it took me a week to see this .
The Vita was massively overrated.  It's power was soon eclipsed by smartphones which had a much smaller and more rugged form factor.  The big problem with the Vita is that it feels heavy and extremely fragile.  I don't want to take it with me.  To this day, the only portable console I play is the GBA with the brighter backlight.
console peasants still dont learn.
SONY lost my trust forever in the 2005 Windows rootkit scandal. Yet it somehow managed to go downhill ever since! Bloody liars! Also, you remember the lies about denying having added motion sensing to the controller in a hurry after discovering Nintendo’s Wii Remotes?
#4 Sony Handhelds #5 UMD
I'm a big Sony fan and personally I feel that their biggest mistake is an ongoing one. They simply don't support the products they release. You can be sure whenever you buy a Sony product that (unless it's a flagship one) that it won't be supported, won't get updates and won't be advertised to more people. People like to blame the memory cards but neither the PS Vita nor PlayStation TV was really advertised or supported in a meaningful way. PS TV died after a year and the only reason the Vita survived as long as it did was because it had a small but dedicated developer- and fan base. I mean half their games didn't even work on the PS TV simply because the developers weren't told by Sony to "flip the PS TV switch"...
A most excellent video. Hubris of an entertainment giant.
idk, Sony was right, even though the PS3 price was more expensive than an Xbox 360, it still outsold the Xbox 360.
ddos isnt being hacked
The blue ray is why they came out ahead in the end
i remembered it was 1995
xobox three mistakes video requst
Another Sony's mistakes was that they've been censoring T and M rated because they've threaten by the feminist SJW group and they used that stupid #metoo movement to make them cave in
So... how is PSN today to when the hacking happened and how does it compare today to xbox live?
Nice to have you back
Everyone: What could the mistakes be?! Me: What could his shirt say?!
Suggestion: The development of Pokemon Red & Blue
I still use my PS Vita til this day. I really wish Sony hadn't use those stupid memory cards. I had to import a 64GB one from Japan because they aren't sold in the US. Someday I hope to get a spare Vita and hack it to use one of those adapters. I bought a Vita for me and my wife on release day and she never really used hers thanks to the price of the games vs the free ones on her phone.
Didnt we see this video before?
They are doing it again now with censoring games on PS4, and PS5 not being backwards compatible with PS1-3 games.
Looking forward to some discussion on Red Ring.
So the next one would be Microsoft... I can already tell that number one is going to be Windows ME
ninetendos da beddah compenny
3:27 "Nintendo 3DS costs (a newly reduced from $250 as soon as Vita was announced) $170"  The Sony BMG rootkit scandal should probably rank above the PS3. That at least ended up selling about on par with the 360, and who knows how much they made from licensing.
You missed the removal of backwards compatibility on the ps3
I'd love to see you do Acclaim's three biggest mistakes just because I wanna see how one person could possibly narrow it down to three.
I have a ps vita already and I left the ps vita fully charged and I forgot to put it in the charge and I left it for 2 days and it didn’t lost any charge. Wow Sony really worked so hard.
Sony in 2020 : Please 10$ per month to connect to internet. lol
It's an argument that's existed since the conception of the PS3, and those that know the PS3 will just never be able to properly convey it. I agree with EVERYTHING he mention, even as a huge fan of and advocate for Sony and PlayStation, which is impressive in and of itself as at the end of the day, I'm actually more of a 90's SEGA fan. SEGA dug their own grave, but it's Sony that burried them so you'd think I'd be bitter and I sort of was, but I'd been subjected to Sony long before as in my household my older brother and I shared a PlayStation while he had a Saturn and later got a Dreamcast. But, the second point he made regarding PS3, which for consumers and developers may be true as it caused a lot of heartache not only for consumers, but in a way, the industry suffered as a result of it, but I had no problem paying $500 for my 60GB PS3 and still feel it was worth it today. Why? Innovation. Just like Tim Sweeney stated the PS5 SSD is revolutionary and will change the way gaming is thought about, with a drive way ahead of PC architecture now, that's what the PS3 was. Sure it was said to be difficult to program for, I'm not a developer so I don't know, but look at what it's done for the industry. Xbox uses Blu-ray disc itself, not HD DVD. The Wii U used Blu-ray technology though Nintendo didn't use the Blu-ray name to save on license fees. Consoles and PCs now use 8-core processors, at the time it was only four.  Ken Kutaragi was an innovator, he was smart and ahead of his time that took so many others so much time to catch up, Kutaragi wanted to work, everyone else just wanted to get drunk. Today, everything is off the shelf because they saw what trying to be innovative did, cost a lot of money and frustrated lazy uneducated people and doesn't fit the universal business model. So, look at the PS5 and Xbox Series X. Identical hardware that leads to predictability or some corporate sabotage happened somewhere and now, technology advances at a much slower pace. Microsoft was using ATI while Sony was working with nVidia and consoles were totally different and unique, now, because everyone's afraid to offend and lose business, AMD owns the console market and nVidia are for the PC guys, so devs are eventually going to have to learn to get along with nVidia eventually when consoles fizzle out and the competition goes back to AMD vs Nvidia. But, now Microsoft can ask AMD well, what are you building for Sony? Oh, okay, just build that for us too and everyone will have the same hardware but can't play the competitions game. With the previous way of doing things, it was different hardware and thus a reason to buy both to see who could push their hardware the most, which all star development company Naughty Dog loves to do and Sony gives them the hardware allowing them to do what they do, wow the world, and the envy of Microsoft and Nintendo. The PS3 was revolutionary, at a cost it's true, but big leaps in technology aren't cheap, but the PS3 had a ten year life cycle, PS4 only had six.  Sony PS3 I'll argue. It's popular to say it was a failure but I disagree, the PS3 was a beast and really set the tone for the future of gaming while Microsoft just coasted along, and the PS3 still outsold the Xbox 360 overall, it had stamina and so to this day, Microsoft still always trails in third place, every generation.
Imagine my shock when my email info didn't get compromised from the PSN hacks, but it did when Funimation got hacked.
Those PSN hacks were rough times to be a gamer.
2:32 It was not 9 dollars. It was 25 dollars but a 15 dollar mail in rebate!
There are several other Sony mistakes that I can name just on the top of my head:  1. The Last of Us 2 leaks and literally the entire fiasco that brought  2. No cross-play  3. PS1 Classic  4. Censorship policy that is completely arbitrary as it only affects niche anime games yet doesn’t affect games like Last of Us 2, adding hypocrisy to that alongside being arbitrary.  5. PS Move
Love that 70's porn - sounding intro 👍
You need to do one for some of the mid/late 90s stuff like the making of Zelda Ocarina of Time, Goldeneye 007, Super Mario 64, Crash Bandicoot trilogy, Final Fantasy VII, etc. I enjoy your channel a lot. You and strafefox make the highest quality and most informative videos. 👏🙏👍
Do Microsoft next onegaishimasu 🙏
hah i  remember my old sony ericsson phone used that format for storage
9:32 "remember the baby ad?"  The fact you still remember it all these years later shows that the ad did pretty much what it was intending to do.
Yeah you missed the biggest Sony mistake of all! Around the late 90's I had a great idea for a vidoegame... I went to Sony's website and found a link where you could email your game ideas. I spent the next few hours carefully crafting an email detailing the game in its entirety.... I hit Send.. a few seconds went by... and BAM! An autoreply email stating they don't accept game ideas. :(
Xbox live may have been great in the US, but outside the US it wasn’t worth paying for. So PSN was great during the PS3 era. It was free! Back then it didn’t make sense to pay extra to play online. And you bought what your friends bought to play with them. I know one person that had an xbox, and he sold it and got a PS3 cause he had to pay to play online, xbox live didn’t offer the same things as in the US, and no one else had an xbox!
Removal of backwards compatibility.
forgot PSvita. it was a mistake.
stadia biggest mistake
Nice video. I think you should include the terminated retro compatibility.
I'd completely forgotten that the Vita wasn't on the memory stick duo or whatever format that Sony wanted to make mainstream— it was literally just proprietary PS Vita memory. LMAO. I think the Vita was a great handheld but it deserved to die based off of that alone.
This channel is one of the few subs i have where i automatically like the video before even watching the video, just because i know its gonna be good 👍🏼
Sony's proprietary memory is a huge buggaboo. :) I think the PS3 with Blu Ray was a good idea that was too early... sort of like Microsoft's lack of HDMI at launch of the 360.  Sony was the last company to hold out on the lawsuit. Everyone else paid up.
My biggest problem with the vita was that stupid touch pad on the back. If they had found a way to integrate real l2/r2 buttons, I'd still use mine alot for remote play.
you show the vita slim but the vita slim has 1gb of  internal memory
When Sony released the PS3 Super Slim.
Next is Microsoft
Sonys biggest mistakes 1. Betamax  2. Mini Disc or UMD (WTF was that about) 3. The playstation classic Now im worried a bit
Sony should have stuck to Walkmans and Discmans.
Sony's biggest mistake was to not buy Halo
The song that plays at the end is actually the song that plays when you oil up and hit the gym with Norm 😏 🏋️‍♀️
How about PlayStation TV ?
Do a video on the Sony PlayStation 1 and Lara Croft Tomb Raider the  Resident Evil games
I’d really love to see a video on castlevania!
I understand that for the flow of the episode the Vita was number 3 but honestly they bounced back from the PS3 Launch and that launched helped the PS4 become the undisputed winner this generation but the Vita which I liked more than my Switch in terms of portability simply has expensive memory to this day that keeps it from being the best Handheld worst mistake second only to the PSN Hack...
minidiscs! <3
God I wish sony hadn't bungled the vita so badly, its one of my favorites!
Hello from 2020 👋🏾
Lol if this never happened Sony would be Google-esque right now.   I remember those days.   I quit gaming altogether after the attack
Ps vita hack isn't simple. In fact, it's still complicated till this day.
And people wonder why sony doesn't want crossplay? I remember them asking Microsoft and Microsoft saying no, because sony were losing at that time. You gotta respect sony for the huge come back on ps3 and ps4.
"to combat piracy".. yeah you know what happens if you copy a psvita game onto the memory card manually??  it.. doesnt even show up on the menu :D if you rebuild the database it WILL show up, but it'll just tell you to download it again from the PS Store. the only exception is *some* Demo games. . .  and besides, Sony could have easily encrypted the exFAT partition on the cards . . . and then you wouldnt be able to read / write anything from it anyway.
Wow I totally didn't even realise that the PS3 launched with no controller vibration. That's fucking mental in hindsight lol even the fucking PS1 had a dual shock ffs!
All they had to do was add a screen to a Playstation controller and they would have had the perfect psp... How did they screw that up? I'm still waiting. Damn it, Nintendo figured it out!  Why not call the vita the psp2? Damn it sony, I should be working there, I'd have way better ideas.
Hubz's biggest mistake: misspelling essentially and then having Norm wear the shirt on his show and confusing everyone with an inside joke.
Do Microsoft next!
if it wasnt for the hack i would never have played wipeout, it was worth it
Here’s another censorship. 🤬😡🤬😡🤬
-I never cared if you were “gay“ until you started shoving it in my face, and the faces of our children.  -I never cared what colour you were, until you started blaming my race for your problems.  -I never cared about your political affiliation until you started to condemn me for mine.  -I never cared where you were born until you wanted to erase my history and blame my ancestors for your current problems.  -I never cared if you were well-off or poor, until you said you were discriminated against, when I was promoted because I worked harder.  -I never cared if your beliefs were different from mine, until you said my beliefs were wrong.  Now I care!  My patience and tolerance are gone.  I’m not alone in feeling this way there are millions of us who do......and we have had enough!
Sonys biggest mistake was not stopping after the PS2
Gosh I got chills just thinking about PSN's shutdown. It feels like it was yesterday! At least I had the opportunity to play Infamous which otherwise I probably wouldn't have experienced at all.
I remember Everquest went down due to that big SOE hack.
I can't possibly be the only one who misses the old opening music and animation.
One mistake was the placement of the analog stick on the PSP. I remember being really irked by it because it wasn't great for FPS. The whole memory and storage issue sucked big time as well. Both the PSP and Vita were otherwise great systems.   As for the PS3, it was touted as being more advanced than the other systems, but was apparently harder to program for, much like the Sega Saturn. That high price point really began to hurt when the economy tanked in 2008. That being said, I got one before a 360 because of Valkyria Chronicles and Fallout 3. Also I recall they were looking into the systems using the internet to communicate and combine the power of the cell processors, much like cloud computing.   And for my last observation, what? No mention of Playstation Home?
I saw a guy who claimed he got mac os on his PS3. Is that even possible  ?
I remember when Sony tried to tell us all, that vibration was last gen, but I knew they happened to be in litigation at the time. To me, it was a slap in the face of our intelligence as gamers. And yet people settled for it. Thank you.
oh my god, the sixaxis...that was horrible...
I'm 100% sure, the Nintendo Switch eShop also runs from a webpage. That's why it feels SO SLOW...
your gonna have to add another one to this, labeled PS5 pre-orders.
Uh weren't the Playstation 1/Playstation 2 the first times that Sony used proprietary memory cards?
Great video and great job! Keep up the awesome work!!
The ps vita was an amazing portable console and the only problem with it was sony itself, they never supported their console only a few good games. A lot of pontential wasted
Wait... Ridge Racer 7 wasn't terribly exciting?? I beg to differ! I'm still playing it now, and the Vita and PSP ones :) I hugely miss classic RR, it used to be a traditional PS launch game until the PS4... I would give anything for Ridge Racer 8 for the PS5, with raytracing, and looking like the old FMV intros (probably far better in theory)  Oh man, I know there will be some people with me on this ;)
This is way better than that crappy show about the gaming industry on netflix. Keep up the good work!
I can't believe you proudly display the Aladdin Deck Enhancer on your prime shelf, lol.
Can't wait for Microsofts 3 biggest mistakes and number one is just "tv tv tv tv tv tv tv tv"
The Vita could have been the perfect handheld if Sony wasn't so greedy
I think we are actually seeing Sony making a huge mistake right now.   Withholding the PS5’s Releasedate and -price for this ridiculous amount of time makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.
I'm pretty sure the high cost PS3 being because of Bluray is factually wrong; it was because of the cell processor. Before the PS3 was even released, several movie studios had already embraced the Bluray to be their next media in contrast to the small hand full that chose DVD-HD (and about half of them also decided to use Bluray, releasing on both formats simultaneously). The real cost was the cell processors, which were new, expensive and slow to make, and proprietary. The slow churning out of PS3s in it's early release was strictly because they couldn't get the processors fast enough.
If you want to play ppsspp on your phone and not worry about memory sticks this is what I followed. https://youtu.be/WYEVBcXZ0Xs
What about the play station classic
The craziest thing out of all of this, is that we still don't even know who did it.  I wonder how many if any people had unauthorized charges on their credit cards etc...
Mistakes were definitely made
They really got greedy with the psp memory cards. I remember back in 2005, were i’m from (est europe) it was extremly hard to find those to buy. The price on them was dumb expensive. One 2gb card was about the price of 3 games.
I know this didn't fix the Vita's problems, but I haven't seen any mention in the video or comments that the 2nd model of the Vita did include 1 GB of internal storage. IDK, the Vita was a mess, but I hoped for almost the entirety of its lifespan that Sony would do right by it eventually. At least Nintendo got it right with the Switch.
Nintendo Switch have Internal Storage 32 GB and most Cheaper MicroSD Card thanks to Nintendo. PSVITA have No Internal Memory and was Expensive Proprietary Memory Card.
Do NEC next!
Great video. Next could be Microsoft! Thank you for the amazing work
OK the PS3 price, and I said this back then too, wasnt overpriced. We all heard of the Red ring of death, bought mine in 08 and died in 15 months, on top of the 60 per year for Xbox live. Adding in those costs over the 5 year period put it on par with the xbox 360 price. My 60 GB CECHA01 unit purchased in 2005 is still going today. This is the only fully backwards compatible PS3, despite the 60GB memory. Should of hit on the 6 games at launch instead.
Just stumbled upon your channel. Liked and subscribed. Thank you for your content. You've made a new fan.
Sony's biggest mistake is not releasing english version of Ys VIII on region 3 Asia!
FIVE HUNDRED AND NINETY NINE YOU ESS DOLLARS
Even with the memory card thing I still have my Vita. I love it regardless of the issues and lack of support
Yet after this blunders, Microsoft found a way to fck it up with the Xbox One launch
Another great video. anyone who has owned Sony stuff (myself included) has always been really irritated by them forcing everyone to use their own in brand accessories. that's why I don't use any Mac products.
do Atari Three Biggest Mistakes?
Untalented folks working for and making big decisions in giant corporations. One would think by the time Sony got to the Vita someone would have had brains and balls enough to at least offer some resistance to the group/groups that made the final decision on that one. Maybe someone did - nonetheless, stupidity prevailed.
id trade a finger for a PSX system
Dude, I'm such a huge fan & proud supporter. Congrats on your first day of graduate school. I'd love to see Eternal Darkness get the Gaming Historian treatment.
their trash CEO Kenichiro Yoshida was the reason the company's sales plummeted in Japan then he moved the company the to California like a coward because of how salty and angsty he was at how much the mobile industry is making compared to the console market.
Drm that bricked your PC, though that was Sony Music. But ever since then I haven't bought a single sony product. I go out of my way to check whether sony is attached to the product in some way before making a purchase.  Not their TVs, not their cameras, not their movies, not their music and not their games and game consoles.
I'd like to see Atari mistakes next.  They made some whoopers.
6:36 THE BANANARANG!!!!
You should do a video on silent hill
The Playstation Move & Playstation TV was another huge 2 that Sony made.
More content!!!
Yeah the PSP Go was a silly idea. It may have been neat for some, but it was a niche market at best. They spent all that time trying to convince the world that UMD was a good thing, and then turned around and said "Here's, UMD's don't matter!"
Atari's THIRTY biggest mistakes.
I was one of those lucky kids that got a ps3 for Christmas back when it came out,there was so many issues with the ps3 my original gb phat backwards compatible automatically reset its data 2x and I had to re earn my trophys back time and time again,I'm surprised I still have my main account even after the hack of 2010
I went with a 360 at first to because it was cheaper, until....no built in wifi, had to buy an adapter that cost like 50 bucks. Wireless controllers used AA BATTERIES. Forgot how much those rechargeables cost. Oh, and my 360 didn’t have hdmi. Imagine my disappointment when I got my 1st hdtv and my hdmi cord was useless. Oh yea, no blue ray.  When I got my ps3 ,which was what I originally wanted, I never looked back. The ps3 was really futuristic technology for the time and really was a value console for 600.
Nest up, Microsoft, Apple, Commodore, and/or Atari
And the next... Microsoft.
The follow up to this really should be Nintendo's biggest mistakes for obvious reasons.
The two first problems come directly from Sony being more than just a videogames company. The products and developments of other departments interfering in their video consoles where the main problem. They chose not to make the best product possible with the hope of making more profit from their other investments.
Can't wait for Sony to shut down and go bankrupt.
Oh SORNY...
I think Sony was right about the rumble thing. I’ve never in my life thought a vibrating controller was anything but agitating and stupid. Who would actually buy a rumble pak for 64? Nowadays it’s standard but still annoying... Does anyone anywhere really ask for this?
The no transparency on the hack was bad for both parties. Like shit I wouldnt be suprised if any higher ups 86ed themselves from a data breach this foolish and historical
I thought they never sold a console for at a loss? That was a interesting debate at the time Some of this can apply to their camera division.
I remembered getting a ps vita to play lots of classic os 2 games, and was bummed out by the fact that you can't play ps vita game WITHOUT memory cards. I searched store within store to look for a cheap one, some has it but it was bloody expensive and some says that the vita isn't that popular anymore, so they don't have it. I LUCKILY have a good friend that gave me a memory card for free and now the vita is free from dust and soot.
I Love My Vita but I don’t Think The Proprietary Memory Cards Were the Only Thing To Bring it Down, Cost $300 at Launch and That’s Too Much Limited Library at Launch and Sony Just Abandoned It Shortly After PS4 Launch So From 2014 Onwards Because They Wanted To Kick MicroSoft/Xbox 1 in The Mouth which They Kind of Eventually Did! Some Great Games on Vita Though, TearAway, Gravity Rush, KillZone Mercenaries ( which is One of My Favorite FPSs of All Time)! Plus Many Others!
I was loving the wii virtual console I played the ps3 off line mostly
Ps3 to sony was a BOMB!
Sony had become increasingly complacent from the monumental success of the PS2 up to the PS3 launch.  The same smug mentality affected Nintendo after the Wii launch going into the Wii U. Both the PS3 and the Wii U had disastrous launches.
Hahaha, looking back, I bought that $100 32GB memory card for my Vita, and a 80GB backwards compatible PS3 at launch. I remember playing Heavenly Sword and trying to control Lair with the SIXAXIS. Good times!😂  Never got my account hacked though, so thats good I guess, lol.
im waiting for Atari, EA and Konami
The pristine quality of these videos makes the wait worthwhile. Yet again, another absolute gem.
And Sony is still making mistakes, from forcing new content guidelines onto Japanese game developers,  to the disaster known to man as The Last Of Us Part II.
Thank you, i enjoyed this video it was engaging and informative yet entertaining, well done and keep up the great work legend.
Blue ray is still a joke.
I suprised that Sony PS classic doesnt included in the list
I agree on all points. I have bought the PS2 and that was my last Sony product I got and this will stay this way. The PS3 I really wanted but I really didn't that that much money for something unnecessary at that time. Also I feel that Japanese companies, Nintendo being a good example, just missed the train. The 90s are over your horrible lying to consumers are going to get public.
Sony's incompetence in 2011 was the beginning of the end for me regarding console gaming.
Sony getting hacked wasn't their mistake... it was because ppl didnt like what they were doing. Would anyone expect them to fold and allow others to make business decisions for them?
Started with the PSP? WRONG! Started with the PS1...
Your Pac-Man shirt misspelled essentially, or I missed the joke.
You should do Atari!!
Go with microsoft
That ps3 flop is insane. Imagine losing decades of profit from ps1 and ps2 which is best selling console to 1 big flop.
I was in Japan when the PS3 launched and it way outsold XBox. XBox was so unpopular in Japan in comparison. The Wii was probably the most popular because it was cute and had the motion controllers.
Actually, the PS3 was the cheapest Blu Ray player at the time. I bought one just for that reason and got a games machine as a bonus.
I know Microsoft's Big 3 mistakes: The Kinect, Xbox One Reveal Party, Red Ring of Death.
Sony's hidden 4th Mistake: Sony's ridiculous censorship policy run by SJW.
LAIR is actually a really tragic story that should get more coverage. I remember one of the devs being on a german podcast "Spieleveteranen" and he explained it there. The jist of it was that devs had updated sixaxis controls that worked A LOT better than those from launch. So what they did was program the game with those improved controls. But when the time came to ship the game they found out that Sony never updated the sixaxis controls for end users. Meaning they had to use the "old" controls, which made the game nigh unplayable. And there was more like that. It surely can be argued if LAIR would have ever been a hit, but these guys got screwed over HARD by Sony. So hard it sunk the studio.
The PS3 launch titles were good. I will admit there werent many. Resistance killed it... very replayable. The PS2 however, the launch titles were so bad (yominusha) that I returned my PS2 at best buy and just kept my money.
Sony's biggest mistake..... trusting Nintendo.
Love your videos man! Make one about Microsoft's mistakes...
I would love to see an NEC biggest mistakes. I adored my TurboGrafx 16, but it appears I may have been the only one.
The ps3 may of had a high price but you got a lot of bang for your dollar. Wi-Fi was built in, controller had a built in rechargeable battery, of course there was the blu ray drive, you had all those memory card slots, you got a hard drive and it played ps1 & ps2 games. If you bought a 360 and wanted to add a hard drive, Wi-Fi, and battery pack for your controller, you ended up spending more money then a ps3.
It’s very surprising that Sony did not go bankrupt after the hack
I love your videoss!!! They are awesome! Love from argentina ^^.^^
Great video! Atari and Microsoft would be great
Sony's fanboys, ego, and greed.
Love these videos
Pacman == Typoman
What?  I never received any access for free games after the crash.  I wonder why
How about the Channel F gaming console?
at least Sony got their act together in 2013 with the release of the PS4, with about 110 million consoles sold.
Not as big a mistake as any in this video, but shoutout to the time certain models of PS3 were bricked for a day because Sony forgot about leap years. 🤦‍♂️
Next video: Atari's top 25 mistakes.
I love your video’s thanks for doing this
One of there biggest mistakes was removing backwards compatibility.
Eff anonymous, they're just a bunch of neckbeards who think their powerful behind a computer and trendy mask. LOL expose them and they crap their pants
Microsoft is about to commit the same mistake. Xbox Series X will expand SSD storage only through....you guessed it: proprietary memory cards.
I feel the PSP White ad is worth mentioning with the white woman choking a black woman
The Vita itself was a mistake. A highly advanced system but it was totally out of line with the emerging mobile gaming market AND Sony barely supported it AND it used a proprietary memory card.
With your number 2, I just wanted to say, the console prices are the main reason I was always behind and late in getting the newest of the 2 or 3 consoles usually out. I was lucky during the PS2 and Gamecube era, but still got a Gamecube for Christmas 2005.... but then again, I didn't get a Wii until either 2009 or 2010. And it wasn't until 2011 or 2012 until I got the PS3.
I was total 360, I had all of the earlier generation consoles. I bought a PS3 only for the  exclusives but they won me over and now I'm just PS4 🤷‍♂️
I'll never forget the many many hours I waited in line for a GD Wii. I told my wife it was for the kids Christmas, but she knew it was really for me.
I didn't have a PSP, but I got a PS Vita in 2015, and good _god_ do the proprietary memory cards suck. It cost me $60 CDN (I think that was when the Canadian dollar still had parity with the US dollar) for a new 32GB Vita memory card from EB Games, _and then it wasn't even reliable!_ It got corrupted in 2017, and because I don't have PS Plus on the account of primarily using my PC to play online, I didn't have any backups, and I lost hundreds of hours of save data - the first time I've ever experienced that with any game console!  I still really love my Vita - to the point where I bought a used PCH-1000 in 2018 just because I wanted an OLED screen - but _man_ do the proprietary memory cards really detract from what would've otherwise been an all-around amazing handheld.  Also, I wasn't actually aware that the PSN hack was _that_ bad; either that, or I forgot that it did get that bad, because when I first got a PS4 in 2015 I refused to put in my payment information and relied exclusively on buying gift cards. Nowadays though I have my PayPal linked up, since that isn't as risky. I also didn't know that Anonymous _was_ involved in an earlier, less harmful breach; I thought Sony was just using them as a scapegoat. That was interesting to learn; thanks for the info!
I think Sony is about to make their biggest mistake yet in releasing first party IP's on competing platforms.
By 2010 it was clear SD cards would win the format war??? Damn I didnt even know SD cards had competition. I mean I knew Sony had their own thing but I didn't think it was even close to other format wars.
I hope he does Microsoft next
You also forgot about Sony's other big mistakes, no external hdd for ps3 for games, only 1 hdd external limited to 8 tb at a time for games on ps4 (that's a mistake even today, there's no reason people shouldn't be able to have 14 tb drives hooked up to store their library on.  You forgot about sony only using 7 out of 8 cores, only 256 mb of main memory on ps3 (and why was another 256 mb dedicated to network chips?!)  And limiting ps3 to a max of 1 TB hdds (could probably handle 4 tb these days with patches)  And about having memory card slots on the original ps3 (what was the point?)  and you should do Atari and NEC and 3DO but you gotta do your research, you missed blantantly obvious ones i mentioned.  And why was the Vita only having 128 mb of memory instead of 256?   Why was the Vita reliant upon poorly optimized PS3 ports?  Why not a significant library of exclusives and spinoffs you NEEDED it to play?  (there is some but compare that to the PSP)  You NEED to redo this video, those mistakes are just as large if not larger than the ones you mentioned!
you're trippin about the doiwnloads becoming standard form for games, they are NOT, not even to this day.  They are literally just a alternative that is used mostly for spin offs and smaller games.  And  trippin about vita games being a pain to carry around.  Have you SEEN a vita game?  Even in box its small, and out of box its very small, comparable to a switch game, not like the game gear or game boy games of old or the psp games  Really its not all that much hassle to pocket some ideally in a carrying case or travel bag.  Yeah the memory card cost was high but at least it was pretty much just a 1 time purchase if you bought the larger ones.
Sony installing a rootkit on PC's in 2005, under the guise of audio CD protection, was the time when I stopped buying Sony products. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_BMG_copy_protection_rootkit_scandal They are not just inept (losing their customer's finance details) and arrogant ( forcing expensive media over normal media) they are evil ( they'll rootkit your PC).
Another quality production, Norm. Keep up the great work.
Can you do Microsoft’s mistakes?
My two free ps3 games were removed and I can no longer access them ...little big planet and infamous.
Great video as always.
That outro music is a jam.
I didn't buy a PS3 til January 2014 after initial impressions of PS Now we're terrible, the one I bought is a 250 GB Super Slim that came with Uncharted 3 GOTY and 1 Year of PS Plus.
I dunno if it was the memory issue that killed the Vita (definitely didn't help it) so much as the lack of marketing in the west.  Real shame too because it can easily be looked at as a per-cursor to the Switch (a more advanced one in several ways too)...and we all know how badly that failed ;)
You could have included the Nintendo PlayStation.
Playstation 3 fuck ups caused xbox 360 to do well and its almost like Microsoft did the exact same thing with their ego trying to push everything except for games on the xbox one and having to be online all the time before they reversed course and fired the guy in charge.
Hey Norm is the next one of this gonna be the Xbox failures
Man, now I wanna see Norm during his gamestop days. Also, Phil Harrison was so wrong about the rumble feature, hell it motivated Nintendo to make HD rumble
NEC would be super interesting because I don't think many people know the history of that company when it comes to gaming
... yeah so many bad things.  But things that easily could have not had to happen. Like those stupid memory cards!  I don't own a Vita, I don't see a reason to own a Vita. And that is sad, because it has some good games. But its memory cards are too bloody expensive!
"Sony estimates they lost *171 million during the downtime" ... while showing us a clipping that reveals it was *172 million - LOL  But seriously, nice video!
Don't fuck with Graf_chokolo and Geohot
The arrogance and inability to be truthful to their customers - especially during the PS3 era - turned me off completely. I bought a PS3 on clearance for $100 for the blu-ray player, and I have no interest in the PS4 or upcoming PS5. The inability to keep private info private (as you discussed) is simply unforgiveable, and the inability to tell the truth means I'll never actually know if they've changed things for the better like they claim.
Why do a video about it in 2020 when so many people done do videos about when it happen i think you kinda late on this
When are you going to release “3 biggest mistakes of GamerHistorian!?”
And the red death ring was fun!!! So how did you play while the the red death ring was on????? It all bullshit games PC still rules especially Alienware and ASUS G LAPTOPS TODAY!!!!!
Yep they made many mistake, that M2 memory stick was just dumb. Things ended working for them, PS3 out sold the Wii lol.
0:56 didnt it acutally started with the Playstation and the Memory Card? and Later the PS2 and its Memory Card.  Also a WAY bigger mistake was not to stay with Nintendo for the Playstation.
In my opinion, Sony's greatest weakness is lack of great First Party IP.  I have historically gotten Nintendo systems and have nearly all of them.  I got a PS3 however 5 years ago and love it.  I also recently got an Xbox One.  Nintendo especially but Microsoft as well have unique IP that makes me want to get their system.  However, out of all of the systems themselves, I would say the PS3 was the easiest to handle, has the best controllers, and support apparatus.  Sony makes the best systems but is weak on the games themselves.  The fact that Sony hasn't developed a lot of memorable IP such as Mario, Legend of Zelda, Donkey Kong, Halo, Gears of War, etc. Is their weakness.  They should have locked down some of the Third Pary companies as First Party such as Activision with Crash or Ubisoft with Rayman, Assassin's Creed, etc.  Most of the gaming IP on Sony systems can be found on Nintendo or Xbox systems.
I think a big mistake is that the PS4 can't play a bluray movie
What does your shirt say?
Can you do Microsoft’s 3 biggest mistakes next
You missed a hardware mistake: the positioning of the power button on the PS4
Mistake 4 - Ps5 Marketing
Lest we forget how Sony insisted that their platform was the "best way to experience Fortnite" and thus barred any cross-platform play for a long time until they finally caved after enough backlash. Basically it was Sony being the kid at the playground who refused to share his toys.
Finally a new video!
The psn outage was a pain but at the time I had 3 accounts one each in the UK, USA and Japan stores. So I got 6 free games out if it.  Wasn't too bad in the end.
Sony moving their HQ from Japan to California and becoming woke is also a big mistake.
I guess I'm the only one that actually liked the PS3 baby ad lol
NEC mistakes might be interesting. I haven’t heard of them in a while.
9:32 never saw the baby ad. The thing I remember was made of two things, the first one was a man looking at a *PAINTING* with a *HUMANOID DUCK* that says *WELCOME TO THE THIRD PLACE* , and a weird looking WOMAN with an even weirder English accent.  the DUCK: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msMehuZo3x8 the WOMAN: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YWmbUMStlGI
but sony always wins
Considering how blu-ray was the industry standard for around a decade and Sony makes a ton of money off of it I'd say that their costly gamble payed off.
I didn't realize how huge that data hack was back then. I was pretty active with the PSP even though I had a Wii (I wasn't really impressed enough with the PS3 to get one on my meager budget), but I was done and over with it before I ever got the notice that my data may have been hacked. Now we have a PS4 AND a Switch, and I'm pretty satisfied with them!
Atari 3 biggest mistakes 1. E.T on the atari 2600 2. Turning down nintendo and sega 3.the 1983 NA crash
It shocks me to hear PS3 was a flop at launch. In the rest of the world, everybody bought one until the slim came out. Xbox is unknown, PlayStation or Nintendo are synonymous with video game consoles
Mistake 4: Not keeping the boomerang controller for PS3
oof that hacks, i was one of them, after that i only did PC and never went back to console
I'm old enough to remember all these. *I AM ancient.*
Now that you've talked about the video game console companies, how about take a look at the history of EA (Electronic Arts)? EA is getting so much hate from modern gamers nowadays, they even said that EA shouldn't EXIST! They forgot that EA was once a Titan, making some of the best games on home computers as well as the Sega Genesis and the PlayStation 2... 🙂
Do Microsoft next!
Nah Sony’s biggest mistake is a tie between going woke and censoring their games.
The PS3 OtherOS/Linux removal lost me as a Sony customer for life.  The subsequent hacks also led to fraudulent charges on my credit card from some places in Europe.  I've literally not bought a single Sony product since.  Something missing from this list should have been https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_BMG_copy_protection_rootkit_scandal.  Their history of repeated anti-consumer actions and personal negligence are appalling.
Ps3 didnt have access to the xmb screen either, you had to quit the game to message, THAT was the biggest flaw
Microsoft: #1 Windows every edition #2 Xbox 360 Red Rings of Death #3 Xbox One Launch
PS3 still outsold the 360😂😂😂
Sony should be careful with the PlayStation 5 and it’s launch, they don’t want to repeat what happened on November 17 (11th in Japan), 2006.
@Gaming Historian try you post the video about XBox's Three Big Mistakes like XBox 360 and One Kinect,XBox One as an entertainment console,and XBox 360's Red Ring of Death.
I paid $500AUD for a 1GB MS DUO PRO for my SE P910i phone.
The only mistake sony made was going the xbox route with paid online play.
4: Moving HQ to Californyanya and kowtowing to Twatter
Excellent Video. This might just be because i'm in the UK, but I'd love to see a "Three Biggest Mistakes" on either Amstrad in the 80s/90s with their gaming computers, or the Software House Ocean.
Let's be honest: What killed the Vita and made the Portable inferior to Nintendo were the games. They are so...mainstream-generic. Even though the 3DS had a rough start and never received the same attention as the DS a few years ago, it still had an impressive library of games. I know two good games for the PSP: Final Fantasy 7 Crisis Core and Medival: Resurrection. Then there are a lot of mediocre and okay-games, but that's it. Compare this to Pokémon, Zelda, Super Mario and many more series like Ace Attorney, Professor Layton or even Animal Crossing.  I've bought a PSP, played for a few hours in 2009 and never used it since then. It's a shame. My Game Boy Advance SP is still in use today, but the PSP just collects dust.
Its amazing how easily people forgot and forgave Sony regarding their hack. When you look at the next gen hype right now, it's almost as if it never existed.
With Memory Stick at least you can use it for other Sony devices at the time. I even owned a Sony Ericsson phone that used M2, a rarer type of Memory Stick that PSP Go used. Vita's memory card is far worse in this regard because you can't use that overpriced thing on anything else.
I saw this video in my sub feed. It’s a topic I really wasn’t interested in so I paid it no attention. Today I realized it was made by videogame historian and clicked it to watch immediately! Your brand is why I watched this because the subject matter wasn’t in my wheelhouse. Great video buddy!  Glad I caught it!
Minidisc wasn't exclusive only to Sony devices, and was relatively successful in Europe and Asia(especially Japan).
Do xbox next! Curious.
Microsoft or Blizzard's 3 Biggest Mistakes would be interesting.
Why is this episode boring
sony in 2020 would still be selling these console rubes mem cards if they could
A few years back I picked up the Sony Ericsson Xperia Play. It launched very close in time as the Iphone 4 and was never marketed. Naturally a product like that would not really make it far people are unaware. I just saw it on a net-store on sale and figured out that you can play classic emulated games from Nes, Snes, Playstation 1, Nintendo DS, game boy and so on.. I loved that phone to death but eventually it broke. Some flex cable on the inside got worn down and the display died. I had to buy another one from a refurbishing retailer in China until that one eventually died. My third one got so outdated that no apps from modern time worked. So it was only good for gaming at that point. It has been a decade and not a single sign of Sony ever attempting to connect gaming with phones has ever been mentioned. ASUS is kind of doing it with their ROG phones but they dont have built in controllers like Xperia Play did. Personally, I believe that this is a mistake Sony has been doing. To never attempt it again. But then again, neither has Nintendo or Microsoft. There has to be a market for it. Yes, I get it. The phone will likely be thicker. But phones today are already out of line with their 15" displays. Please Sony, make a god damn Xperia Play 2 and I'll buy that thing over and over again.
I can only wonder what would've happened to SEGA had they still been in the console wars with an online service of their own and a similar hack happened to them. Being the big SEGA fan that I am, this video makes me feel even more grateful that they dropped out of the hardware wars (and shut down SEGANet) when they did because they certainly dodged a bullet big time.
Not in the top 3 but the lack of cross play is some bullshit.
How tf are there 179 thumbs down on this video?
🌹  thanks for your support💪.... https://youtu.be/9FTEsqxm4QA Bhai ki izzat dubaa di benchoo !
Never stop doing videos. Love them
the vita memory card is the only reason I didn't buy the Vita.  I remember really wanting to give sony my money.
Hey the vita was great don’t bully my baby
During the PSN Hack I was still using a PlayStation 2 offline...
Nothing better than cocky sony... such a mess
3 biggest mistakes by Nintendo?
Somy gets hacked and leaked a lot
You missed a huge one - the Windows rootkit that was installed by playing a Sony audio CD on a PC, whether or not you agreed.  The "remedy" opened another remote exploit.  Many government machines were hit with it, too.  This was circa 2003.
NEC would be fun(ny), but you'd need to make a 1~2 hour video
PSN is still odd and the PS4 interface feels like a relic. Sony proves time and time again that they cannot make good software... or GUIs.
Thank God I never connected my PS3 (and PS4) to the internet.
One of the problems here is a distinctly Japanese one. Hubris, and a will to defend one's personal pride first and foremost. (Which in doing so, costs pride FAR more often than not.) It doesn't help that Sony is a very VERY "My way or no way at all" kind of company, which is extremely alienating. It's not possible to reliably sell to someone when you simply don't/can't relate to what they need or want. Hence why they have a habit of making either run-away successes or flops.
Sony's 3 biggest mistakes: 1. Emoji Movie 2. EMOJI MOVIE 3. *E M O J I  M O V I E*
I still have that identity theft protection from that psn hack ..also the free games you had to pick the three it wasnt a complete we're sorry package
I'm not over the mini PS1 re-release (Nintendo style). I have no nostalgia for the NES or SNES. I grew up playing the PS1. I was so looking forward to that console. And the hits kept coming from the terrible games, the controllers without joysticks, the games being PAL, etc
I got money in the mail from the "other os" lawsuit. From the hack I got the year of ID theft protection and the games.
Why always "af all time"...... it sound cheesy
When the PS3 came out I got the $650 80gb one a few days later but I combined a couple of deals I found on fatwallet and got it for $300. I still use it to this day as my Blu-ray player. Also, my controller has no rumble. It is lighter weight though.
I think you could just make a list of Sony's tv ads. They always turned me and my friends away from the company.
Sony make some great products, but sadly they have the shitiest customer support. Kenichiro Yoshida, sort out your company's shity customer support!!!
Can you make a history of Halo video?  Thanks!
PS5 is another mistake.
When you have been on top where it counts for 26 years..... you can fail once in a while. PS5 is guaranteed going to sell 100+ million units once again and Microsoft botches their own launch badly for a second time in a row.  That being said, I cant wait to get me a PS5.
Any chance you'd go over NIS botching the porting and localization of Falcom's anniversary entry in the Ys series, Ys 8?
Who remembers when you had to quit the game to add a friend lol
PSN was definitely worse than the 32x.
Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes:  1. Windows ME 2. Windows Vista 3. Windows 10
Not sure I agree entirely with #2. Yes they sold the PS3 at a loss, but there was a significant group of people at the time buying it as a low cost blu ray player (most were going for over $1000). It was more than just a gaming console and that was a selling point at the time. This was at least partially responsible for Sony winning that format war that net them more than what they lost on the consoles.  The Xbox wound up selling a half assed HD DVD accessory the next year for $200 that put the overall Apple to Apple price a bit closer.   Another contributing factor to the high price was the emulation hardware that was included. When they released the later versions of the PS3 this was omitted to bring the cost down. I didn’t have an Xbox 360 but I don’t think it was backwards compatible.   While PlayStation Network was inferior to Xbox Live, it was free. This was at a time when subscription services were not THAT common. And really if you just wanted to play a game online and didn’t have to navigate the network the free option worked fine if you didn’t want the monthly payment just to play online.  Add up all the extra costs to the base XBox price and the overall cost was pretty similar.  As far as comparing sales in the first year, I’m not sure that’s an entirely fair comparison. Xbox was 1 year early to market, and I’m not sure if the numbers given here were for both first years, or PS3 first year to Xbox second year. Both of which Xbox would have a serious advantage. In the Xbox first year it was the only “next gen” console available so it didn’t have the competition, and it’s second year it had a much bigger library of games because it was out longer. Comparing it to the Wii in sales is really meaningless because they were targeting different audiences. The Wii sold so much because non-gamers and even the elderly were picking it up for the family fun market.  I love your videos. They are always so interesting. Keep it up.
The PS3 launch was a disaster.  PsN sucked.  That hack in 2011 is why I never bought a ps4.  I can't trust sony.
Big Mistake #4: They didn't market Omega Boost nearly as hard as they should have.
So Sonys 2nd mistake: PS3 had no games
What is the NEC?
My old cybershot camera STILL has a memory stick pro duo and it’s uhhhh... cool i guess
I was an Xbox rep during this time.  Sony made my job easy to convert Sony customers to Xbox thanks to these mistakes, especially the hack.
On PS Vita: "People soon came out with adaptors". Uh, is five or six years "soon"? And it required a hack that exploited two security vulnerabilities to install custom kernel modules. It was no simple matter to get around.
Thanks Game Dave! another good video
I remember that psn hack i had gotten the ps3 slim because my 60gb got messed up and I Remember sony gave us a year of PSN gold
Consoles are great, but @11:05 are why PCs will always be better.
Sony's newest big mistake: Censorship of Japanese titles.
Any chance it were state sponsored Chinese hackers？
The PSP Go had a different version of the memory Sticks.
Do 3DO mistakes please.
Love the PSP and the Vita hated the memory cards they were to expensive if they ever do another hand held console they gave to do away with the proprietary memory cards and go with the standard
I had three weeks booked off work to play dcuo (when it was good and not the money grab it is today) day 1, psn down!
Atari Mistakes: 3:Delaying the Atari 7800 by 2 years (making it anemic by 1986) 2:Atari Jaguar 1:E.T. and everything about the 1983 crash Xbox Mistakes: 3:Needed a remote to play DVDs on OG Xbox  2:Red Ring of Death  1:Xbox One launch  NEC Mistakes: 3:TG-16 handheld  2:Releasing TG-16 in North America after the Genesis  1:FMV Mandate on PC-FX
You should make it Sony's four biggest mistakes and add that trash game, The Last of Us part II.
Vita fans and Wii U fans understand each other very well because both where overshadowed by more successful consoles (PS4/Switch)
I think Vita is underrated.
i have learn a lot tanks!
Next Xbox or pc or more gaming company
Pepsiman
I think sonys bigest mistake was the ps3 update that ended up whit you not being able to play eny games on the ps3. including offline disk games. I think it tok sony ower a month to figure out what the problem was and fix it.
GAWD, I'd forgotten how much I loved my old Sony camera, but hated that damn memory stick!
'94...? Wow, I thought I was older when it came out.
Great videos man.
Thanks for this can you tell me the link to the background music
Biggest Sony mistake ? Making the PS3 and PS4, trash consoles ..... Also PS Vita is amazing but the 3DS was just on another level.
Predictions for Microsoft: 3. Killing Rare 2. Xbox One reveal 1. Red Ring of Death
what do u think the odds are that a company  that has been around for over 70 years, has made their 3 biggest mistakes all n a 10 year span? I would doubt this video to be accurate in regards to its title. I would image at least 2 of their biggest mistakes every would be beta losing to VHS and MINIDISC.
I'd also point out that PS3s and the PS4s 6-axis motion controller is not nearly as fluent as what the Wii wad. Which is kind of disappointing as I feel that it does have use when playing racing titles. This was my favorite thing about the Wii back in the day. Trying to do it now with the PS4 just feels busted and I go back to the thumbstick. Kind of a shame really.
My family bought a ps3 cuz of Bluray, we got it after ps2 compatibility was removed unfortunately, I picked Infamous and Little Big Planet for ps3 (i had a physical copy of LBP and sold it) I don't think I took them up on the psp games.
You left out their mistake of Trusting Nintendo on the collaboration of a project.  That was a pretty big mistake.
Proprietary media at the time of PSP wasn't a big deal. SD was yet another format. But when PS vita came to the market it was a huge mistake to try to invent a new memory card format that haven't been used anywhere else.
Considering that "rumble" is the most annoying and pointless feature ever crammed into a controller (and that continuous rumble has the side effect of causing injury and discomfort to users wrists) I'm not sure dropping rumble from the PS3 controller can be considered a big mistake, it's hard to imagine someone passing on a game system because the controller doesn't buzz and vibrate annoyingly during play. To this day, one of my biggest gripes in gaming are games that do not give you the option to disable the rumble feature.
As an RPG fan, I ended up going with the 360 at first since it had a bunch of them coming out. Didn't get a PS3 until 2008, and that was mainly because my 360 crapped out after only 10 months. I remember being constantly disappointed by the selection of games the PS3 had to offer for about a year and a half. I was also disappointed with the PSP to PS3 functionality. While it was great that I could transfer PS1 save files to and from my portable, the other connectivity features were a let down. Remote playing PS1 Classics was laggy as heck, which made everything outside of turn-based RPGs and board games unplayable. There were also supposed to be some PS3 games that could be remote played this way, but it was a really small list.
Gaming Historian Biggest Mistake - Listening to idiots that got under his skin  by cutting the back of your hair :( Shame dude you looked so better then. Stay Healthy.
The Sony data leak probably belongs on the top 3 business in general mistakes of all time list, so I'd say it's well placed here.
I might be a fanboy. I agree with the memory card issue on the vita and all the other dumb choices they made. Umds, I'm looking at you. I also agree with the bad ps3 launch but that never bothered me because I still played my ps2 so much. I remember reading back then, that the biggest mistake of the ps3 launch was how good the ps2 was.   But I don't agree about the hack. I recognise that Sony is not very consumer friendly and their security was old and out of date but that doesn't excuse somebody attacking them. Just because psn wears a short skirt and all that. I also felt that they reacted as best they could and did okay with the welcome back packages.
Great job not adding random people (a few of which looked like Abby from LOU2) to your video.
Nice work Norman
Microsoft/Xbox biggest mistakes, #1 RROD, #2 Xbox One Reveal (Always Online/No Used games/Kinetic/TV)  #3 Cancelling games/closing studios
ps3 is still too easy to hack can't even get on a game of modern warfare 2 every single lobby is hacked
Knack should have been in the top 3....ON A GREATEST GAMES OF ALL TIME LIST!
Do Atari next!
Your videos are so great. Keep it up.
There was a 4th mistake, losing Monster Hunter franchise to Nintendo for a while.
You forgot #4 They started censoring Japanese sexualized content, forcing these developers to censor their own games... and then allowing it to slide in western games.
A bit click-baity, and not up to your usual quality. Still not terrible, but my excitement was not matched.  Also your shirt will enrage many, with its spelling of "esentially".
4:33 everyone: have you ever played any Ridge Racer game? Me: Oh, Ridge Racer, RIIIIIIIDGE RACEEEER, no I've never played it.   And tbh OutRun2 in both PSP and PS2 is better.
You know the funny thing about the Blu-ray Disc format? Sony won the battle, but more than a decade after it became standard, the war is far from over as people still widely purchase DVDs.  By this point during the last format transition, nobody was still selling VHS.
I liked the PS3 a lot.  The PSN was free unlike Xbox Live.  The user interface of the Xross Media Bar was attractive and consistent with the PSP.  I loved their commitment to backward compatibility by being able to run PS2 and PS1 disks.  And I also loved Sony's ambition to make the PS3 the all in one home entertainment device, able to play CDs, DVDs, Blu-rays, even Super Audio CDs and 3D Blu-rays. Plus home movies and photos.
great vid. Will you make another Bluray set? i love the last one.
It would still have been a bit annoying if the Vita had used Memory Stick.  At least then you could have used the same cards you used for the previous PSP and maybe for other devices like Sony cameras etc. But to force PSP users to switch to another proprietary format, one which was not compatible with the previous PSP or any other device, was extra obnoxious.  Along with that, the Vita couldn't use the PSP disks either, again forcing PSP users to re-buy their old games online to be able to play them on the Vita.  Creating unnecessary obstacles for your own customers to be able to move up to your new gen product is insane.
Why is Ferris Bueller talking about videogames????
Would love to see Microsoft mistakes pls sir . Great vids
when the PSP and PSPVita came out I was still in school, so I had always desired them, especially the Vita since it seemed much better, but I couldn't get it because of the price and parents. I was sad when it died but didn't look into the reason why it happened. I just couldn't understand why it died because it seemed like a solid device and it wasn't like there was much competition in the market other than Nintendo.  Now that I'm seeing this I can see why. This period of PS3/PSP/PSPVita really was one of the worst for Sony, they were just going for the money and weren't thinking about their customers.
When I first heard that Microsoft was making a system I thought it would never work.
I worked at GameStop during the PS3 launch too. I feel your pain.
“Arrogant Sony” always seemed freako to me. Don’t attach emotions on to companies especially just because they made a bad business decision
MAG was my favorite PS3 game. Definitely not the best game but it was fun.
11:50 "Sony was hacked again" Well, that's a common misconception. A DoS (or DDoS) is an attack, but it is not "hacking". It's analogous to telling everyone to call a customer service phone number repeatedly. It generates a lot of load, it blocks the service from real customers; but gives no further access. It's an attack, it's a nuisance, but it's not hacking.
I'd say the biggest mistake Sony made was...   not giving me free games whenever I wanted them. what the hell S0NY?!
Calling it now. Microsoft biggest fail will be the Kin phone.
I still haven't been able to recover my PSN account. And I had literally hundreds of songs downloaded for the Rock Band games. Haven't touched a Sony product since.
They still haven’t regained my trust. The hack, the awful PS network as well as their terrible interface and constant updates keep me primarily gaming on Xbox and Switch.
Sony gave the Vita such a raw deal, expensive memory was just one piece of that puzzle.They had all the pieces available to make something incredible and they just left it on the ground.   The dual sticks, the beautiful screen, the strong launch lineup, and nintendo showing unexpected weakness all for naught with expensive accessories, wasteful 3g implementation, little first party support, letting third party games get away, and just leaving it on the vine to rot with such sparce information.
For me it was when they abruptly stopped allowing backwards compatibility shortly into PS3 life cycle. They just made buying & playing most of their games library either inconvenient or impossible. However I did rebuy many PS1 & PS2 titles on PSN only to be burned again when I upgraded to the PS4. I build my third party library on xbox now and just use PS4 for their exclusives. PS5 may finally be backwards compatible so I can get rid of my old PS4 but I will still need my PS3 until I can rebuy most those old games on some other platform.
7:26 So... 150 millions for a couple of electric motors with circular plates attached.
Sony's biggest mistake: Jack & Jill staring Adam Sandler
Can confirm. Vita is hacked and can download any game I want at any time for free. Was hacked specifically to use cheaper SD cards.  3DS remains unhacked.  Related: Wii U was hacked so that I could use the Pokken controller with Virtual Console games. No seriously, why the hell does it only work with Pokken? That's just so dumb. Give me a console that makes sense and works properly and I won't feel the need to hack it to pieces until long after it's off the market.
I like how in your first mistake you mention proprietary memory and said it started with the psp. Guess the psp came out before the ps1/2
Great vid GH, but I predict that Sony's biggest mistake will be the PS5 (digital) in particular.  🤨😌
Usually it's Sony/Phillips that develop industry formats.
This is why I use PSN vouchers and Xbox Vouchers. I think both consoles aren't secure enough for my liking.
Being overconfident
Yea I agree these are the 3 biggest Sony mistakes I can think of too...I been a Sony fan since I got PlayStation in 96 and it's still my favorite console but they really became Complacent with the success of the ps1 & ps2 when they introduced the PS3 ...and it's not even the price that I disagreed with in 06 cuz I figured blu Ray would win and it was a hell of a bargain even at $600 and that it also was completely backwards compatible but the things they said and removing rumble were the things that really irritated me...I love the psp I still have mines that I got March 26 2005 and it still works...u can never deny Sony makes strong products to but the Vita just didn't click with me like the psp did..then the hack I'll never forget that one either I really hope Sony isn't becoming complacent again after winning this generation cuz they can most certainly be knocked on their asses again
I believe it was lizard squad that did the hack
Awesome video. Please do Atari's mistakes next :-) The Atari mistakes are hilarious..
Finally something different, you focused to much on Nintendo.  I stopped watching your videos, thought I was the only one but did hear other ppl with the same complaints. And you upload like once a month .But hey now where here .   Maybe I'll sub again, 🙃
Only 3 biggest?? lol
I respect anonymous hacking group for actually standing up for the common person!
I thought it was so cool getting the original PS3 fully backwards compatible, I could not only play my new PS3 games, but also my PS2 and even original PSX titles. I felt like I had 3 consoles in one box! It's unfortunate the price was so high, I feel like if they decided to take a hit with the launch by releasing it for $400 from the start, they would have possibly made up for the loss in sales! It would have been a risk but I firmly believe it would have paid off.
Funding for this program... what is this PBS?
Hate to be a buzz kill but the Sorry Ericsson phones used sony own rubbish memory cards before 2004.  I hated them back then.  😉
Regardless when the PS3 came out I knew three or four people that got it didn't matter that it cost 599
I’m a simple man. I see gaming historian new video, I click, I watch, I like, I comment.
I agree, the Vita was technically more powerful than the 3DS but Sony held it back with it's Anti Consumer BS. I might not get the PS5 right away.
And now Nintendo is slowly but surely taking back the industry
Great top 3. Do think that the Sony Rootkit fiasco was worth a mention: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_BMG_copy_protection_rootkit_scandal
As for PlayStation 3, you could say : "The PlayStation 3's crazy architechture" with the complexity of CELL for development, the separation of RAM for CPU and GPU (256 Mo XDRAM for both of them), useless Memory Card Reader, SA-CD play, and the first specs of the PS3 in 2005 with 3 Ethernet ports and 2 HDMI outputs. Blu-ray was expensive but other features like CELL are too expensives. And all of them are the reason of the launch price of PS3, consequences for third party ports and disappointed sales.
I bought a ps3 at launch in Australia 2006 and it cost $1000. I was the only one at the games store. Looking back, that was a ridiculous price.
Maybe a mistake by Sony tp use the sticks
Huh
Correction  - North Korea is believed to be behind the Sony Hack. Also, a person has been charged in connection to this hack.   https://www.pbs.org/newshour/nation/north-korean-programmer-charged-in-sony-hack-wannacry-attack#:~:text=The%20U.S.%20government%20has%20previously,for%20the%202014%20Sony%20hack.&text=U.S.%20officials%20believe%20the%20Sony,Korea%27s%20leader%2C%20Kim%20Jong%20Un.
Norm looking baked and unshaven. Well done, Norm.
The voice audio on this does not match the video of the person talking and it is very creepy
I wonder if Sony will ever make an All-Stars 2 or PS Vita 2
I love how your videos are literally like doumentaries
I miss this channel
If possible, can you do Microsoft's biggest mistake
Hey Norman. Love your videos. Quick question; have you ever considered remastering your older videos?
Since you’ve now ripped Nintendo, Sega, and now Sony a new one on its infamous blunders it’s only fair that you do American tech giant Microsoft over its fuck ups. Starting with the infamous red ring of death of the Xbox 360 and #1 should be pretty much everything about the Xbox One #nousedgames #alwaysonline #$499.99vs.Sony$399.99 #0exclusives #pullingEAificationonaquiringstuidosandshuttingthemdown
Got the PSVita with 3g at launch back in the day with uncharted. I remember how pricey it was, and I only got a 16gb card with it because of it. it had some cool titles like gravity rush or tearaway, I wished it would have succeeded, but it was such a shitty idea to an own memory format. I also woseh wished it would have gotten more homebrew stuff, especially emulators, especially i hoped for a gamcube one, but there was no community from the beginning.
Funny how Nintendo Online just got hacked just as bad this year and noone is making a big deal about it.
ps5 proprietary drives
The funniest part of all this? The ps3 outsold the 360 despite being on the market 12 months longer and being more expensive
I don't understand the constant knocking of the "Baby Ad" for the PS3. It did it's job tremendously. It's still remembered. That's the point of an advertisement, to put the product in your head.
When the PS3 came out, I was heavily behind Nintendo.  I loved the Wii.  But the games stopped flowing, and so many games werent released on it.  so then I got an Xbox360.  That was fun, until I got tired of shooters... first person, over the shoulder, horror.   After the PS4 price dropped I got one, and it is by-far by favorite console in quite some time.   Glad they finally got it right.
I still haven't forgiven Sony for the hack.
I had a PSN account for 10 days before it was hacked.
Dude I'm insulted! Why you don't have a video on the ocarina of time history? This is a must!! On the other hand excellent work! :)
Do Microsoft
Great content as always, on par with the other mistakes stuff. Please do Atari, it's an titanic fall worth telling. Might be a bit confusing, but you can handle that.
Wrong, it was only the Vita that required the proprietary memory card. I have a Samsung memory card in my PSP.
Genius!!!
The #1 mistake wasn't really Sony's fault. Fu©king hackers suck and should be hunted down like the dogs they are.
lmao, why would anyone buy a shitty gaystation
I can say personally that the memory shenanigans kept me from buying a Vita and obviously I know I'm not the only one.  Even way back then, I was stunned at how stupid that was.  Had the same feeling when Nintendo named the console the WiiU, the name said it's the same thing you already got and that killed it.
The high price for the 60GB PS3 was because it has the PS2 hardware on the motherboard, instead of Software emulation like in some other 60GB models, CECHC03
Didnt physical vita games have to be installed on the system as well ? It was absolutely ridiculous ...was a very cool console but this (memory crap) absolutely ruined it for me. Also the UI was terrible imo. Today it's the console of choice for RPGs and emulation. Back then it was a total flop.
NEC next, please. I'm still amazed about how they went from having the number 1 home computer in Japan to... well, what they are now.
Calling it now, the biggest mistake? Moving their primary offices to commiefornia, they've just been censoring and ruining creators visions
"Did I miss any of Sony's mistakes?"  Nah man. You could have just had number one and the video still would have been complete.
Microsoft
I knew the first two immediately. Funny I didn't think of the data breach, I guess buttering me up with free games actually worked :D
The PS3 was one of Sony's biggest mistake and sony almost went bankrupt because of putting the price to 499 for the 20 gb and 599 for 80gb.
How about the PS mini. That was a huge mistake.
Yeah you missed the mistake that they should have never entered the gaming industry
It’s unfair how you don’t talk about Nintendo’s biggest mistakes
now microsoft biggest mistakes
I jumped to PS3 cause I had 2 360 consoles that got red ring of death I stuck w Playstaion because of that till Xbox One X came out
The other annoying issue with the Portal 2 launch is that it came with a license key to play on PC through Steam... But the license would only work if you had first logged into your Steam account in the game on PS3. So in addition to not being able to play online, many users were unable to use their free PC copy of the game too.
This never showed up in my subscription feed.
Great video like always Norm!
Damage controlling from MS again???
I don't think putting blu ray is a mistake.  I was more like timing issues.  Bluray did win format war and bd made it to xbox one and ps4.  I think sony have fought really well and did pretty well on asia and europe.  At the end of console cycle ps3 was outselling xbox 360.
Another interesting video. Congratulations on grad school and good luck!  I didn't get a PS3 right out the gate, but I ended up getting one that had virtual backwards compatability with PS2 games. It mostly worked but had weird issues for some games. For example, some UI elements in my copy of Persona 4 didn't work when I played it with a disc on my PS3. Eventually it died through a yellow light of death. I was always curious about that error in comparison to the more well-known Red Ring of Death on the XBox360 side.
I love how the Japanese think that bowing on TV fixes things.  Homie, I want fish and beer. Lots of beer.
Not to defend Sony too much, but Norms comments re: their response to the hack are the kinds of naive comments from someone who's never worked in infosec.
Norm, I abslutely adore your show. I wish time and energy allowed for it to come out weekly! Keep up the great work!
Microsoft’s biggest mistakes would be great!
In the start of the 7th generation there was a proplem with the consoles Even the wii You wither had to buy A console that was expensive and didn't have games - Playstation 3 A revolutionary console but was weak and hat little 3rd party support - wii Or a console that was cheaper, had an amazing online system but didn't work/always having you praying that it won't get red ring when you played it - Xbox 360 So it was like pick your poison or quit
One of sonys biggest mistakes was dropping ape escape and backwards compatibility
Make a chapter about the history of rare. Love your documentary
Hope Xbox goes next either their top 3 failures or a very interesting topic would be why Xbox has failed in Japan
Oh yeah, I remember the time when the PSN got hacked and I have to play my PS2 for 2 weeks until it got back.
That end credits music is amazing.  Who is it?
vita doesn't need internal memory since it has no games
Wow. They got hacked?  I never knew lol ...that drove me mad, no online had tripping.
Love what you! Keep up the amazing content
Cool.. Didn't even know about that
Microsoft's 115 biggest mistakes next?
Sony's biggest mistake was pushing Gender politics / Woke culture and moving to California. Prove me wrong.
Plot twist: it was Norman who hacked Sony
Great video! Love the Pac-Man shirt.
hey this was uploaded on my birthday!
I remember desperatedly wanting a Vita with Borderlands 2 (One of my fav games of all time), then I saw the price of the memory cards....what was Sony thinking, they say it's for "Piracy" but they cost 10x more than a regular MicroSD! Well I never got the Vita and got a 3DS instead. The one with regular MicroSDs that also sold like Hot cakes for Nintendo.   I don't understand the piracy boogie man. There has always been piracy since the days of casette tapes and pirated items =/= lost sales because the people who pirate didn't have the money to buy it anyways and people who are fans of a game and have the money will buy it, they even buy multiple copies and special editions. So piracy is just a boogie man created by corporate clowns and it's often more of a problem of distribution. How did Steam almost eliminated piracy by making everyone have a convenient library with all of their games in one place? and now Piracy is coming back because everyone wants to have their own distribution platform and Epic Games wants to bring exclusivity to PC.
The whole memory stick thing affected me, I wanted to take some pictures I had on my PS Vita and put them on my computer, but then I realized I couldn't do that because Sony thought they were too good for SD cards
I bought my PS3 when the PS4 was announced. The PS3 was only 199 CAD, I couldn't imagine paying like 700 dollars CAD for it.
Can you talk about some of Steam's 3 biggest mistakes?
I personally don't think the Blu-ray was a mistake on the PS3.  Yes it did hurt their console sales and yes it did cost them money per console.  However their idea to do that vs. Microsoft's idea to do the HD-DVD separate, forcing users to buy a separate piece of hardware; basically won that war and I believe to be the biggest reason Blu-ray is what we use today.
Thanks for making this video that I requested!
When talking about the price of PS3 at launch vs the 360, lets be sure to remember that the 360 at $399 required a $20 accessory to make the controller rechargeable and a $100 accessory to use wireless net connectivity. Additionally, that was a point where PSonline (although crappy) was still free while XboxLive was $50/year.     So in all reality, you were looking at $570 pre tax for a 360 that was comparably usable but 12 months later it would be another $50 for online. And no, Im not a fanboy lol, I just remember having to break it down for parents since I worked at a gamestop at the time.   Of course nobody had a crystal ball to look into the future so we didn't realize the 360 was going to be the highest failure rate in gaming history.
Terrific work as always! This channel is easily the very best of its kind. Keep up the great work! :)
CHAD WARDEN DISAGREES. PS TRIPLE WAS BALLIN' AND HAD THE BEST GAMES AT THE START, WAS ABAP
prop. cars served a way of copyprotection in the first month ;-).
I'm not a Sony fan necessarily, but I think dropping the rumble feature from controllers would be a good idea. Having my hands vibrate never replicates anything that's happening on-screen -- it's just annoying and destroys any immersion from a game rather than enhances it.
I think this should be called Playstation's biggest mistakes.
That was great thanks Norman
There is a fourth that still stands to this day, You cant use PS3, PS VITA and PS4 in succession in the same day unless some time has passed otherwise it will prevent you from logging in on the other systems.
Man, it's surreal seeing George Hotz being mentioned here. I remember living on the same dormitory floor as him in college back in 2006-2007, and suddenly his name was all over campus because he had jailbroken not only a PS3 but later an iPhone. Meanwhile, I'm thinking to myself, "What the heck does jailbreaking mean?" (in the context of technology). That being said, I'm glad I waited until 2012 to get my PS3 after all this mess went down.
To set the table for HUGE inevitable debates on the comments, I think Microsoft should be next. Seems fare since Sony was this video.
PlayStation's biggest mistake is not working with Nintendo anymore and not releasing the Nintendo PlayStation or SNES CD
A day after the video goes out, the PS Network goes down again! Obviously not as serious, but what a coincidence!
Wait, you worked at Gamestop during the launch of the PS3?  Huh, ain't that something?
You focused on BluRay, but weren't the development and production costs of the Cell chip also a big factor for the PS3's  steep initial price tag?
Haha, I worked at GameStop for the PS3 launch too. Literally the exact same story for me
and this kids is why we listen to our customers
you ps mistakes right
PS3 wasnt a Sony mistake, just because they learned their own flaws and quickly ammended them. Sony still winning console wars since 1994 and with Ps5 he wil prevale again.
I think the developers kit for the PS3 was a big mistake.
Its big flaw was that Sony were being too cocky in early 7th generation . Similar to Sega's Sega Saturn, they implemented hardware that not many developers were capable to develop first on. Only difference Sony had to make a change fast and it worked ; Sega, on other hand, didn't listen and attempted to make a change : but it was too late for em'.
Omg GH, you went from a young looking man to full grown dad type! Lol. For real though, I’ve been enjoying your vids for years n thanks so much for all the work you do
From the pserspective of someone working in infosec, Microsoft's biggest mistake is existing. They have proven, over *decades*, that they *cannot* get security right. There are so many bugs where I am just dumbstruck, thinking "... how did you get this wrong?".
I loved the Vita and the PS3! Tho I do agree with the Memory Card and launch thing I wish the Vita had Sd Cards instead of Memory Cards and I also wish the PS3 launch is good
The PS3 wasn't only expensive because of bluray. In fact its probably one of the last things that would of made the system so expensive to make (and develop), especially given bluray was a separate project. Putting bluray amongst "Sony's top mistakes" in regards to the PS3 (under the jurisdiction of Sony Interactive Entertainment, the *division* or subsidiary *within* Sony responsible for the Playstation brand and PSN), despite Sony/SIE turning the PS3 ship around and eventually ending up with more lifetime sales than the 360, greater longevity, and the fact that Bluray has almost effectively replaced DVDs now (Sony won the new disc format war) is not only wrong, its silly. Moreover, Sony isn't just Playstation and the PSN (both of which, are again, under SIE). You're conflating two consoles and their networks to the two larger companies as a whole (of which the console business are a small part) and their overall internal infrastructure (different to the console's online networks) and business.
SONY is, IMHO, one of the worst companies out there in how they treat their customers.  Back around 2004/2005 I bought a Foo Fighters album (In Your Honor) on the day it came out. I really liked them and it was customary for the guys in our office to take turns listening to CDs through our PCs.  The next day I stuck the CD in my drive and I had to install software to play it.  That was weird, but I paid no mine.  I think there was bonus videos and such on it, so I just assumed that was part of it.  Nope! SONY had created a rootkit (that quickly became flagged as maleware by Norton) and it completely hosed my CD drive.  I couldn't use it.  This was a work PC and I think I had to format the dumb thing and just start over.  This "driver" was all in an effort to prevent piracy and SONY ended up with a sizable class action lawsuit against them because they felt they could modify (and maybe it was replace) device drivers on people machines just so they couldn't rip the disc.  I vowed after that to never, ever buy a new SONY product.  To the best of my knowledge, they've never gotten a single cent from me again and I hope they never do.
Hacked my Vita, using SD card now.
Mistake 4... not making the ps4 backwards compatible for at least ps2 and ps1 games
The PS3 no DS3 at launch 'vibration is last gen' stop lying Sony.  I boycotted the Vita af first because of those MCs.  I bought on in OCT 2014 when they were about to phase out the OLED.  I got a great bundle at next to nothing, so Sony made no money there.
Sony's biggest mistake is charging for online play.
Your own personal mistakes, top 3 biggest life mistakes.
Those damn vita memory cards (and that stupid account limit on the vita)
I bet the hackers are watching this and laughing.
ATARI
Can you make Xbox one? i wanted to see Japan sales failure!
Sony's three greatest achievements?
Boy I was I patient with each console I got my hands on and that's thanks to Devil May Cry. I didn't get a PS3 until DMC4 came out and didn't get a PS4 until DMC5 came out which by then, both systems had already dipped their toes at that point and had a grasp of their game selection & fanbases.
Sony's biggest mistake on the PS3 was when I could not physically turn the PS logo like on the PS2 xD  Awesome vid Norm! Keep those "Biggest Mistakes" coming.
At least their games are generally cheaper than Nintendo's.
Must have been really hard to limit this video to just three.
you got fat
i love your videos man keep doing what you do!
Also with the Vita. If they utilized that useless top port for a play on TV feature instead of making the Vita TV, that would have helped in sales. I still love the Vita but Sony always drops the ball in a lot of areas.
Yeah right... Honestly i feel like you are talking only of ps3... But fail to realise how ps2 bombed badly over its whole time. Features that never came. Fake emulation. Bad graphics. Internet capability that never came out. Marketting over 2 years just to make people wait for ps2 instead of taking dreamcast... Sony biggest faillure was to just want money. It was clear they didnt care for the public they just wanted a big part of the pie.
The only PS3 exclusive that stood out was Little Big Planet IMO
How about the cheap-ass drives in the PS1 which had transport rails that would fail requiring the user to user the system upside down.
Which company to do next? Try Commodore... it'd be the longest video you'll ever make lol
1GB for a 100 in 2010 2020 ssd 500 GB FOR $100
So... is Stadia the third failed console launch for Phil Harrison?
If you ask me... Sonys only real problem is the way it works... As a company it puts money in their pockets higher in priority then any other companies... They have really really bad supports they way too often make marketting that do not reflet their actual products. They literally lose money just to market bad mouthing of other companies and worse of all... Never innovated in anything and only copyed other companies.  Again if you ask me... Their real problem is their management !
Can't wait for "Microsoft XBOX's  ̶3̶  2̶0̶  137 Biggest Mistakes"
WTF, you could buy PSP memory sticks made by SanDisk and other brands. Just because Sony pushed and licensed the format doesn't mean you didn't have options or _had to_ buy Sony's branded sticks. SanDisk in particular was always vastly cheaper than Sony, too. Complaining that the PSP didn't use SD (which wasn't industry standard at the time) is like complaining that your Betamax player doesn't accept VHS tapes, too. Add this to the next video of Norm's biggest gaffes.
I got a second hand Vita for a song last year. Still had to pay through the nose for the memory card though. Refused to buy anything Sony ever since.
physical tangible evidence
They shut down the Playstation Network on 4/20? I bet tons of stoners were pissed/confused that day
Do the Microsoft... let's roasting the bill gates his  viruses...
corporations
Thank you for your valuable contribution to the gaming culture! I always look forward to watch your new documentaries. Have any plans on releasing something regarding the SEGA Master System?
Best PS3 game was Catherine, prove me wrong.
why everything uses proprietary thingy for useless goods?.
I remember a portugese studio that whent bankrupt because of the hack because the hack happend during their game's launch and after the hack games from bigger franchises launched and their game didn't make any money
The VITA may have been a failure but it gave us gravity rush 1 and eventually 2 for main console ps4
I love love the Vita. Possibly the best handheld ever! Switch is sweet too, however not as "portable" as a vita.
Im kinda pissed this immersion company got 176mil.... like bro.. FOR WHAT? Rumble has been around since forever dude.  Wtf did they sue for or win for? So stupid. I feel sorry for both companies. Bcz i want to know details. I just dont see what they sued for. It cant be for the design or rumble itself i mean the tech has been around forever. Idk that kinda irked me. And when did lawsuit begin? Considering it settled 2007 but even ps1 had it since 97 or 98. Soooo wtf. Seems they didnt have a case for sue until years later?!?  Edit. They sort of began their touch and vibration tech in 93. First sued both by 02 and even apple for iphone stuff. This doesnt seem like an area you can sue. I wonder if nintendos joycon stuff is immersions or if they will get sued too. I meam for a small vibration in a controller? Wow.
Biggest Misstake, that you need to pay for PSN with PLUS Membership to pay with Friends! They are not XBOX.
Microsoft's biggest mistakes when?
PSvita PSgo PsVitaTV
Love it. I vote for Atari hands down for the next mistakes video! I want to hear your take on Jaguar. I owned one in '96. Way at the end of its lifespan. They were trying to get rid of them in this computer magazine and I said, "64 bits"?! I was so proud that I had a 64 bit system and my friends only had a wimpy 32 PS1. If I only knew then.....Anyway, Atari's mistakes or a video about Jaguar would be so awesome.
you forgot shutting down the servers for Grand Turismo 5 and 6 :(
I remember the PS3 very well. There was kind of this idea on the schoolyard. The Wii was for casuals, the X-box was for the cool ones and the PS3 was for people who either had no life or had way too much money. The PS3 was seen as something for nerds who will blow all their money on games and nothing else.
For the PS3 let's not forget that Microsoft has entered the market the generation before, and Microsoft has a much deeper wallet than Sony. Sony was worried about all the features Microsoft could add (the original Xbox had a HDD & Microsoft had helped work on the Dreamcast software). Sony being scared of what Microsoft is capable of went a bit crazy like a game developer (a game is never truly finished). Microsoft turned out to offer a most basic nextgen system, it didn't have hdmi (in the box) or even wifi...  TL;DR - I think sony was scared of Microsoft, and got they got stuck in their own heads of what Microsoft is capable of..
I never forgot the PSN Hack of 2011.  The reason why was because MK2011 released on the very last day anything was useable online. April 19th.
I also have 360 in that generation. Playstation 3 was nothing for me 🙂 but Xbox One did a lot of mistake so think every generation have problems
This guy is awesome with his presentation. He obviously has done his homework and due diligence. Thanks
Cool one!! 🤘
That was fun.
“PS3 came out and Resistance was its best game”  / What the fuck?  MororStorm was much better, and Virtua Fighter 5 was also a launch title!
I like to imagine the PS3 and its wackass hardware alone is worth 3 mistakes. Because boy is it hard to go back to muddy 720p 20 fps games. At least with the generations prior to PS360 you know what to expect and it's not just a constant reminder of disappointments.
Ps move
Do Ataris biggest mistakes next
Here’s how I would’ve handled the PlayStation Vita:  - backwards compatibility with the PSP’s UMDs, while also putting new PlayStation Vita games on Super UMDs - put more energy into promoting the system - do more to get more 3rd parties onboard - later into the system’s life, release a 4G version - if EA still won’t support the system, revive the World Tour Soccer and GameDay sports game series’ for the system, the latter with CFL teams - have the system use micro SD cards instead of proprietary memory cards
Sony music for a while included a sort of DRM on it's CDs. If you loaded the music CDs into a computer it automatically installed the DRm and only allowed you to copy the CD so many times. Later this software was used in a hack to install root kits into several machines, there was a class action law suit about it as well. Maybe this is mistake number 4? I'm not sure if it's worse than the proprietary memory cards or not.
$600 was never a good price for a Blu-ray player. I was very happy with DVDs for years until the price came down. I got a PS3 for 200 bucks and a regular Blu-ray player years later for less than a 100. Patience people!
I think their biggest mistake was censoring the anime games to cater to those soccer moms
I know he wore that shirt just to mess with us lol, awesome video once again.
Biggest mistake is removing backward compatibility PERIOD! Hopefully PS5 later down the line at least has PS3 compat. Im glad it plays PS4 games but i have a digital and physical library of PS3 games.
Definitely gotta do Microsoft next, but you have to focus on Xbox because Microsoft as a tech company has their own mistakes. So I guess call it Xbox's 3 biggest mistakes rather than Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes.
You cant do 3 biggest mistakes for Atari. Like, I think that company is literally just mistakes.
Sony's mistake, the Playstation TV, it was basically pretty much a compact PS3 and digital only with a limited internal storage space.
The guy talking about them being a tech company that didn't prepare proper security reminds me of my college. It's a tech school with many web design, development, security, and databasing courses, but they outsource their website. They don't have faith in their own students and faculty to be able to produce something in-house.
What about Microsoft
Sony was in a tough spot with PS3. They could go with Blu-ray and be more future proof or go with DVD and be behind on the times immediately. I don't think they had much choice. They had helped to create Blu-ray in the first place so there's no way they could go with HD DVD and couldn't go with regular DVD because it was soon to be out dated. They were fucked either way. PS3's big problem was the cell tech. It made games hard to develop which hurt Sony and it fucked them in the future because it made backwards compatibility a problem. I think going with cell was their biggest mistake in the PS3 era, not Blu-Ray. Yes, Blu-Ray made the price way higher, but like I said before, they were stuck in that department and had no choice.
Nintendo  had 100s of customer's credit cards and accounts hacked this year, where's the outrage?
Nintendo's biggest mistake created the PlayStation, a major competitor. SEGA's biggest mistake made them go out of the console business altogether. Sony 'only' lost 171 million and consumer trust temporarily.
Still the best handhelds  ever made . Still have my psp and ps vita with remote play for the ps4. Paid $799 in Australia for my ps3 when first came out . Sony kick ass and can't wait for ps5.
Memory Card price "."
I should say you should cover Microsoft's 3 Biggest Mistakes next time
The memory card thing is the same as ATRAC. They lost the music player market by forcing everyone to use ATRAC instead of just supporting MP3 and other formats.
Nec please!
I definitely agree with all 3 of those. I feel the ridiculous memory cards of the Vita is what killed it. It was discontinued much sooner than it should have done.
For me, one of Sony's biggest mistake was enforcing censorship, but that's a more recent topic.
Yep, I didn't get a PS3 until the slim came out. It was $1000au at launch.  I got an Xbox 360 at launch. spent most of my time on the 360 that generation. Xbox was just so much better. When I got a PS3 I got it with Uncharted 1 and 2 and Ratchet and clank a crack in time. Great games. But PSN online was just horrible compared to Xbox Live So All my online play on Xbox live...
#1 was ditching handhelds.
I love your mini documentaries.
Is my favorite historian getting older ? You`re looking tired. Anyway great video, like always.
Sony is slime. Like the Republican party.
One Big mistake that Sony had done is the Life of Black Tiger. You guys remember that game?
Gaming Historian w/ the 70s Porno Outro Music. Heh, heh, allRIIIGHT!
I had a PS3. Bought it around 2y into the system. I didn't know about any of these xD
There was an ad at 10:23 and it couldn't have been more perfect lmao
Owned both PS3 and 360. 360s were terrible for durability and I hope you put that on Microsoft 3 biggest mistakes. I went through 7 systems that got the red ring of death. Their disc trays were made poorly or they would overheat which caused that issue 90 % of the time. I had one PS3 the whole time. It lasted almost 10 years before finally dying. Great durable system
You the man, Norm.
Some addendums to #3 and #2:  First, in the Vita's case, it really didn't help that even games that came physical still required an installation on the Vita memory card. So unlike the 3DS you had to have a large memory card since data were partially stored on the device, and it didn't help that quite a decent amount of (japanese) Vita games were released as digital-only releases in the West (often, the US would get a physical release whereas Europe would not as well).  On behalf of the PS3, the launch was even more of a disaster here in Europe. It was supposed to come out at the end of 2006, but due to a shortage in the production of the laser diodes for the blu-ray player caused the EU launch to be postponed for three months, resulting in Sony all but handing the EU holiday market to Nintendo on a silver platter.  On part of another "3 mistakes"... Atari sounds good, but MS has probably a few too.
That is something to think about. Thank you so much for the video.
that is some sexy credits music
make video of story of  super mario world please
Kinda funny they won the war on Blu Ray to lose to digital.
NEC’s mistakes should be an interesting topic to tackle.
Propiatary memory is coming back sadly.
You should do Atari next.
should do one on apple and its war on gaming and now complete greed on gaming also its anti consumer bs it has be doing for years.
The number 1 mistake is another huge blunder compared to SEGA
As a big Spiderman fan...I hate Sony lol
Perhaps u can find out why PS3 has slumped n PS4 has begun to descend down n the early rise of PS5 which didn’t HIT the game market
I’m glad I stopped buying any new games or consoles after PS2 , nothing gels for me , enjoying my genesis mini though , maybe turbo 16 mini will be an eventual purchase but that’d be it, MGS 3 was the last thing that was exciting to me , I remember going to a friends house to see what I missed with MGS 4 a few times , not a lot haha , bloated prices , graphics , cutscenes , limited gameplay and artistry , seemed to sum it all up for me , the art and challenge seems to have gone out of games , SOTN was my gold standard and nothing has since touched it , cuphead looks pretty cool but that’s about it , there’s art and challenge there clearly , Mario makers an interesting idea but many years late , eh , every industry just disappoints me more and more as time goes on , I’m old, snobby and grouchy now
Do NEC Next!!! The TurboGrafx 16 many of my fondest memories as a teen revolved around that console. Its time in the US was a mere blip compared to its lifespan in Japan. It could've been so much more if it arrived in the US just a couple years sooner. RIP TG16
Locking up Red Dead 1 behind PS Now is ,in my opinion , a big mistake on Sony’s part
Norm... You're such a rock star. I ABSOLUTELY love your channel. Keep up the AWESOME work, Boss.
How about the Playstation Classic which was their attempt to cash in Nintendo’s success in mini video game consoles?
A hacked psvita is the best retro gaming machine creates to date.
Good stuff.
I always felt that the apology for the data breach was not well handled.  Free games are good but only titles they picked for you, yeah your credit info might have been taken and maybe your identity, but at least you get these free games that WE hand picked for you.  What crap.  I loved my PS3 until that had happened.  Don't get me started on the Vita, so much wasted potential.
On point for this on Sony. Their arrogance was their downfall. Instead of respecting and loving their community, they tried to milk them for all of it's worth. They should learn from this and learn to keep their community satisfied and safe or else the same community might leave them for good.
Sony's 4th biggest mistake is moving from Japan to California and bystander censoring any niche japanese games while western games are left intacted.
Looking toward to the day you make an episode of this subject about Atari because man... You have a life-lasting supply of mistakes they did...
It's OK.  Arrogant Sony redeemed themselves (kind of) by letting Demon's Souls exist.  Too bad they didn't want to publish it for outside of Japan though.  We have Atlus to thank for that.  It also seems like they might have finally learned from their past mistakes starting with the PS4 launch.  We'll see if they have any more huge stumbles leading into next-gen.  So far, they seem to have the edge over Microsoft at least when it comes to next-gen titles and not being entirely hamstrung by the current generation.  Also, funny thing about the Wii sales vs PS3 sales is that despite having less sales overall, the PS3 eventually had a way better library, while the Wii was almost exclusively shovelware outside of like ten titles.
FIVE HUNDRED NINETY NINE US DOLLARS
It's not just in gaming -- Sony is remarkably anti-consumer in so much of what it sells
Sony in 2006 was the beginning of their dark age, the PS3 era was much like the equivalent to the Microsoft’s Xbone. I tolerated memory sticks with PSP, but the Vita it discouraged people and got the 3DS instead!
Well, kinda interesting that Microsoft now aims for proprietary 'Xbox Series X Storage Expansion Cards' and XSX is rumored to be $599.
Apple's biggest mistakes would be an interesting topic.
Not so much a missed mistake as something I feel always gets glossed over regarding this hack. It COMPLETELY killed the partnership between Valve and Sony. You mentioned it briefly, but it affected way more than just the launch of Portal 2. Valve was preparing to bring Steamworks to Playstation with Portal 2, and we may have ended up with a Playstation/Steam Ecosystem where your Steam library was shared to your console. At the very least, we might have gotten more Valve games on Playstation 3. The framework is there for the in-game inventory to be shared between Steam's inventory as well.
No wonder way I hate Sony for its @^%$y console's. Thank's @Gaming Historian. I mean it.
Definitely hope you do Atari next since their biggest mistake almost caused video games to end as we know it.
I have to say that almost everything that is a complaint about the PS3, is a complaint I have. The price that cry babies want to to complain about. "Well the Wii and the Xbox..." Both crap systems. Xbox is and will always be a short end of the stick kind of system. They notoriously lied about graphics with the 360. "Oh it is 1080." Except none of the systems ever had a GPU that could hit above 720. So yeah, a real gamer would want a better system. Plenty of gamers spend over a grand for a pc. $600 isn't nothing if the system can support the price. The PS3 gave up a lot of features to drop the price. That was their failure, not the $600 price tag. Also,  paying $26 million for rumble feature? First off, no one can copyright a thought concept and block anyone from using something similar. Blatantly stealing an idea is a problem. Second. Wtf put rumble in a controller? It is dumb anyways. It gives no realistic feedback. It is just a bunch of nonsense in my controller that I can't stand anyways. I dont need my controller rumbling because I picked up a frying pan that is deemed as a weapon. Nor should it vibrate violently while swinging a 4 pound item. I love the videos you put out. Sorry to be so against the point of view. I just feel the PS3 always gets mistreated and was underappreciated. It was a huge step forward in gaming. Better than the famous PS2 and the 360. The WiFi dont count. It wasn't a real threat. Nintendo never intended to be in the console war. (Until the Switch. They came out swinging with that technology.)
Someone needs to do a full on lizard squad documentary.
Just gonna say, trying to choose just three mistakes for the eventual Xbox video is going to be difficult.
How about a video of ps3 yellow light of death and xbox 360 red ring of death
Hah, was definitely hoping for an Atari or Microsoft episode in this series eventually, and sounds like you're already considering them both.  This was another great entry!  The PS3 era was certainly not a good one for Sony.  Also, as Extra Credits put it: Do not mess with the people that install Linux on their PS3.
Actually its go a be interesting to know more about Atari
Xbox is going to be a hard video to whittle down
Love your videos! Good to see some content about the vita and how Sony dropped the ball on it. Would really like to see a dedicated vita video at some point. Good luck in grad school!
What most people don’t understand abouI that weird baby PlayStation 3 ad was this: it wasn’t meant to “make sense” in the traditional aspect. It perfectly did exactly what it had set out to do. It created a LOT of discussion and a lot of attention due to how bizzare it was, but also this... we all remember it clearly. And even more importantly, we all remember it was for PLAYSTATION 3. How many 360 ads do you remember to clearly? You remember that baby ad so vividly and distinctly remember what it was advertising lol there is absolutely no confusion and no mix up with it, you remember, PlayStation 3
SD2Vita was a godsend. The proprietary memory cards with Vita was so bullshit. It's definitely an underrated handheld in general though that Vita 1000 model is glorious.
Wow, glad i hazed over the PS3 days 🤔  OH ALSO DO ATARI NEXT!!!
I love my PS Vita but not as much as my PSP
I don’t think Sony ever recovered user trust completely from the PSN hack. Some people to this day (myself included) don’t save their credit card info on PSN. For a very long time after that incident I used prepaid PSN cards to buy stuff. Now I only use PayPal on PSN.
For Microsoft do it for os, xbox , internet and consumer products
Historian: No rumble.  Also Historian: *Massive Cheeky Grin*
I think you should add the word PlayStation somewhere in the title. While off-topic to your channel the decision to make beta max tapes an hour, losing the format war, was much bigger mistake.
Appreciate you highlighting "Omega Boost" on PS1. Absolutely incredible game, but most impressive were its graphics at the time.
Atari, But there are so many its has to be a top 10.. 😬
Still enjoy my Vita.
YES  you missed the mistake of all them damn Disney Final Fantasy games !!!!!!!!!  There's 20 of those don't forget.
When the PS3 came out I was always envious of PS3 owners, but now looking back on what happened I'm kind of glad I never got one and had my Xbox 360.
Sony's biggest mistake was betamax, that cost them a boatload of money,even though it was better than VHS....
I worked at Walmart during the PS3 launch. We received only 4 but didn’t sell a single one for 2 weeks. Contrast to the Wii launch around the same time where we had 25 and sold them all out at midnight when it launched.
The Vita was killed by not using SD Cards.
I too chose the 360 over the PS3 but, knowing about the RRoD, kept my PS2 as a DVD player.  Then I moved and my PS2 got busted in the move, and I was on my 3rd 360 due to the RRoD, and I had just gotten that nice stimulus check from the Bush administration, so with my new 32 inch plasma TV decided to get a blu-ray player and thought "If I'm gonna get a BR player, I should just get a PS3!"  I finally threw out that PS3 just a few weeks ago.  The disc drive died years ago so I wennt to download only games and had replaced the HDD many times over the years for more space.  It seemed Sony finally did learn the "proprietary memory" thing was a bad idea and, thankfully, the PS3 just used standed laptop HDDs
How about Neogeo?
SUCK  FONY
I was really impressed with the companies public handling of the hack. the public apology and with a long deep bow was something i had never seen company executives do. Really showed me the difference of American and Japanese company culture. Compare it to microsoft when they found out about the red ring they tried to hide and deny it as long as they could even though they had the real numbers and info.
Ya know it’s like I always say, Baby wanna doo-doo, then babies gotta poo-poo. Am I right?
Sony has a mistake they are slowly getting better at but they only allow Crossplay with a very few games.  This is mainly a problem with MMO games as they tend to segregate those on other consoles from playing with them.   Final Fantasy XIV can't go to other console platforms because Sony told them no so Square Enix is stuck on PC and PS4.  DC Universe Online is in a similar boat.  PC and PS4 can interact but XBOX and Switch players can not.  I could go on and on about Crossplay.  When will console companies realize that by not allowing people to play games with each other you're just pushing them to play everything on PC.
Microsoft > Atari > EA
Can you make a video on Microsoft's biggest mistakes?
You should have added the playstation one classic.
Thanks
I would like to see you cover the Eiffel 65 song “My Console” which is about the PlayStation and some of its popular games.  Or maybe you can tell us your top 10 video game soundtracks and composers!
I mean I can see why Sony wanted to add a Blu-Ray player to the PS3. One of the major selling points of the PS2 over the gamecube was the fact it could be used as a DVD player for cheaper than a stand alone DVD player, thus attracting the home media market. The fact this was a move made too soon didn't help, certainly, though.
You forgot Sony moving their HQ to California and censoring niche Japanese games that will only ever release in Japan. Also TLoU2.
Nice video... 'esentially'   paku paku
PS3 is one of the worst consoles in history, and an absolute disaster for Sony all the way.
I just wanna sit around and talk about games with Norm all day
🙂, great episode!
I forgot how terrible PSN was on PS3. Jeez. PS3 improved a lot during the generation but some things never got much better.  Sony to absurdly, laughably arrogant after the PS2 destroyed everyone. They thought Blu-Ray would be DVD all over again. They didn't realize that for most people Blu-Ray was not as big a leap in quality, tech, and convenience that VHS to DVD was. Plus not a ton of people had HDTVs in 2006.
Even to this day Sony is so anti-consumer it's disgusting.
I know this is a gaming channel but I think Sony losing the mp3 wars to Apple was worse because they never recovered
It's not that Sony didn't understand the market.  Sony always acted as if they *dominated* the market, and always would.
I think the cost of their portable systems in general were the biggest gripe with people. But for someone like me that considered it and saw the memory stick costs it was a deal breaker. I don't know if they were faster or whatever.
I was lucky I wasn't one whose account was hacked since I never put my bank of account information in. When that incident occurred
I really liked the original 60 GB PS3, and still have mine. I thought it was still a great deal, considering the value of what you got in the deal. It just didn't hit at the right time, financially, I think. It sucks, because the console ended up losing a ton of great features, including backwards compatibility.
Sony has always used proprietary bullshit, sadly. Whether it was power adapters or memory sticks, they were dedicated as fuck to that bullshit. They finally loosened up, but it was horrific for quite a while. ESPECIALLY in the 1990's/2000's.
I'd like to see the 3 biggest mistakes from Atari next
I would have also added the Playstation Classic to the list
The PS3 launch was terrible, but in the end I think they still won. Better exclusives. The more power in the system has let it chug along longer than it's competition and blu-rays are the standard. I still have my PS3 plugged in.
Microsoft because I think 1 of their Biggest Mistakes was making HD DVD to Compete with Sony which Sadly Lost! ALSO having it as a Separate Peripheral for the Xbox360 since they didn't put it in the System and probably didn't anyway but I don't know I never got the Xbox360 so I don't know if they add it into the System or Not!
Not gonna lie, I loved my Vita but there were almost no games so I traded it in for more 3DS games.
The PSN hack was SOOOOOO stupid. Did they hire a bunch of college freshmen to code PSN? No wonder it sucked so bad in general. I knew about the un-encrypted credit cards, but the fact they were mocked for using out of date software by a hacker group. That's what you get when you let someone unqualified to make the decision to use old software. I've seen it. Managers with no technical background have the belief that older software is more "stable". I get the feeling they think because it's older it's been worked on and polished? That's not how software releases work! Bug fixes for an older release are found in dun dun dun newer releases! Someone pay me 6 figures.
I can’t wait for Microsoft’s three biggest mistakes
So the one time Sony actually won an electronic format war with Blu-ray, and it still backfired on them in one way when they tried to push it too hard, too soon on their consumers with the PS3.
Always super well researched and crispy information right out of the box, Norm! Also, you're killing it with that awesome editing and BGM! 👏👏👏
It was more than just the proprietary memory issues that sunk Sony's handhelds.  They didn't realize the lesson that everybody else who ever tried to compete with Nintendo in the dedicated gaming handheld market ultimately learned: Handheld gamers generally care more about quality games, price, and occasionally cool new hardware features over superior specs.
About time somebody shat on sony thanks Gabe!
They've redeemed themselves with me by releasing PlayStation VR. A huge chunk of my childhood dreams come true. It's over 3 years later and almost 3000 hours in the headset and I'm still exclusively playing VR. Comfort for long sessions and ease of use make it way more used than my Rift or Quest.
Special consolation prize goes to the Sony PlayStation Classic.  What a flop (at MSRP).  Very fun to soft mod when it got cheap though!
“It’s funny how a proprietary format to prevent piracy and hacking ... caused piracy and hacking.” ZING!!
I might have said removing "Other OS" was one of their biggest mistakes, but on a top-3 list you kinda have to put the Sony hack at the top. That's a LOT of stolen credit cards!
Ea blunders would be a good one.
I remember people joking about getting a "Wii60" because they could buy both a Nintendo Wii AND an Xbox 360 for less than the price of the PS3... and still afford a game as well.
It's Ridge Racer..... *R I I I I I I I D G E E E E   R A A A A A C C E E E E E R R R R R R R ! ! ! ! ! !* 🤪🤪🤪🤪🤪
PSVita memory card is just a modified version of their Memory Stick M2 (not top be confused with the M.2 slot that were used for SSDs) used in their former Sony Ericsson phones and also, Sony just already quitting the memory card wars by starting to make SD cards in 2010.
Sony execs have no real knowledge of their customer base. It's really a strange relationship. From Sony Music to Sony Games to Sony movies, etc. At every turn they try to protect their property at the expense of their legitimate, legal consumers. Sony's desire to protect their IP has been mostly ineffective as those people who are going to steal their IP will have done so very quickly.
1 and 2 were pretty obvious. 3 didn’t surprise me too much because I don’t know a single person that had a psp or a vita.
Norm should have mentioned that the PS3 wiped out all the profits Sony made from PS1 and PS2
I have to make a correction on the PSN hack. I went to college with one of the hackers myself and he was definitely arrested by the FBI. In his plea deal, he was able to avoid direct prison time and his name being outed to the public but the rest of the group was identified through his information.
ive always been a big fan of sony. tvs, stereo & audio equipment. and playstations. but i never got a vita or psp due to the memory stick issues. im not paying that much for that
Said it since the PS2, SONY were just lucky with their system: 5th Gen: SEGA didn't concentrate on an easy to develop 3D system and Nintendo avoided CD technology, so PS1 won. 6th Gen: The world was ready for DVD, Nintendo avoided it, MS was new and required a separate purchase for DVD, so PS2 won.  8th Gen part 1: MS fucks up the pre-launch and Nintendo confuses the market, so the PS4 won  And when they didn't have the luck of having the competition fucking up: 7th Gen: SONY got arrogant, people didn't care for Blu-Ray this early on, well Nintendo kicked their ass and MS were tied them with their 2nd system. On the portable side, SONY didn't get handheld gaming, so Nintendo kicked their ass like they did with so many other handheld competition in the past. 8th Gen part 2: Nintendo decides not screw-up with their new system (Switch) and the numbers are catching-up to the PS4. On the portable side, SONY STILL didn't get handheld gaming, so Nintendo kicked their ass like they did with so many other handheld competition in the past.
Next, we tackle Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes... 33 installments to follow.
The Sony reps publicly apologized for the data breach. Public seppuku would've been less insulting.
I really wanted to love the vita but Sony didn't want me to
No mention of ps3's cell processor?
I purposely bought a 32GB Sony SS card for $20 to use on my 3DS to emphasize how ridiculous the Vita card pricing was
What I think is an honorable mention for a Sony mistake:  Releasing the Vita and Xperia Play around the same time.  These two devices should have been combined into a single device.
The PS1 and PS2 also required proprietary memory cards to save.  There were 3rd party ones, but they were very prone to failure due to the "Magic Gate" encryption Sony used.
If you haven't done it yet, The 3 biggest mistakes of the 3DO.
IT security guy here.  Not directly video game related, but Sony's BMG audio CD debacle deserves mention.  Sony is single-handedly responsible for popularizing rootkits as a vector of attack for PC's.  Denied they did it, then when caught, said that most users don't know what a rootkit is, so why should they care?  I haven't purchased a Sony product since.
I hated Vita's memcards, but I'd replace that mistake with failing to lock down Monster Hunter exclusivity. How they let go of a series that sold 12.5 million copies on their portable is beyond me. MH gave PSP life, and jumping ship to 3DS buried Vita early on
I know a lot of people like to hate on the PS3 and the launch was clunky and very expensive but I love my PS3 the fact that I didn’t have to pay for online play was necessary for me as a kid   Also I never was able to get my free PS3 games after the hack idk why 🤷‍♂️
And you got to use Windows Media Center with the 360.. RIP.
The mistake of Sony's "content policy" of 2018 that forces Japanese games to be censored after having them reviewed by an English-only board.
how about the ps3 architecture that made it a huge pain to develop games for the system, ruining the reputation of the entire generation because of inferior multiplat titles
For me it was no backward compatibility on the PS4. I had a huge library of PS games from every gen since the first one that were unplayable.  Invested in a good gaming pc and gave up on consoles after that.
Could the baby Ps3 ad maybe have been inspired by 2001:A Space Odyssey? That's personally my theory but maybe I'm totally off. Excellent video!
You nailed it Norm.  The data hack was atrocious.  I have been a Sony fan forever, but their arrogance and proprietary bullshit has always bugged the hell out of me.
Actually you can get a SD adapter that doesn't require a custom firmware for the vita. You just have to look. And as a final note I believe PSN is alright but it really needs to be improved even today. PS Plus is cheaper but it's not really a great value but price wise.
I love how white this guy is lol but fr good content
..I mean..technically Sony has been making memory cards specifically for their system since PS1.
Cool documentary!
Maybe not in the top 3, but the sony rootkit on cd's ranks up there.
You should do 3DO
I remember getting the psp and memory card bundle and it cost me almost 400 dollars. It was ridiculous!
The release of the PS3 was Nintendo's turn to "Two-ninety-nine" Sony.
I'll never understand why people do their audio this way...it makes your video suck, it just comes off as poorly done ADR. It's so distracting and annoying. You shouldn't be happy with these results, but I guess you're fine with it so whatever I guess.
Microsoft!
Atari do it
Great video!
Can speak to the Vita memory issue: I bought a Vita because it was (at the time) the only way to play all Persona games on one console, and I was interested in them after hearing glowing reviews for them, and it could basically serve the role of a smart phone, which meant I didn't need to upgrade my years old early-gen smartphone. Then I realized that with the memory card I bought could basically store only a few GBs more than the persona games I got the system for took up, so I basically never bought another game for the system, and just used it as a smartphone replacement that could also play Persona games, until smartphones advanced enough that it wasn't even really good at that anymore.
For other Sony mistakes  I would definitely include the changing of location of the main Sony headquarters to California  As this is caused many Japanese titles to have to be viewed by a western Point of view and forces censorship in order to get those games available on the platform.
I would put the requiring gamers to pay for a membership to play online as my personal #1. That's why I have gone to p.c. and will never buy another console.
Wow, Sony with their proprietary nonsense is a lot like Apple's "lightning" cable bullshit.
Didnt Sony install malware on a bunch of PCs in the early 00s?
I’m surprised PSP White is Coming wasn’t mentioned
LA Noire came out at the time of the hacking. I remember being pissed because you couldn’t redeem any preorder dlc for it.
1. PSP umds  2. PlayStation 3 fat  3. Ps vita memory card
11:31  That event happened on my birthday!
Sony's biggest mistake: removing OtherOS from the PlayStation 3. Do not get on the bad side of hackers. One thing that I've learned in my life is that anything can be hacked, given enough time.
911 wouldnt happen if Sony just stuck with nintendo.
Gotta do one for Atari, it's a must
I have a feeling part of what enabled Sony's gaming division to bounce back from the hack was their sheer size. Fuckups like that can kill smaller companies. Hell, look how big Atari used to be, and all it took was one shitty console launch and they crumbled like the Roman Empire.
To me, their biggest mistake aside from the "support" they gave the PSvita was also the "support" they gave to PlayStation All-Stars. Looking at the history of the game is really depressing how Sony treated that game, as well as the developers behind the title, SuperBot Entertainment.  And this is coming from someone whose not only a Nintendo fan (though, I have grown up with PlayStation, as well), but prefers Smash Bros. over Sony's alternative.
How about doing one on SNK?
Next up. Bethesda by internet historian.
TBF, with a memory card & jailbroke PSP, you have an EXCELLENT portable emulator that plays everything older than the PSP. I played sooo many Nintendo games on mine, and when my Wii finally died I continued the frankengaming tradition by emulating the games on PC and playing them with a 360 controller lol. PSP also did everything today's smart phones do, in a time when I had a flip phone, so that was awesome, too!
New Game Historian video? Me click.
NEC
You forgive me?
I can't wait for nec biggest mistakes 😁
Their biggest mistake was buying Spider-Man
Getting rid of backwards compatibility so we have to have multiple game systems.  I have PS1 and PS2 games that I love that I can't play anymore because I gave my PS2 to a club garage sale since I had the first-gen PS3 that had backwards compatibility and that machine died and I had to replace it with one that doesn't have that.
Sony wasn't the only one tied to Blu-ray, so their choice wasn't solely about them establishing dominance to inflate the user base of a new optical media. It was a bit of a factor, but there were 8 other companies involved with Blu-ray. Sony's decision to use BD for games was maybe a bit more parallel with Sega's choice to make GD-ROM discs when they launched the Dreamcast. Sony felt DVDs weren't enough anymore since we were starting to see games with multiple DVDs. It's entirely possible they could've went with another media choice with similar results. I never really felt like this was one of their biggest mistakes (or a mistake at all, for that matter).  Also, fun fact the 20GB versions of the PS3 also lacked both wifi and the card reader.
4:54 that is $755 if you adjust for inflation. 🧐
PSN is still a clunky, slow and bad UI mess today.
Other Sony’s 3 mistakes.  1. They took spiderman from the MCU and take advantage of his rights (even though spiderman is back in mcu but still.) 2. They don’t allow Spider-Man to be on avengers Xbox 3. People hated Spyro remakes
This was an awesome video!
Great video. Looking forward to your next one. While I think an Atari top 3 biggest mistakes would be cool, I would honestly prefer an NEC top 3 biggest mistakes video. I'm sure there's more Atari related content on YouTube vs NEC. It'd be nice to have a little NEC gaming history from everyone's favorite gaming historian.
That very first talking point left a lasting issue with me personally... it took me YEARS to start saying "flash drive" instead of "memory stick" or "usb stick".   I couldn't understand why slightly younger folks didn't know what I was talking about, until I realized they hadn't grown up with memory sticks.
It's a shame what happened to the Vita. I didn't pick one up until pretty much after it was dead, but even then, it took me years before I really used the thing. With the memory cards being so damn absurd in price, I ended up just ignoring the console until I finally bought an SD adapter recently and hacked the thing (I only had a 4GB memory card and it was nearly impossible to get through games with that much of a limitation). It's unfortunate that easily their best hardware, and probably their only somewhat innovative hardware, was the one that failed most heavily due to Sony's ass-backward greed.
I was one of the people who ended up with a vita for my birthday (around 2014-15, when I was 12). I begged my parents for a 3ds since I was a massive Pokémon fan back then, but it was not to be. My parents passed me what the seller told them that turned their decision around, he said "the 3ds is a kids console, the vita will last him all the way to army training!". Boy, how wrong he was, we only ever got 3 games for it, minecraft, fifa 15 and wrc 5, not sure if this gripe is well founded, but the games seemed horribly expensive at 50-60 euros. I'm pretty sure the clerk's wording was done because they could barely move those things (evidenced by the fact that I have only met 1 person who has owned one and the fact that they stopped distributing games for it here 1.5-2 years later), I feel somewhat cheated since it's the only console I have ever owned to this day. I've stopped using it due to joystick drift lately. Very nice to hold and use though, and I never had problems with the 8 gb card since all my games were on carts, sucks that the software was never up to par.
I love my vita,  so many japanese games of culture.  :3 You left out that there was no trophy system at the launch of PS3, they just copied Xbox Live achievements system
Plss review the "NEC PC Engine" tnx😅
That may have legitimately been the reason the vita failed.
“PlayStation Network was sluggish”  It still is.
Two more but might be problematic depending on which viewpoint to tell is: TLoU2 in terms of PR and Fortnite PS4 players having their profile captive when attempting to play on somewhere.
biggest mistakes....thus far
The antimodding stance of Sony spilled over into other anticonsumer repair resistant corporate garbage we are still living with.
Loving the music in this whole episode, and love the video as always!
Sony missed the market that Nintendo now has a lock on with the Switch.
You should make a side series about all the stuff that happened to you at gamestop, I’d binge that shit like crazy
I remember the Sony hack like it was yesterday. I’m glad I was one of the lucky few who didn’t have their bank information on there back then (I was 16 at the time, and paid for PSN stuff through redeem cards), but damn, imagine having a weekend of Black Ops with the boys cancelled because of this. At least I got a free copy of Infamous from this! 😅
There was that leap-year error on march 1st 2010 where older model PS3's stopped working for 24 hours because they thought it was February 29th, which messed with some kind of authentication system.
16:48 We all know Microsoft's biggest mistake, or at least one of them. The XBOX ONE announcement.
I think Sony has this nonsense with prop memory cards ever since the Playstation One. I remember being shocked (and outraged), when somebody told me that the PS Memory Card held less than a floppy disk's and had 10 times the price.
Tldw; the ps3
Neo Geo's biggest mistakes, please!!  I remember the Sony hack. I was so pissed. I was so into Uncharted 2's online at the time!
With all the craziness going on now, have you ever thought about what happens after you die?
Wait...I see an Aladdin. Didn't they all get destroyed in that mass unexplained explosion of games that only targeted Deck Enhancers?
That console on the shelve, its an Atari VCS? :O
I know Sony has had some blunders but I still feel they catered gamer better than the rest. At least to me, 4 generations of dominance in the console market are no easy task.
I remember when I went to download my "2 free games", I picked Infamous and Little Big Planet. I watched them download (supposedly) from start to nearly finish throughout the day.  I woke up for a nap, the screen no longer showed that the games were downloading so I was like "sweet. I'm gonna play these 2 free games now!" Went to my game library, guess what? THEY WERE NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.  So I assumed "fuck, there must have been an error, okay, ill just go into my "purchase history" and re-download them. Annoying but not the end of the world, right? Well guess what? Yup.. THEY WERENT THERE.  So I was like "what the literal fuck. Okay, ill just go back to the free game menu in the PSN Store and start the whole process from scratch.   Yup..... you guessed it. The option to pick 2 free games wasn't there.   Never got my games.  Sony, you still owe me.   They fixed their shit though, i forgave them over a long period of time.
Yay, new video!  Miss that handsome face,  great voice and of course the great content 🤣.
Microsoft Mistakes (prediction):  3: Original controller (The Duke) 2: The Xbox One launch 1: The Red Ring of Death
I had my PSN account hacked and my credit card used really pissed me off.
Roy is watching 👀.
Lol wow playstation fan boy here,  Norm you rock.  Love your work.
Don't really think the ps3 500 dollar wasn't so bad. They where aiming at teens who grew up with the console eventually we grew up and had more money on our pockets makes sense. If you couldn't afford one says something about your upbringing probably still stuck on drugs or blaming your problems at someone else. Not sure but the value of the mighty dollar was not good at that time like I said not sure it's been 10 years or so
XBOX>PS ..But Nintendo first party IPs are the best
Probably biggest mistake is related somewhat to number 1, when the master keys for signing PS3 code leaked out. Can't fix it without bricking and recalling every single previous PS3 ever made.
“Essentially” is spelled with 2 s.
I remember when the PSN hack happened, lost almost all of my purchased games from the PS Store. Then there was that spoofed patch for some CoD game, think it was 4 or MW2, that locked people out of launching the game completely. Fun times, thanks Sony.
what I want to know is the title of the music you've used.
Honestly, the entirety of the PSN hack made me glad that I was a Nintendo kid. Sure, the Wii's online wasn't as robust as the PSN, but the hack just made me super angry for everyone who had a PlayStation console (both PS3 and PSP) at the time. I legitimately had to ask my cousins if they had been checking their information on their PS3's. Long story short, the PSN hack further cemented my hatred towards Sony as a company.
Don't know about NEC, but I am very much open to seeing the biggest mistakes from Atari (including their role in the crash of '83) and Microsoft (including the infamous "Red Ring of Death" debacle).
"haha.... shut up now" - Roy
I expect Microsoft to be next. I hope you mention the $100 mandatory addition to the Xbox One X.
N E C.
The first one 100% yes what they hell were they thinking? The 2nd one while I agree it was a stupid decision I think it was the right one. Its how I got my PS3. My parents had just upgraded their TV and DVD player and I convinced them we needed a bluray player and that the PS3 was the best way to go. But at this point the PS3 was like $400. Yeah bluray was a mistake to go into right away but it worked.  The thing with sony is they usually make these awkward moves that are annoying at the time but in the long run work out great. The ps3 online was bad at first but after a couple of years it got much better and it was free. That was the biggest deal to me a 16+ year old kid making $5.50 an hour working part time. The bluray thing worked out pretty well for them in moving units, the controller in hindisght makes perfect sense also I might be weird but I preferred the original sixaxis with no rumble. I liked the light but solid feel of that controller. Rumble is something I usually turn off. BUT god those pro duo memory sticks... Thats one of the only things I have ever stolen from a store and it was because I couldn't afford a 8gb one and my 256mb one just wasn't enough. But man once I got the 8gb stick that PSP was my everything. The PSN hack was a disaster. Thankfully at that time I wasn't heavily into online gaming so when it was finally fixed and I got free games out of it I was kinda happy.  On another note about that hack. Man the timing of it sucked. I had literally JUST got linux running on my ps3. I installed it and then realized I didn't have a usb keyboard so I finally found one for $5 at a local pc shop I get home and get it all working. The next day I get the notice of an update telling me that feature was going away. I was pretty upset.
I think that last one was probably a more serious blunder than the Virtual Boy.
Sony was too arrogant before, they screw up the product line, TV, Camera and Phone etc. it is good there someone slapping Sony’s face that’s PS4 become one of the best console
I would say do Microsoft next... but maybe hold off until after Series X/Halo launches lol
I ended up buying Infamous 2(Hard Copy) because I picked, played and liked Infamous following the hack. Sony made money off me after the hack. Never had a problem with my card info getting out either.
Attack the weak point...  ...for *massive* damage.
#2 was a double whammy.  Sony spent a ton of money to win that format war believing they'd be able to make it back with royalties the same way the companies behind DVD continue to make money hand over fist on those royalties.  Unfortunately for them most consumers have either moved away from disc all together in favor of streaming or have stuck with the familiar DVD format (mostly because it's cheaper and the average consumer either doesn't care about the difference in quality, can't afford a newer setup, or simply doesn't know the difference).  I forget the exact numbers but estimates suggest Sony will never make up the money they lost on that bet.    As a side note I currently own 2 Blu-Rays and a Blue-Ray drive which should be able to play them (The Codecs needed to play Blu-Ray are freely available but some manufactures add some special proprietary features which can break compatibility unless you pay an extra $80 or so for a special Blu-Ray player program (in addition to the already expensive drive).  I hope I end up using it enough to justify the cost as I could have just as easily threw an old DVD drive into my beast and not used Blu-Ray at all (it also supports M-Disc but I've yet to try that feature).
It's not on this level of awful, but the Playstation Classic launch was famously bad.  Also, I can't believe you didn't mention the hardware failure regarding PS3's!  Even my slim model overheats whenever I try to play PS2 classics.  Just an awful awful system in terms of preservation, but it had so many cool features.
This is a great video. I learned a lot about Sony. One thing I was surprised you didn’t mention was the change of reverse compatibility. The early PS3s could play PS2 & PS1 games.
My son is now 15 years old and thanks to your channel he can understand why game systems and video games had an impact. He just wishes you did more videos this year.
Dang that last one was insane!
I absolutely despise the Anonymous group.
Wasn’t Sony hacked again like 4 or 5 years ago?
here, take my engagement.
Great video! At the time i had a psp and didnt have a credit card on PSN, so i was pretty happy getting some free games lol
The blu-ray addition was not a failure. They wanted to win the format war for discs, and the PS3 was absolutely instrumental in making that happened. So that worked. The console may have failed, but they at least won a format war for a change.
I bought all of the games that came out at launch for PS3 about 6 years ago, they were all about 5-10$ each. Honestly, at those prices, I really really liked those games, and Gundam Crossfire was actually a load of fun for 2.50$ That said yeah I can see some of them being kinda yikes at 60$ especially compared to a late PS2 game.
MS biggest mistake will be kinda easy. One is surely not recalling the exploding xbox360s due to their poor architecture, and the second surely is the launch of xboxone with that creepy always online spying protocol. But would like to know what would be third.
Having the network shut down on 4/20?  That really had to hurt.
The PSP was way ahead of it's time. Now look, Nintendo makes their own: the switch.
It's weird but cool seeing you tackle more recent game history!
Microsoft but first do another history of insert well known franchise here
The best video game industry historical content on the internet. I love seeing how you have evolved in front of the camera over the years and are really hitting your stride. Great work as always.
Lair got good when it got updated to play without six axis
Sony didn't conform to their market, they tried to make their market conform to THEM.
For the ps3 I just waited a few years. Got one with two controllers and a pile of games for $100. Got gta5 for $10 at pawn shop.   And the psn is still going fine for the ps3.   Honestly ps3 is as complex as I wanna get.  New games are so huge it’s overwhelming.
Do SNK!
Getting rid of backwards compatibility.
Don’t was deff riding the high they had from PS2. Same as Microsoft riding their high from the 360. It’s like they’re switching off every generation now.
I've always heard and experienced the "BS" from Sony and using proprietary components, some simple things like power cables and headphone jacks to memory...BUUUUUUUUT Apple??? How is it that Sony got screwed while Apple has been nothing but success? iPhone (HW wise) is behind the competition - single SIM, no memory expansion, no headphone jack, special power cable...so, yes, many, many point to this as a bad move for Sony - but no one every explains why it was a bad move for Sony while it has had little to no affect on Apple, heck, even the price points for iPhones are outrageous.  Sooooooooooooooooo "smarty pants" ;-) (joke) why has Apple been able to get away with the same tactics that has caused so many problems for Sony - execution? nope, pretty much the same - You buy the Sony $10000 2mb ram stick (market value $2) or shove it. Seems like Apple plagiarized Sony.
That love making music at the end tho
I can’t believe I got the ps3
Should do Microsofts next
I feel like there should be an honorable mention for making the PS5 look like a vagina
Nice video gaming historian but I got to ask you have you watch high score on Netflix?? Keep up the good work
another classic!
As always, some of the best content of YouTube. Thanks, Norman!
I remember the hack so clearly. My mom was freaking out lol
I'm shocked that the censorship BS wasn't here. Still a good video.
Awesome, new episode!! Big fan 😺... thanks!
Always love seeing ur videos
Why has this video got 98 dislikes already?  Honestly thought this couldn't more fair and edited really well
i remember the month psn was down during the ps3, my friend loaned me uncharted 2 - i beat the story right as psn went down and so i played the campaign again, and by the time psn was back up i didnt even care to try the multiplayer (nothing missed, all the uncharted multiplayers tried the campaign gameplay too hard and doesnt work well).
Ah The PSN hack did arrest someone? It was one guy.
Largely because of the PSN hack I never do any commerce online with any outfit that would retain my bank or card info. Most do give the option of wiping the info after the sale but for ones like Amazon that don't, I only deal with through Paypal.
Playstation Plus
This guy has no positive videos on playstation or sony. we know you're a sony hater.
I'm fairly sure it was them essentially shoving PS2 internals inside the console that drove up the PS3 price. I know they were certainly making a loss initially because of it. They didn't really screw up with going Blu Ray either way as the history of HD-DVD and the next generation of consoles showed.  Whichever way you look at it, they made one hell of a comeback and PS5 looks to be even better still. Microsoft, on the other hand, lost me forever with the crap they tried to pull on Xbone launch. A mistake to top them all in my opinion.
When will you create a social campaign to make a full sized Documentary serie 😄. I would love to see this on the big screen!
The playstation used proprietary memory cards so why was it such a big deal for the handheld systems? And I remember buying a knockoff memory stick on ebay to play my psp I really don't remember it being a big issue
I doubt they view selling super-expensive memory sticks was a mistake. Maybe for cameras if they lost business there.
I know this is an old meme, but: *Sony wants to know your location, Gaming Historian,* for outlining their mistakes in gaming. :)  Update: I don't know about you, but I was waiting for MGS4. And then we got a 12+ hour movie that got a couple of Guinness World Records.
The PS1 mod chip. I would say was also sony mistake because of how they built the PS1 copy protection that it ultimately became the PS1 flaw to allow pirated games to be played on any system.
Wonderful video, I never realized how big the problem was. I think 3 mistakes of Atari would be good. Greetings from Chile ;)
So true I totally agree your list
I think this is one of your best videos, thanks for always coming through with such tight and informative content.
Congrats on graduate school!  Anyone else here who bought the PS3 entirely to use as a Blu-ray player? I've been primarily a PC gamer / nintendo 'fanboi' since my packard bell PC in the early nineties and so I always skipped the Xboxes and only ever bought Sony systems to use as media players lol.
Proprietary memory cards. At least they didn't use proprietary cartridges.
If you tackle Microsoft's biggest mistakes, You'll need 3 to 5 Parter with 45+ Minute Episodes...
The Blu-Ray thing may have been tone-deaf for the gaming market, but I don't think it was a =mistake=. To Microsoft, HD-DVD was just another media format. To Sony, Blu-Ray was life or death of the company. They had =that much= money tied up on it...taking the hit selling PS3s at a loss, and passing over sales to people who would have bought one without it, in order to secure Blu-Ray's success was a calculated and critically necessary risk.
Another minor Sony mistake would be the lack of any first-party IPs. Crash Bandicoot, Spyro, Tomb Raider, Final Fantasy, among many other titles were extremely popular on the platform, but they are all from third-party developers and these IPs later appeared on other platforms, unless there was some kind of console exclusivity deal holding them back.  Also, may I ask, Will there be a video on the Nintendo Playstation? The Sony/Nintendo fallout deserves it's own lengthy video.
Sony's Cell Architecture was a pretty big mistake as part of the ps3 launch. It put ps3 ports months behind xbox releases due to the unfamiliarity developers had with it. Often times the "most powerful console" had the worst looking games because 3rd party developers didn't know how to work with it.
XBOX/Microsoft: *Sweating Intensifies*  Can't wait to see Xbox/Microsoft Biggest Mistakes in the future also great video.
Very nice documentary 💪🏻
You should do Atari and Microsoft next just to close out all the big console manufactures. Just a suggestion, you're the expert! I love these videos and will continue to support the channel in any way I can
I can't wait until we can look back on how we're laughing at the PS3 for not launching with rumble and laugh at ourselves for thinking rumble is a cool feature
I loved the vita, played it from a friend of mine, never could afford it, and it could very much still be relevant if they just relaunched without that stupid proprietary memory card.
Knack
i hope the biggest mistakes is from xbox.
I remember getting a PS1 for my birthday and finding out I had to buy a separate RF adaptor to connect it to my TV. Then, I played Tekken for a month until I was able to get a memory card for Christmas and save my game. Lots of fun spending money on things other than games for your system, especially when you're young and barely have any money.
I’ll never trust Xbox 360 sales data. Due to the red rings of death numerous people bought multiple systems.
We love you Mr Gaming Historian
How would you possibly narrow down Atari's massive load of mistakes to only three? You could do another one of those hour shows on Ray Kassar's issues alone, before even hitting Bushnell's and Tramiel's.
Love the video as usual but do we smell a bit of Nintendo fanboyism? Sony's mistakes were minor stumbles compared to Nintendo's massive failures like the Virtual Boy, the N64, the Gamecube? You made many Nintendo related-content lately but why not make Nintendo's mistakes first since they had much more consequences (it shaped Nintendo's policy of making outdated hardware and triggered a dark time for the company that everybody seemed to have forgotten about...) instead of praising their games for videos and videos?   It would have been more interesting since the new generation aren't aware that Nintendo didn't rule the video game market all the time (they don't really rule now but well...) and were much more daring before these events?
I can't shake the feeling that something _bad_ is gonna happen with the PS5, y'know? They haven't told us the price, and even though the games on there seem incredible, I just don't know if this is going to be another PS3.
I remember being so excited for Lair and I think I beat 2 levels and never played it again
I went with the Xbox 360 as well and then instantly regretted it red ring after Red Ring after a red ring and then my warranty with expired even though Microsoft had the console most of that first year and my disk drive quit working that wanted to charge me an additional $100 to get it fixed so that's why Xbox I like the games but I hate that I spent $450 on a paperweight
Shoot might as well go for Microsoft the biggest mistakes and we can all agree that all these mistake videos have one thing in common the arrogance of these AAA companies
PSN being taken down also effectively killed off the SOCOM series since SOCOM 4 released right before the hack.
Great content!
Biggest mistake Nintendo ever made. Backstabbing Sony thus creating the highest selling home game console maker in history.
Looks like those depression meds are having a serious affect on your weight
PS Classic was a pretty big blunder. Probably not top 3. But worth noting!
Well done as always, thanks!
Gaming Historian could make a video about something I barely care about and I'd still watch it. I was in college when the PS3 came out and distinctly remember that all my friends who bought it had issues with it.
Vita is not a mistake. They didn't market the Vita it properly!
I’d like to see you cover Microsoft next.
Oh my god, GH upload a new video. This make my day. Thanks Norman
Life Of Black Tiger on PS4.
Best 599 US DOLLARS i ever spent.
Proprietary formats was a good one to pick. When it came out that Sony had prototyped a game console in the late 70’s, I’m sure a lot of folks wondered if it used Betamax tapes.
Tiger electronics!
Sony's proprietary memory BS is what ultimately led to me selling the two I had over the years. Loved the console itself but hated the UMD's and the hefty price tag on any form of memory.
EA.
I thought about buying a Vita back then but the 3DS won me over especially with the early games I wanted to play Ocarina of Time. I felt the Vita could have been promoted better.
ah Yes i still fondly reminder that part where the presenter was like this was ancient Japanese history. then came out with the Giant enemy crab, attack it's weak point for massive damage xD
I would enjoy something a bit older for mistakes. Amiga.
The late 2000's had embarrassing moments for each of the big three. My favorite will always be the insane looking Wii Music drummer.
Okay.. the biggest mistake Sony made was this: They designed a nice controller for the PS1, with a good D-pad. Then later adding 2 joystick to the bottom of it. THEN when joysticks became the ”norm” they did not move the left stick up to where the D-pad is.. WHAT ARE THEY THINKING??? 😂😂😂
Do a Microsoft Mistakes video it sounds Interesting to watch
awesome video as always
"Rumble I think was the last generation feature; it's not the next generation feature. I think motion sensitivity is." -Sony, pretty much endorsing the Wii.
And, also, Sony has made the fewest mistakes of all companies to ever release home consoles.  They are 3-1 (PS1 and 2 in the biggest landslides ever and the PS4) in every home console race they've entered.  The only real mistake they made was pricing themselves out of the market with the PS3 when they were already behind by just basic release date. This was 100% the reason I became an Xbox fan after being a Sony diehard. Exclusives don't matter much to infrequent, yet casual, gamers like me. We are a giant sector of the consumer base.
the 90 dislikes are from sony R&D department who made this gimmiks
As an Xbox fan, I cannot wait for "Microsoft's Three Biggest Mistakes" to come after this. lol :P
"Rumble is a last gen technology" - Sony in 2006  "The triggers rumble, the thumb-sticks rumble, everything rumbles in this new controller, it's got the most rumble and we are calling it the DualSense." - Sony in 2020.
Atari's biggest mistake: Piles and piles of drugs.
Norm, I've been a fan for the last six years. You were the first channel I EVER subscribed to.   All that said, you look like hell in this vid. Like you had a $50k bachelor party that turned into a 2 week bender and you've only been sober a few hours. NICE.
this video reminded me to change my psn password. also, here is a useful tip if you have a psn account... USE 2FA!
Boy am glad my PSN account was created months after the hack
You should do a video on Color Dreams/Wisdom Tree.
The Wii sucked, the Red Ring of Death sucked, and getting your credit card info stolen sucked. Great Era for consoles lol
While I agree the hack was their biggest mistake I think the battery fiasco of 2006 was bigger than the other who you mentioned.
Thank you for making another awesome video
Now it’s time to pull the skeletons out of Microsoft’s closet and we’ll be complete.       Red ring of death
Great episode! It would be interesting to hear your Sony top 3 best decisions
You know how soft Microsoft is globally when you see how bad the PS3 launched and yet still outsold the Xbox 360 woldwide
I've never owned an Xbox console, though I have used a 360 a decade ago at a primary school friend's house; didn't like the UI or the controller. Instead, my parents bought me a PlayStation 3 slim - the matte silver one - at some point, and I've quite enjoyed it. Sure, the PS2 "emulation" or whatever isn't great - plenty of graphical issues in Ratchet & Clank games - but that's where I first experienced Ōkami. Persona 4 Arena, and P4A Ultimax, are also exclusive to PS3, though I've not yet played them.
Do Atari next
It's funny, because Nintendo and Sega messing up allowed PlayStation to gain traction, and PlayStation messing up sort of allowed Xbox to gain traction.
Sony's business plan. Build trust and a dedicated user base. Then overstep their bounds, screwing over their customers, and being greedy. Look at Sony now with censorship, and silencing criticism. They're doing it again. And until they get another rude awakening, they'll keep doing it. They'll play nice until they think they can do it again.
Please do microsawft
Microsoft's 3 Biggest Mistakes: - Xbox One Reveal - Red Ring of Death - Lack of Exclusives
One of their biggest mistakes was the PS3 Firmware security because we got private keys to sign Custom Firmware. All following games were unprotected for decryption and it's still possible to play them online without getting banned.
What song is playing in the outro?  Great video!
Do Microsoft
Love the dive, hate the music & new ending transition. Oh well...
I cant wait for Microsoft's three biggest mistakes i bet it will be these 1 the xbox 360 red ring of death 2 microsoft's drm policy 3 windows vista
Just in that order... Atari, Microsoft and NEC... :) greetings from Poland :)
I love you man! Been an avid fan for years, I only feel I'm getting better content for every day that goes by. I have the nostalgia feels from content from the 90's and even love to deep dive into games I've never played because me or my friends didn't own the console or game. To be honest, I almost forgot about this... and I was quite mad, owning a PS3. Your mind plays trick on yourself.
Sony being obstinate with their proprietary memory was not consumer friendly for sure, but I don't think it hurt them too much. Most people balked at buying the Vita (altho I love mine) just because they thought mobile gaming on phones was good enough.  Also I would argue the launch of the PS3 wasn't great, but they had to go with that price to get Blu-Ray players in peoples homes to win that format war. So they definitely pushed multi-media, but it paid off and HDDVD died. And then Sony almost lost that console generation but picked it up in the end and at least ended up on par with Microsoft. I would say the bigger issue was they made the PS3 much harder to develop for, with a complicated hardware architecture. So more 3rd party developers either did not develop for it, or if they did they they could not get proper performance out of it. So you have Bayonetta looking much better graphically on the 360 even tho the PS3 is a more powerful system.  PSN hack is like completely forgotten. I mean it was bad and left lingering dissatisfaction for a few months, but they gave away a ton of free games and shored up their defenses and publically apologized several times. If that is their biggest mistake (which is really an outside attack and not 100% their fault) then they are doing great.
As much as I understand that Sony calls them Memory sticks but they aren't memory, they are storage.  Please don't calls storage memory.  Memory in computing refers to volatile memory not long term storage.
I get so excited when you upload. :)
Nintendo:'you can't be hacked if we don't have anything online" 😄
One big overlooked mistake was since PlayStation is cd based, it became a pirate's haven.
I feel that the lack of efficient 2D engine in the PS1 was a notable mistake from Sony due to the 2D platform game catalogue was almost missing in this device in regards of the other challengers of electronics entertainment industry
LJN obviously
The PSP was such an amazing console. I begged my mom to buy me one when it first came out. I loved everything about it, but the Memory Sticks were expensive, and my mom wouldn't buy me a bigger one. I got the bundle that came with a 32mb card, so it only got used for game saves, couldn't fit much else on it other than some photos and maybe a few songs.
sony's biggest mistake was using penis tips for the thumb sticks of the dual shock controllers. They should have stuck with the sticks from the dual analogue controller instead
Sony's positive (and negatives) is because they came from a giant conglomerate. Playstation was initially some weird skunkworks lead by "Ken" - and succeeded as they had the backing of Sony tech and money - but then became where the money was coming from as their other divisions imploded.  Ken became CEO of it all, and Sony's previous hardware lines were reduced to re-badging Korean hardware - they produce nice LG panels, if you prefer Android TV. In the midst of this turmoil (which has got to rank as one of the most disruptive transformations of a company that pulled through) it seemed that every division within Sony leapt in to ride the coat-tails to further their position, to mixed success. Some worked out like Blu-ray and UHD - others like every other proprietary memory format, just annoyed their users. Even those wins are a bit hollow, as we now can stream everything. (and have a legacy of annoyance in their users, forced to use these formats, and software).  Today if you have to think about what "Sony does best", it's quite a drop from their Wega screens and all the rest. Only think I can think of is their cameras - another skunkworks that excelled and is the name to have in your latest smartphone.   Maybe that's their strength? As others seem to boom and burst in the market they enter, Sony has always managed to spread their bets, and whatever happens remains in the game. Sega got pushed out, MS and Nintendo just buy tech from others, Sony whilst annoying, does still innovate.
Maybe instead of another mistake video right away, "top 3 sony gaming achievements"?
the guy who botched the Stadia launch is the same guy who botched the PS3 launch???
The suing of george hotz still pisses me off.
Awesome video.
I didn't have any issue with the PSP memory cards. I mean in stores they were marked up for the official ones, but I just bought them off eBay for 20-25 dollars for 2-4 gigs. They were Sony branded and while they may not been 100 percent genuine heh I never had an issue with them. The Vita they just screwed that up. As for Six Axis the only game that used it in a fun and immersive way was Folklore. Other games it was just annoying. The PS3 sure did have a rough launch.
It’s hard to argue with #1. Very clear cut case. I’d be interested to know what other people think should have made the list and/or some honorable mentions.
I didn't get a ps3 until 09. By then the more reliable ps3 came out and i didn't want to play online so I never gave a shit about online play. There were a lot great games by then and even though I had missed out on craze I don't really give a shit about having a new console when its new. Its all about one thing, the games.
We all know two of Microsoft's biggest mistakes are the red ring of death and the launch of the Xbox one, what could be number 3??
The PS1 classic should be an honorable mention
Their BIGGEST mistake was one of omission: they should've been the ones to come up with the iPod and iPhone, not Apple. They had everything they needed to succeed.
Sony has no mistakes... at least nothing compared to Nintendo... by their mistake... it allowed their greatest rival to be born.   People disillusioned by Nintendo go to Sony, and become strong and loyal followers for life... Nintendo are kids who won't grow up... but they are filled with self-doubt and look over at the competition wishing secretly to have what they have, but on Nintendo.
I love how Norm smoothly transitions from mistake to mistake, it’s really cool, even if the video for me doesn’t add that much I didn’t know before.
In addition to whoring Proprietary  media with the PsP/Vita...they stupidity underestimated the co.plete takeover of smartphones..ive owned 2 Sony brand smartphones...they suck dick thru a straw lol...for the record..ps3 and 360 lost a console war to a box named aster PISS..im no hater , I worked at a Gamestop during launch...and yes all horror stories about GS are true... got all 3 consoles...its just funny...sony wins the disc war....everybody streams lol
Yeah ok but compared to the rivals PS3 was the only real ‘next gen’ console. The 360 and Wii didn’t have WiFi, Blu Ray, or even HDMI. We’re talkin about the PS Tripple.
I used to play entirely on PlayStation consoles. I had a PS3 and I got a Vita on launch day, and later a PS4 on launch day. Then 2 years into owning a PS4 my PSN account got hacked and I was buying most of my games digitally and getting free ones from PS Plus so I lost a lot of games and save files. After that I ditched PlayStation entirely. In an online era not having a secure network is completely unreasonable.
Microsoft could be fun, get the current Console Trilogy out of the way  .... Though if you do tackle Atari, would the VCS be on that list?
I still dont use my credit card on the PSN. I buy a physical card and enter the codes.
that's what Sony gets for going after GeoHot
Mistake one; making a console. Should of just partnered with sega to make consoles. Fight me, Sony fanboi!!!   Jk lol love the psone.
Like a wise man once said "pizza time"     That wise man was me
So you missed also the Sony movie studio hack? You could have mention about the memory card specs because they varie so much thats why SD cards these days have ranking for HD and 4K quality. When Ps3 was released the online services werent that good or the home internet connection qualities so for me internet services were not that big deal untill Metal Gear 4 and Metal Gear Online 2 were released.
Nobodys gonna mention the fact that the ps3 has neither legs, or a mouth...
and yet PS3 came out second place in console war. beating Xbox360 sales. I owned original launch xbox360 without HDMI output and original 60GB PS3, i still have both of them to this day, leter on,I also own PS3 slim and PS3 super slim too. I would definitely say  PS3 is better overall even all the problems they had. I really never had isse with a PSN.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sony_BMG_copy_protection_rootkit_scandal
Corrections* you CAN save on a vita through the actual cartridge you just couldn't update without a memory card
For some reason I think that you would mention the PS Clasic
Sorry, but Blu-ray was not what made the PS3 so expensive. Sony threw tons of unnecessary memory card readers, extra USB ports, and the initial models literally had full PS2 hardware inside for the backwards compatibility. THAT'S why they were so expensive and that's what was all removed to drop costs and lower the price.
The biggest mistake Sony has ever made Ad: *You’re not a dish, you’re a man*
Never piss off nerds. They know more about your infrastructure than you do. Or if they don't, they'll figure it out eventually.
2:03 Please insert "How many times you have to learn your lession, old man?" meme here. 6:27 Kutaragi-san... Y U tink people goona werk to deaf for consoul? 14:42 Sony, back then, thought themselves as a giant that could not fall...until they fell into some quicksand and wind up neck deep into trouble. Sadly, any company can be hacked given the perfect opportunity these days. I can only hope that no would would be able to hack into any of the "Big 3" companies for the next decade, but that's only wishful thinking I guess.
Thats the way cool vid
The controller is their biggest mistake. It's designed for smaller Asian hands. They should have released a controller in North America that a grown man can actually use.
Nah, the biggest mistake was removing backwards compatibility from later PS3s.
I remember I spent $99 on a 64G memory card for vita back then (imported from playasia), and it was even on sale (normally it's much more expensive than that), and I thought it was a good deal...
A good episode and one that led me to think, can you decide on Atari's biggest mistakes or would you need several parts for that as the top 3 won't cover their mistakes?
Going over Microsoft mistakes would be interesting! They've done a lot of good in the gaming scene but the rocky launch and constant issue of RROD 360 consoles was a big mark against them.
While I have to agree that propiretary memory on the Vita was a mistake, specially on the slim. I dont quite agree it was an issue on the PSP, Memory Sticks were a lot more prevalent in the market, and SD cards werent THE standard in 2005, also Digital media wasnt really a thing till end of the PSP life and games required a lot less space. I remember having a 4gb memory and that was plenty.
Your videos are a joy to watch
For the record, I love my Vita, I still use it today.  *_I will never let it go._*  (๑╹◡╹)ﾉ"
Thanks
I was just binging old episodes and then BOOM, you bless us with this 🙏🏽 great video as always! love the music on this one
I want to see an Atari 3 biggest mistakes for sure
I gave up on PlayStation when PS4 launched. I find it a stripped down bottom of the barrel experience compared to PS3.
If the physical disc version of PS5 sells faster than the digital version, then that will tied with the second biggest mistake of Sony.
Sony understood the market. The problem is that Sony is firmly in the "Let's see how many ways we can *bleep* up and STILL make money hand over fist" mentality. The fact that the PS4 sold so ridiculously when most were using it as a glorified netflix machine, goes to show how tone deaf they are.
i want to see Microsoft next, damn i remember the ps3 attack that was a weird time, thank goodness i got a Xbox 360 and i still have, hope Sony don't fuck it up again with PS5, i'm thinking about getting PS5
You're doing a great job man! Loved this video and every video you've put out for almost a decade now. Keep up the great work good sir! You should do a video on Nintendo World Championships in 1990!
Lack of floating point processing in the PS1, which caused all those janky texture wavers.
You forgot the ps5 ,theres no games for that thing.
The lack of support on the vita
It was a bit of a stumble 🙃
I was hoping you would mention them using a cell processor in the PS3 making 3rd party and cross platform support poor.  Really good video overall though.
Sony has been losing its touch and credibility. On the other hand, korean digital devices and appliances have been improving and getting cheaper unlike Sony's products.
Here's another mistake, thinking that the PSP and Vita could ever hope to hold a candle to the DS and 3DS.
Ironically, in retrospect, the $399 Xbox 360 was a terrible deal. It didn't have wi-fi, HDMI support, or Blu Ray. 20 GB wound up being paltry by the end of that generation, basically unusable. Not to mention the best cables supported by the launch Xbox 360 were VGA
I say round out the major console players and do Microsoft next.
Rumble is no longer just a feature, it's a mainstay of modern gaming.
I like it when the consumer friendly practices win out competition
How about Tiger Electronics?
For me PSP failed one because of the games and two I get Sony are known for having there analogue sticks low but for larger hands would have been better to have them at the top then the buttons and d pad below.
The Vita was an amazing handheld wrecked by Sony's own greed
It’s only natural you do Microsoft (specifically Xbox of course) next but I’m pretty sure they’re gonna be as followed  3) Lack of original Xbox DVD playback: This one is a bit of stretch hence why it’s number 3, forcing consumers to buy a proprietary DVD playback kit just to unlock playback is a reason the Xbox really struggled against the PS2 not only that but it also gave people an incentive to modify the system to unlock this functionality.  2) Xbox one botched launch: A number of reasons from marketing the console as a home media center to the stupid DRM policies. This really drove consumers away and the forced inclusion of the Kinect sensor only made the matter worse when the price was revealed. Not only was it more expensive than PS4 it was also underpowered.  1) Xbox 360 Red ring of death: Rushing the system to beat the PS3 resulting in the failures of millions of systems (you could argue the PS3 had the yellow light of death but not only were those problems unrelated to the console design but they were no where near as widespread.  Honourable mention for Sony: the PS3’s CELL Broadband Engine. Perfect for supercomputing but not the best option for a game console, the unfamiliarity with PPE and SPE resulted in massive performance issues. But in the long run it did produce some stunning first party titles
If I had 1 dollar for every time he said hack, I'd be rich.
The hack didnt mattered to me. Two of my 360s I purchased ended up with the red rings of death. I actually didnt remember the hack until this video. I didnt lose any money over it. But shelling out 600$ on non-serviceable consoles, I surely did.
Do Michaelsoft next!
You also forgot that the PS3 was notoriously difficult to program
Well, they came back with the PS4 and dominated.
Soon you'll be Dr. Norm👍👍😀😀.
Okay, about to scroll down and look for Vita owners justifying their purchase. It's always good for a laugh.
Mistake #4: Making the Sony Trinitron so f'in heavy... I have a 36" Trinitron and I'm selling it with the house, no way I'm moving that thing again...did I mention it's upstairs O_O
Whoever is reading this comment I wish you abundance, peace, love, happiness, prosperity, health, freedom and joy. You are ALREADY wealthy beyond your wildest dreams. 😃 Keep on Vibin!
i have the power to make you          read more  ha ha ha click bait
Atari! Do Atari next!
I worked for a network monitoring company during the PSN hack. We were outsourced vendors who monitored Sony's network at the time. It sucked on our side. They also attacked the Sony Style stores. Everything was on high alert and every little network blip was looked at with a fine tooth comb.  I spent a lot of nights (I worked 3rd shift at the time) babysitting Sony's network and spending a lot of time on the phone with their network admins.
atari                                              do                                            atari                                            NOW
How about the amazing (not ironic) Sony Ericcson Xperia Play? It bombed like a lead envil made of glass at 499€ SRP when it came out, and I brought it home for 99€ ... in 2012. Still play it on my long travels, that Game Boy, GG, GBC, GBA emulator works like magic!
You missed a bunch of Sony's biggest mistakes, but frankly it's a 700-way tie, and picking any 3 would be viable. Sony "was" too arrogant to see the problem.  Yeah, "was". 🤣
PS3 price was high not only because of blu ray but also because of cell processor. Another mistake using a cell cpu is that its hard to program I guess everyone notice that the third party games fps are low on ps3 compare to xbox 360. Especially Bayonetta and Skyrim.
My dad is a big tech guy, so we actually had a PS3 day 1 just for the sake of the Blu-Ray and Media center features. Its kind of crazy hearing all these years later that its launch was a bit of a flop
I imagine in 20 years we will be seeing videos of Nadella's Microsoft and how that was the turning point in Microsoft's long term fortunes.  Once a powerhouse, now a forgotten relic.
All that's left is Microsoft ;)
Bro u got to do the trifecta microsoft has to be next and keep it on gaming not the pc side
Top Phillips CDI Mistakes:  E X I S T I N G
Even in 2020, people haven't quite moved on from dvd
NEC, for sure.  I know very little as to why NEC bowed out of the console race.  Be super interesting to have you cover it.
I'd argue against the blu-ray point. Sony adding it to their gaming system meant a new audience was introduced to gaming  and gamers had a decent blu ray player rolled into their system, justifying the cost. I remember a lot of friends buying the PS3 at the time and basically saying, ya it's $500 but it's also a blu ray player. That in turn allowed Sony to dominate the market and blu-ray eventually became the new video format.
Sony biggest mistake was the ps3 price
i just bought a PS Vita. Wouldn't even start up a physical game without a memory card. I was totally ok with loosing my save file, i was just fixing it to resell it since it was broken. finding a memory card was such a pain. they still demand huge prices because they are essential. and the only adapters required jailbreaking the console. Such a shitty, stupid move from sony and it's no wonder they lost the handheld wars.
Never got into handhelds so I never experienced that PS Vita pain. It seems like a money thing not an anti piracy thing. Of course what company is going to say "hey it's a money thing"?
Those are some pretty awful mistakes... but I thought  one mistake that need to be mentioned was when Sony decided to stop backwards compatibility.  It was bad enough that PS3 eventually stopped using PS2 games, but when the PS4 wouldn't run any PS1, PS2 and PS3 games... that was the straw that broke the camel's back.  I didn't purchase any new consoles after the PS3, and I intend to keep it that way.  (I use my PS3 mostly as a Blu-ray player and, sometimes, games.)
The proprietary memory thing is the reason my Vita barely got any use. I would probably have bought quite a lot of digital games but the memory cards were so expensive it just wasn't worth it. In the end I just bought second hand cartridges but barely used the thing.  Shame really as it was a pretty great bit of kit otherwise. Think it would have been pretty successful if they'd just equipped it with a SD card slot.
for me not having any backwards compatibility on ps4 was a huge mistake. i can see that having full compatibility with the ps3 made it a time bomb to overheat as it couldn't mimic the ps2 so they just crammed one into the bulky launch model; but you can't convince me that the ps4 couldn't play ps3. it was basically a ps3 on steroids, so that angered me to the point where i still do not have a ps4. all i want is an effort to be backwards compatible, just try. i can understand why the switch isn't because it only has the one screen, but to me the ps4 had zero excuses and was still overpriced.
Minidisk should have been the 3.5" diskette replacement.
Well, there are two possible mistakes you could've mentioned: 1. The PSOne mini 2. PocketStation? What PocketStation? We Westerners never saw a PocketStation!
Oh you could trace the memory card crap they pulled back to the PS2. 40 bucks for an 8 MB card when Nintendo charged less for double the space and the same price 8X the space?  Sony loves to ride high with ego.
Do NEC!!!!
Owning a Vita in Japan is pretty great. But even then, the Memory Cards are unreliable crap. My American Vita's 32gb card died recently and I lost all of my data
What does his T-shirt say in full?
I would never support Sony.  Their huge hack and lack of security is only one of the reasons they don’t deserve your patronage.
I initially went for Xbox 360 as well.  Two Red Rings of Death later, I was back to Sony.
Yeah, Sony definitely did made some mistakes during the past few console wars.  Great video man 🙂😄
I got a PSP and a few games back in the day, as soon as I realized I needed to buy a ridiculously priced Sony SD card to get a good amount of storage I looked for an alternative.  That lead me to adapters for cheaper SD cards and at the same time made me aware of jail-breaking, so by being greedy Sony actually directed me toward piracy and I never brought another PSP game.
Now you should do Xbox/Microsoft's biggest mistakes.
Old chum, Oil up and hit the gym with me
I did NOT remember the baby ad 😨
I have an idea since you looked over the companies mistakes why don’t you go over the companies successes for all three Nintendo Sega and Sony
Bro I love watching your show. I think you forgot the whole backwards compatible issue that is now eh fixed but still makes my living look like a mess of stacked up play stations
Another huge mistake was their manufacturing flaws that crippled most of the original PS3's with BC for PS2 games,  they never solved that.  instead they just eliminated the feature n called it "good".  Yet another is their arrogant refusal to learn from their mistakes.  They're doing it again on the proprietary storage media front with the PS5,  those SSD's that are made only for sony and available from sony with their miserably small 825 gig storage capacity in an era when a terabyte ultimately isn't enough.  I know fanboys will come out screaming insults at me for saying it but I don't give a crap about them.  I've had PS1's, PS2's, PS3's  but this time around I'm holding off probably permanently.  Honestly I'm not losing anything either since with a huge backlog I'll be playing what I've got for years before I get bored.
#4: Releasing a crappier version of Mega Man 8
Next: Documentary of each of the Strike Series.  Nuclear Strike, Desert Strike, Jungle Strike ,  Urban Strike, and Soviet Strike.  Plus. Spy Hunter of 2001 and 1983.  Along with Midnight Club Series.
I would love it if DP just randomly showed up in an episode.
7:05 Ok, i'm gonna be real here... I love this video and I agree with everything in it.... almost.... but Rumble. Rumble is stupid. It was never a good idea, it was the corniest gimmick in all of gaming and was never important and has no place in the industry. It was silly and unnecessary then, and silly and unnecessary now. ....everything else you said was spot on and Sony often has a well-deserved reputation for being dumb and not understanding the consumer market and being arrogant and foolish about their concepts. But man, I hate Rumble and i've never seen the point of it. I'm buying a video game system, not a vibrator.
I think the Vita is the saddest mistake. It's such a good system and yet Sony was anti-consumer with their overly expensive SD cards. Plus they gave up on the system 2 years into it's life
#4 PlayStation Classic
You were born in 1987 right??
This is great!! What a fantastic summary!
Loving this format of videos Gaming Historian! Any interest at all in discussing LucasArts Games? Thanks!
Resistance is a great series
I also hear that game development for PS1 was difficult (I believe, due to hardware limitations and other stuff), same for 2 and 3 but that didn’t stop great software from coming out. It was easier for PS4 though and I bet for PS5. Also, blu-ray is awesome. I’m glad it won the format war. It’s worth keeping a PS3 and/or PS4 (especially for its software) for if you don’t have a BD player which I do have all of actually. Blu-ray is especially awesome if you’re an anime fan like me because you get discs that are more damage proof, scratch resistant as the promos say, probably last a lifetime and gives you the best picture quality and sound. I have quite the collection of anime blu-rays. It seems that BD sales have increased over the years (I did hear that it started off slow but it got there) and many more fans have flocked to it, it’s even successful and popular in Japan I hear, so that’s why we’re spoiled for anime on blu-ray.
9:32 That was marketing genius!
I was 9 years old when first E 3 was held 5 11 1995
Sony’s biggest mistakes was the psp go, the ps3 slim with it’s sliding door and the psp tv.
PSP has greater advantages than ps vita since PSP doesn't die even when it's powered off
I must say, PS3 launch was defnetly terrible, but they were right about making it with bluray.
adding a bluray player to the ps3 may have trashed the launch but it does make it the best movie player when using physical discs.
Madden 07 on 7th gen also wasn't any good
Who dare calls my baby Vita a failure!
I own both a. Ps Vita and psp .
I still remember being unable to believe PSP games could look so good on a handheld back then. Such a shame to bungle all that potential
That was a good one, especially the part about their security breaches.  I never knew the extent of how bad that really was and how many times they got hit within such a short time frame.    I am surprised that you didn't mention the cell processors of the PS3.  It was weird and difficult for 3rd party developers to program for.  It has ripple effects of difficulty that to this day still leave legacy setups to the playstation line.  Emulation and backwards compatibility with PS3 games was not possible for the PS4 and likely won't be for PS5 because the architecture is so radically different.  Also, it made playstation 1 and 2 compatibility very difficult and expensive for the PS3.  Initially, they built a PS2 board inside of the PS3 for backwards compatibility at launch.  That made it bigger, hotter, and more expensive.  They eventually ripped it out to get the price down, but then you have most models of PS3 with no backwards compatibility.  Basically, almost everything about the PS3 was a mistake.  It did help them win for format war against HDDVD, but within just a few years that became irrelevant as streaming became more widespread and physical media is on the way out.  They did revitalize the PS3 in the second half of it's life, but it still fell slightly short of XBOX 360 in hardware sales and WAY BEHIND in software sales.
"Which one next, Atari?" Ah, but WHICH Atari? The name has changed hands repeatedly and there is arguably no connection from one group to the next.
#4 the mini Playstation 1
You're dealing specifically with their Entertainment division (gaming)? If not, I was going to say... what about the rootkit scandal.
Great video!!  Now start pumping out more of them, at a faster rate!!   Bravo!
Sony's paranoia about piracy in general is just so frustrating to deal with as a consumer. The year before the PSN hack, for instance, there was a really stupid bug with some PS3 models' internal clock thinking 2010 was a leap year, which confused the OS, rendered the PSN completely inaccessible and even left offline games unplayable, due to the Trophy system and, of course, DRM.  Then there's the old rootkit scandal, where their music division put CD-drive destroying malware on their CDs so people couldn't rip them to their computers; and even minor-but-maddening decisions like the PS4 requiring installation of all games, which is so fun trying to juggle what games to keep on and which to delete to make room for more; or the fact that it can't play CDs at all, even though  that format was Sony-developed. (and yes, some of us do in fact still use CDs. :P)   Nothing but annoyances with Sony; no wonder everyone tries hacking their stuff as much as possible.
Number 1: Challenging Nintendo
Yep, it’s true. No one is perfect. Nobody has a perfect tracking record. I see a memory stick pro duo at my local hardware store that’s 8GB and it is 40 bucks, that’s pretty outrageous if you ask me. I found a 16GB SD card that costs less than that! Heck, my brother bought a third-party memory card for the PSP and it costs way less than what Sony had to offer and what I saw at my local hardware store. I have to agree that the PS3 launch was a mess. The early PS3 games (and Xbox 360) aren’t so hot these days (I stay from 360 and PS3 games released from 2005/06 to Late 2008/Early 2009 not because they’re terrible like I said but they are not so hot most likely due to better titles worth playing and maybe due to age but some exceptions do apply though), so are the early PS4 and Xbox One titles, probably the same for PS5 and Series X, but it doesn’t apply to Nintendo or earlier systems because those games are still worth playing just not for Sony and Microsoft earlier on across 7th and 8th and probably the 9th. But don’t get me wrong though, there’s still plenty of great games on 360 and PS3, I mean the PS3 has a solid collection of role-playing games (Tales of Xillia, Time and Eternity [my brother goes crazy for it! he loves that game a lot], Disgaea 4, Mugen Souls, Drakengard 3, Star Ocean IV and such, these ones are totally worth checking out. I still think FFXIII is decent but not as hot as FFXV so I guess opinions remain divided on FFXIII) and fighting games and I mean a lot of those fighters that the PS3 (as well as its predecessor, the PS2 and successor, the PS4, I expect the same fighting game excellence on PS5) have are incredible and really worth checking out such as BlazBlue (Chronophantasma is the best), the King of Fighters XIII (its predecessor wasn’t so hot due to lack of content and small roster but this one is the SHIT! Really awesome game and any fighting game fan needs to have it in their collection), Street Fighter IV (extremely popular), Tekken 6 (really popular), DOA5 (also really popular), Arcana Heart 3 (definitely one of the best and really worth downloading, it even has an updated version which is also on PS Vita but I still recommend going after it on PS3 because fighting game-specific controllers and this version even has a retail release, I saw it at a game store once. You can’t go wrong with either version, I strongly recommend it. I wish it was on PS4 and Switch), Dengeki Bunko Fighting Climax (prepare your shit your pants because it’s dangerously awesome. You have been warned...), Chaos Code (falls short of content and online play but definitely worth it to play), Under Night In-Birth (Super-fucking awesome and one of my favourites), Persona 4 Arena (and Ultimax. They kick ass! Who else wouldn’t want a fighter based off an RPG franchise?), Phantom Breaker Extra (another kickass fighter sadly only released in Japan but definitely worth importing, I wish it had a sequel on PS4), etc. Many fighters have updated versions and are definitely worth getting regardless of platform and you can’t go wrong with either version. Some, no actually a good number of those are even on PS4 because those devs knew how awesome they were and couldn’t leave them behind. Modern age Japanese fighting games (there really needs to be a term for that) are just so damn awesome with killer soundtracks and interesting characters. J-Fighters for the goddamn win!!!! Yeah!!!! That felt good to say but moving back on topic. You know what? I’m glad I held off on getting an Xbox 360 because the S model looks way cooler. Also, I’m glad I held off getting a PS3 because I’m not a fan of that big model and the 2011 attacks, I have the 160 GB slim and it looks really nice. I’m also a proud PS3 (honestly a PS3 is worth it to have around as well as an Xbox 360) and PS4 (and Xbox One) owner, I am also going to have a PS5 and Series X in the future, it’s that I’m going to hold off the first year because I don’t want it too soon. I also think to myself, why won’t Sony wait to launch it in 2021? I remember the 2011 attacks on PSN and I’m glad I wasn’t one of the victims and they have fixed PSN since. So overall, the PlayStation line is great to have around. Next you should do Microsoft fails.
Great video! keep up the good work! Even if i find myself quite informed about this world , you always find info i had no knowledge! Suscriber for life! haha
Bring back the Boomerang controller, you cowards!
What about that playstation classic lol.
I'm glad you're back. I really like your show
9:14 That part was true. I tried for months to get mine, but every time Wal Mart was sold out. My dad was finally able to snag one while I was in school. He grabbed it when there were only 2 left.
Im glad you didnt put the Vita itself on here. It honestly wasnt a failure of a system; yeah the hardware didnt sell a ton but you dont make money off hardware in games anymore anyways. You make more off software and by god did the Vita find a market there. The attachment rate of Vita was like 20 games per owner, compared to 9 for the PS4 now. It was worth it to develop games for Vita for awhile, hell Vita owners were once a mini version of Switch owners who clamor for every game to be put on it.  Those memory sticks were trash though.
Easy, theyre called PS3, PS4, and PS Vita! The last great Sony console was PSP! The PSP Go obviously sucked but the real ones were amazing. I was a playstation guy until 3 came out, it just sucked compared to Xbox 360. Now Id say easily Switch and Xbox One are better. PS2 is their best console ever still.
Nice video GH! Chapstick was right, your videos are Netflix worthy!
Always a good day when there’s a new Gaming Historian upload. Thanks for all the great content :)
Next, you should do Microsoft's Three Biggest Mistakes! And congrats on Graduate School!
I think they forcing BR on people even at a loss, and losing sales at the launch of the PS3 was worth it for them at the end, BR is the new standard, even if physical media is dying now and PS3 won the race at the end, MS had huge issues with 360s dying all the time and online being a paid service also Sony had the better gaming library at the end of that generation.
We thank you for your service, you worked at Gamestop during the ps3 launch 😬     If it was the ps2 however, this would be a memorial 😂
4:46 it’s a shame he didn’t start beatboxing after this epic moment
You missed the Cell processor being so complicated.
Fun fact: In 2007, the PS3 was outsold by the Original Xbox
Keep these going, bud! 👍
I feel like your "Microsoft's Biggest Mistakes" video will need about 10 extra slots.
I’d like to see these companies three biggest successes as well
Please ATARI. MS is clear, #1 RRoD.
Refusing to allow cross-play with Microsoft and Nintendo, and preventing Fortnite accounts that were played on Sony hardware from being used on Xbox or Switch.
Request: Atari’s 3 biggest mistakes
It looks like you’re lip syncing to a separate voice over track...
The biggest mistake of that PAC-MAN t-shirt is spelling 'essentially' wrong
I think you should talk about SNK mistakes, people should know about it.
While not directly related to gaming, I’d say Sony’s biggest mistake of them all was buying Columbia-TriStar pictures back in the late 1980s. Since then it has been a sunken hole, both financially and in management; as executives from Hollywood started taking over the entire company, right when competition from China and South Korea (and even Silicon Valley) took a bite out of Sony’s once market dominance.  A lot of the controversies from Sony over the past few decades or so has come from involvement from their movie division; especially during Howard Stinger’s tenure as CEO.
How about the fake "All i Want for Xmas is a PSP" video?
2:58 that's what Nintendo said, last I checked, I didn't need to pay 100 dollars FOR ONE GAME (congrats on grad school norman)
Sony's biggest mistake? Two words: PlayStation TV. What should have been a low-cost alternative to the PS3, PS4 and Vita, not to mention a serious competitor to settop devices like Apple TV, ultimately became a mere footnote in Sony's history. It didn't support the popular streaming apps like Netflix, Stan, YouTube and others. All you could really use was Sony's PlayStation Video, which was fine but for consumers who already had accounts with streaming services gave them little incentive to pick it over something Apple or Android or whatever put out. And for gamers it was worst, as the vast majority of Vita, PSP and PSone games simply didn't boot up at all on the system. Blocked by Sony's whitelist.  Once again, hackers proved the PSTV's true potential. And now they go for up to $300 on ebay.
Would Sony's lawsuit against Bleem count?
Biggest mistakes by Sony? Trusting Nintendo. It was a net positive but still a bigger mistake than proprietary SD cards imo.
Commodore mistakes!
And to this day the PSN security is not the best, every day a lot of PSN accounts are compromised, and the owners dont even notice until 6 or 7 months.
Always look forward to your shows man, think I've watched all of the ones on your channel thus far! Big fan!
Why didnt wait until december and make it 4 with the ps5
I love my Vita, still use it for so much cross play games, stackable trophies, rare or cheaper versions of rare games and #1 reason: Persona 4 Golden and Ys8
Some 3rd party company mistakes would be interesting to see, like Capcom and Valve
lol@the 47 ps fanboy dislikes
Vita Island gonna to be salty bout this one.
I did buy 2 Vita for my kids.. and then they wanted a memory card for each Vita.. yeah.. right..
I thought you'd mention how Sony Columbia, their movie side, was hacked as well. Oof Sony.
Their biggest mistake was replacing Ken Kutaragi with corporate suits who don't know anything about hardware, software, engineering, or creativity.
I hate sony so much.  Thank you for making this.  It's great that videos like this exist to outline sony's total contempt for its customers.
If there's ever an EA mistakes video, I shudder to think how long it'll be...
It started with the PS 1 memory card in fact
If you were to ever do Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes. We all know the Xbox one's DRM features will be at number 1.
2:12: “The Vita had no internal memory” Wrong, both the Vita Slim and even the OG Vita (although it's locked on the OG Vita for some reason, but you can actually activate that internal storage with Henkaku) actually has 1 GB of internal memory.  Yeah I know, it's really small, but if you don't care about digital only games, then it's more than enough. xD
You are so awesome! Thanks for all of your hard work.
SONY’s refusal to allow Cross-Platform Play and Cross Platform Progression with PS4 and other platforms:   SONY received public scrutiny during E3 2018, with the release of Fortnite for Nintendo Switch, and denying PS4 users to carry-over their in-game progression to Switch. SONY argued that they were responsible to making sure PSN was a safe environment and by agreeing to their terms, you as the user were safe as a result. Everyone was irate at SONY with their decision, not only over Fortnite, but (Now Epic Games owned) Psyonix’s recently released version of Rocket League for Switch which also boasted Cross-play with PC and Xbox One. Both Microsoft and Nintendo even indirectly poked fun at SONY with the Bedrock update to the Switch version of Minecraft; by releasing an advertisement boasting Cross-platform play between Switch and Xbox One. While SONY did allow both cross-platform play and progression on PS4, the damage was already done.  Then there’s the arbitrary censorship they enforced on multiple titles including multiple visual novels, the Segran Kagura series, and even Dead or Alive Xtreme 3.  To which Nintendo president Shuntaro Furukawa simply argued that Nintendo’s stance on content is to confine ONLY to the ratings board, and anything more is unhealthy to the rest of the industry. Ironic considering the company’s [Nintendo] history with censorship on the NES and Super NES in America.
NEC video would be cool. Great job with this video.
Man, its so weird hearing all of this stuff in past tense know I lived through the PS3 era and it feels like it was only 2 or so years ago.  It's also hilarious to see Anonymous labelled as a 'hacker group'.
Sony’s biggest problem was that it’s fat. It was always too fat. Like a damn tonka truck
Do microsoft next. I think their biggest mistake was buying rare
I will also add that one of Sony's biggest mistakes was their DNAS system and their claim that it couldn't be hacked, that resulted in the complete loss of their flagship game series at the time, SOCOM.
1:39 Well, I mean, I honestly never had a problem with the PSP Go's internal memory card size. Was this just a random thing you said or was there evidence to back that up? I bought a PSP Go memory stick back then and completely regretted it cuz I never once used it. The 16gb file size was already far beyond most of Sony's actual memory card sizes for the original PSP back then.
Fun fact: the PS Vita prototype had an sd card slot.
I love Atari, but they made some doozies back in the day.  I'd like to see that next and might take more than a list of 3.
I went PS3 but later.   The bluray player was a major reason. Uncharted was the other reason. I love that series and have platinum trophies for all three. I actually was one of those dummies that went after the Platinums on the games I liked. Worse that hadn't been released when I first played them. So I went back and played a number of them again. Which I didn't mind Uncharted games were just killer.   I skipped the current gen and went on the PC again. there really was only one game I wanted on either system and that is Horizon Zero Dawn which once I have time to play I'll get here shortly.   I just couldn't justify buying a whole console for just one game if I was upgrading my PC for many more.
*𝗚𝗘𝗢𝗛𝗢𝗧 𝗗𝗜𝗗 𝗡𝗢𝗧 "𝗝𝗔𝗜𝗟𝗕𝗥𝗘𝗔𝗞" 𝗧𝗛𝗘 𝗣𝗦𝟯. 𝗙𝗨𝗟𝗟 𝗦𝗧𝗢𝗣.*  fail0verflow did.  There were actually several ways to load code/games before his supposed "jailbreak".  It's not that hard to look into. George Hotz is a scam artist.
Gosh i forgot how disappointing Lair was lol great video bro!
I don't know if it's Top 3 worthy, but one of Sony's biggest mistakes is letting their arrogance go unchecked.I We saw this with their lacklustre final appearance at E3, and even more so when both they and Naughty Dog attempted to silence criticism of The Last of US: Part 2 earlier this year. Hubris, thy name is Sony. They seem to think their shit doesn't stink, and nowadays their exclusives are derivative of other western triple-A games, devoid of everything made their exclusives enticing in the past.   Another mistake of theirs is their censorship policies, which stifle the creative freedom of third-party game developers making mature content in their games. Games already have age ratings and certifications, so not only does this censorship feel redundant, but it's regressive.  And lastly, their negligence when it comes to their Japanese-developed IP's. Sony used to publish and lay claim to a good variety of both quality western and Japanese games, but the PS4 has only provided western games of varying degrees of quality. The only two Japanese-developed exclusives for the console I can honestly say I've enjoyed are Bloodborne and Gravity Rush 2. The rest are Vita ports and third-party games that have already been ported to other consoles. If you don't like what the western games offer, and if you think they are derivative, then you're out of luck. It's a shame, because I miss playing inventive games like the Ape Escape games, Jumping Flash, Tombi, Dark Cloud and its sequel, the first Genji, Folklore, and Demon's Souls.
Please make a Microsoft next😊😁
Netflix needs to pick this man up for a series
Another great episode, thanks!
Ooh I have a memory stick.  That has an sdcard slot in it... says everything. ^_^
The ps3 launch was great... for classic /v/ memes >RIIIIIIIIGE RACERRR >My name is Freddy Francesco and I am rich enough to buy a PS3 and 1 game.
Sony’s other big mistake is not making a sequel to Ape Escape 3 and making PS Move AE. Still waiting for 14+ years for a remake trilogy or Ape Escape 4.
Well if you did Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes, they'd all be about Windows.
4th mistake...       Didn't launch PS5 with Knack 3
I'll never not get annoyed by the topic of the Vita. They should have had a banger of a console on their hands (particularly in the west), with one of the best launch line-ups _ever_ and an incredibly powerful system with dual-joysticks, but nope - the executives won, the memory issue killed it, and then they had the nerve to blame smartphones and claim that portable game consoles just no longer had a market.  Uhm, Sony, did you see how the Nintendo DS and 3DS sales went? The Switch launched in 2017 and was basically a giant Vita and uh, did you see how well the Switch did? Doesn't seem like Nintendo fans are clinging to their SMARTPHONES now, does it?  Classic case of suits making the rules, then blaming the consumer for their own failures. I'm not bitter or anything. Still love my Vita.
Don't forget Number 4, the Cell Processor.
Blue ray won anyway.. so PS3 did do the contribution to win the disc media market.
to be fair memory stick was waaaaaaay better than SD card as it had support for 2 banks and later on there were the adapters for 2x microSD to memory stick plus back in the days their cards were super common due to their popularity in cameras and cellphones and they would cost about the same as SD cards. So for PSP there was no issue whatsoever - if anything then the biggest mistake in PSP's cas was not adding a 2nd analog stick in PSP slim as a lot of games did actually even have the 2nd analog support in anticipation for if (they are still playable with a single stick of course).
Man the Switch just annihilated the vita into oblivion
Oh man! Who here remembers Omega Boost?!!!
It's about time you covered Sony. Cool video. ^_^
7:55 I wish someone would actually TALK about this dang game instead of resorting to using those same old clips from that E3 presentation already! It’s been getting really REALLY old at this point and it frankly just shows how much of a broken record people have gotten at this point when it comes to recounting that E3 conference!
I hate Sony
I also enjoyed the bit about the “memory & digital media format wars” between Sony & the rest of the industry. I’d like to see another video discussing the history of these wars in more depth. Hearing about Betamax vs. VHS would be fun!
I remember the psn hack. Used my card on the network and seen a negative account balance! I was heated too
PSVUE was a pretty big pile of wank, lest we forget...
OMG! As a kid I played a lot of omega boost, but I never finish it. I didn't remember what was it's name and  for the last year i have  been trying to find it and replay it and now thanks to video I finally found it!
16:07  "The Deputy Commissioner of the British Information Commission Office Ripped ... Sony...Apart." Reads a very educated and soft response.
Ahh yes.. i do remember quite good when psn went down. I remember i played offline single player games for a month.. boy it was good 😁
That is exactly what killed the vita.
Damn Norm, you killed it with the transitions! Amazing video and so we'll explained, as always. Love your work man, wish you the best <3
Do Microsoft please. I learned alot about sony on this one. Excellent work!
I remember during the PS3 launch when they offered a bounty for each unit that people still spotted on shelves. Even Penny Arcade made a strip about it, tallying up how much bounty money Sony would owe them just from their local stores.
Great video as always Norman!!!
Love The 3 Biggest Mistakes series. I would also like to see a 3 Best Decisions series with these companies.
Is it me or sony has the biggest mistakes?
While I am a PlayStation fan, the whole memory stick fiasco with the PSVita was just egregious. Of course, this is nothing big or as disappointing as the PSN hack.
To be fair, Sony always stuck it in and broke it off when it came to saving games. Thank science for Mad Catz and Kay-Bee Toys for selling their bootleg memory card for $7 because otherwise I wouldn't have been able to save shit.
the lack of rumble was no big deal for me with the ps3 my problem was the lack of good exclusives for the first few years
i had a PSP as a kid and i never knew you needed memory cards until now lol
The Sony hack is the reason why to this day I don't use my debit card to buy games on their store front. I just buy the pre-paid cards and top up on there.   But my favourite Sony mistake is when Sony Pictures got hacked by North Korea, as we got some juicy  information and Sony bizarre plans for the Spider-Man movies. I still like to think that it was the reason that led to Spidey being in the MCU.   Another funny Sony mistake I like, is Sony signing away their shares in merchandising rights in Spider-Man back to Disney/Marvel in exchange for 100% of box office revenue. That is a mistake that Sony would admit was not their best move.   A Sony mistake that I predict will happen is them repeating the PS3 and pricing the PS5 far too high. That system is not going to be cheap, I feel.
Thanks for starting the #1 from OtherOS removal update, just like it should. Back when PS3 was released, I had 2 reasons for which I bought it: Super Stardust HD and OtherOS support.  With their arrogance with OtherOS removal update (absolutely NO compensation of any kind, not even some lousy $5 coupons for PSN store or whatever), they DEFINITELY deserved what they got.  And then later on, PSN is down for a while, and everyone gets free stuff?  Too bad, that back then companies couldn't automatically get big fines from, say, EU for mishandling customer data. They definitely would have deserved that too.
1) PS3 launch price 2) Not revealing the PS5's price at all 3) PSP Go
The PS1 Mini....that was a HUGE mistake ¬_¬
If you make a video on Atari's biggest mistakes, you might need more than three!
Ps vita launch price was a pretty big fail
That bald fucker who said rumble is yesterday's technology is so stereotypical of how I think the suits who destroy companies from within are. Completely out of touch with their customers and arrogant. You know, like Blizzard nowadays... they're pathetic.
the worst common problem of PS3 units YLOD!!!!!... unlike PS2 if lens are dead the unit is still operable..unlike PS3 the whole unit is DEAD.... that is the most disappointment.... PS1 PS2 and PSP parts are cheap today so any parts that has a problem can be replaced easily unlike PS3...needs Reballing from a machine..and costs highly...
Despite the PS3 being a disastrous launch. It's one of my all-time favorite systems. I still play it more than my PS4.
I had a love/hate relationship with the PS3, back in 2006/2007 it was a futuristic console, the startup theme was really cool, the Blu Ray feature was awesome, and the original 60gb PS3 had something very useful that future models didn't: hardware backwards compatibility thanks to an integrated chip, which allowed original PS3 to run a wider variety of games from PS1 and PS2 compared to the software compatibility of future FAT models (not to say slim models took out backwards compatibility) plus of that all the USB slots and cardslots were really cool and the option to install Linux in the system or use the browser and other options too! But then the flaws were really big and lame...Lack of good exclusives (X360 was stomping the PS3 with Gears of War, Lost Planet, HALO 3 and many others), the controls were poor quality, it took A LOT to install updates and games, The PSN was a disaster not to mention that it was not available in all regions, and also one of the worst: The YLOD, compared to Microsoft who would give you a brand new console if you get an RLOD, for the YLOD SONY would make you pay the total of reparations if not buying a brand new console, for that reason I only had a PS3 for only 2 years... Plus of that PS3 back in the day didn't have anything to compete against achievements (trophys appeared much later) and you were not allowed to play your internal music while playing (X360 allowed this and more) and even if you had a brand new DualShock 3 (rumble feature) old games didn't have the option... So much potential wasted at the beginning
I didn't mind memory stick with the PSP since it came out in a time where there was a format war going on with memory cards (it'd be like complaining that a camcorder recorded on Hi-8 instead of VHS-C), was available from many suppiers and compatible with many Sony digital devices, and it could easily be connected to my family's computer for data management and backing up; but the vita was inexcusable since SanDisc had long won the format war by then, was ONLY compatible with the vita, and as far as I know can't easily be connected to a computer (though I don't have one so I wouldn't know).
oh cool a new video
I would love to see NEC and being a Turbografx-16 nut I could also help if you had any questions?
Man I remember the days of the PSN breach. Couldn't play any LittleBigPlanet user levels or Black Ops zombies for almost a month, and those were pretty much the only games I played at the time. Hopefully we never have to experience a breach that big ever again. It sucked big time, even as a kid.
I’d say the Vita wasn’t a mistake because we basically got a Persona machine.
Do Atari please.  Then Microsoft.
Now talk about Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes pls
Looks like spell check wasn’t “essential” in making that shirt 🤔
You forgot that the ps3 had backwards compatibility for all of a year then the systems started to die so they had to remove the feature even though it was one of the biggest selling points
I remember reading about giant enemy crabs while i was in school in Japan.
You could also bring up how Sony is currently the king of censorship when it comes to non-exclusive games. the biggest example is Nekopara getting censored from an hard M eroge down to E.
*There was nothing wrong with the PS3 launch. You are inventing "problems" where there are none.*  It came with bluray, new cell architecture and DDR3 ram. These were huge technological leaps.  XBox? You get OLD as dirt tech then on top of that, you had to pay for online services. 👍🏻 Thanks for introducing that Microsoft. 🙄
Sonys biggest mistake? Copying everything Nintendo did but making it worse.
those ps vita memory cards are STILL 59.99 for a very small amount of GB
I feel like the vita had several other problems in addition to the bad memory. They partnered with AT&T for 3G coverage which actually got boos from the audience when that was announced. It just felt like you were paying too much and not getting that much in return.  Also god I remember actually shelling out $500 for a PS3 during it's launch year. I was such a blind fanboy back then that I actually bought all the excuses they gave hook, line, and sinker. Looking back I should've definitely waited until they reduced it to $400. Hindsight can be cruel sometimes.
Can you do Capcoms 3 biggest mistakes
I have been a Sony fanboy since the PS2 days, but I agree with you all the way around.  I didn't get the PS3 until way after it came out. The Sony memory sticks is why I never got the Vita after the PSP.  And I was a victim of that hack.
Microsoft and Atari are pretty interesting choices, but who the heck is NEC?
Microsoft should be next. Though Nintendo and Sega have made enough mistakes to make a part 2 videos. Examples like Nintendo's mismarketing of the Wii U and Sega mishandling with Sonic in the mid 2000s
The ps3’s original controller design looks like a curved boomerang.
Blu-ray swayed me to get a PS3 in 2008, but I'm a DVD/Blu-ray collector who is also a gamer.
awesome
I had no idea the hack was as big as it was. How did Sony survive that? That honestly should have taken them down. Guess it is true some companies are just too big to fail.
Ps vita  tv
I really don't know if you can call their strategy with the ps3 a failure; I mean, the launch windows was certainly subpar, but their strategy to make the blu ray format the de-facto standard was a winning one. I believe the PS3 surpassed Xbox360 in life time sales (even though it didn't even come close to the PS2), but now blu-ray is the standard for almost anything entertainment-related. Other than having a console that sold quite well, now they also have a stake in every industry using the blu-ray format. I don't have any numbers at hand, but if I had to guess I would say that they probably make a fair bit of money on that as well, without even considering the fact that they are also profiting from sales on competitor's systems, I'd imagine they have long recouped the loss they made selling PS3s. I don't know if it will be paying off well long into the future, since even they recognize the importance of driving digital sales for that sweet store cut, but hey, two generations worth of sales is nothing to laugh at. Edit: Also, I think the real mistake they made was the Cell CPU in the PS3. Yes, it had much more potential than whatever Xbox was using (was it a Jaguar?), but it made it a pain to develop on and the only ones who really took advantage of it were first-party and second-party studios. It might have helped drive sales down the life cycle given the exclusive heavy hitters they had for it, but throughout the generation third-party comparisons with xbox360 were always unfavourable.
Yeah, I skipped the PS3 because it was too expensive, and the PS4 is super disappointing so I'm definitely not gonna get the PS5.
Yeah, that data breach debacle was a doozy.  I'm glad I was on the Microsoft side of things during that era, for a variety of reasons, but that's one of the bigger ones.
I will always prefer a ps3 over a 360, I hada 360 for a really long time because I got one as a Christmas gift but after I got a job one of the first things I did was went out and got a ps3 and never looked back
I would argue that Sony only made 1 mistake.   Proprietary memory cards a mistake?    The whole point was to make money off of their barely profitable margins of their Vita system.  People didn't buy a vita because of this, they didn't buy one because smartphones became so advanced and everyone already had one.     The PS3 Launch price?  Again, sure it took awhile but the WHOLE POINT to take a loss on the system was to win the HD format wars.  And they did.  They won massively.       The dualshock 3, yeah.. people just bought more controllers.   Not exactly a mistake for Sony.    Sony's PSN failure was their only mistake.
I think I’m gonna get the ps5 this year.
I did not buy a VITA until I could buy a 16GB for $20. On Black Friday.
Next video : Gaming Historian biggest mistakes.  (actually you already did it).
Do history on Xbox and the also the biggest episode on it same with Atari
I probably already said this on a previous video but the music in your latest videos just give your production an edge. Absolutely love it!
I absolutely love your content. Sadly, I can't appreciate this video :-( The audio mix highly favors the bass heavy audio track that's supposed to be in the background. Narration's level is too soft for this old fuddy-duddy to hear. Maybe the next video you could compress the background audio further below the narration?
I want a psvita 2!! The Vita was bad ass
A couple of questions:  1.  Wasn't there hardware in the original PS3 to play PS1 & 2 games and wasn't that part of the reason it stayed so expensive?  2.  Didn't the president of Sony get forced into retirement over the PS3 market?  Isn't that when the price of the PS3 come down and it lost it's backwards capabilities?
I remembered the PS3 launch only a little and that was because I had older cousins that were hyped about the PS3 but after launch date they realized it was going to be awful so they got either 360s or a Wii
Microsoft or Atari sound juicy to me.
The typo on Norman's shirt is distracting.
Did Nintendo never face a similar legal battle with immersion over their rumble tech?
Several years ago, someone was making unauthorized transactions with my card. I became aware of this right away, and contacted the bank, who made me wait until the pending transactions were finalized before doing anything about it. One of those unauthorized transactions, was for a purchase related to the Sony PlayStation, which is absurd as I've never owned any consoles newer than a Saturn and never had a console online service. Fortunately, some of the purchases were defaulted to deliver to the address associated with the card (mine), so the scammer never received their ill-gotten goods; I had the shipping company return them with notes declaring the purchases as fraudulent. Annoyingly, this wasn't the end. After the bank had cancelled my cards and issue me new ones with new numbers, it happened again, this time with the company that handles the card numbers, as Sony didn't have my new information.
Can someone link me to that Blu-ray video at 5:15?
Called all 3, including placements! I loved the psp, but the repeated mistake of proprietary memory cards kept me from ever even wanting a vita. The library was paper thin for a looooong time too. And it became a cycle, because developers didn't want to make games for a system no one was buying
Microsoft's 3 biggest mistakes for your future video:  1. Xbox 360 Red Ring of Death - The infamous "three flashing red lights" defect in launch editions of the X360 was very costly for Microsoft. I've read that up to 56% of X360's had this problem, and I was one of the victims of this. I got a Playstation 3 after my poorly designed 3rd Xbox 360 broke in 3 years of ownership. No regrets. 2. Xbox One Launch - An option for a pack-in Kinect sensor makes sense, but not forcing it upon all gamers who buy the console on Day One is a constant recipe for disaster. A higher asking price than the competition, bad public relations, and bad consumer friendliness (i.e., forced DRM and permanent online connectivity) also complemented the bad launch. 3. The Xbox Controller (aka "The Duke") - This controller was massive and very poorly designed. Microsoft released the Xbox Controller S in Japan, which quickly found its way across the Pacific due to its much better design.  Dishonorable Mention:  Xbox One in General - Xbox One is the best console in the 8th Generation if you love using it as a media device, but it has NOT ONE great console-defining exclusive (my opinion) in nearly 7 years of life.
The ps3  ACK- It hurts ALOT X_X
Great vid!  NEC's three biggest mistakes would be very interesting.
PlayStation classic
Xbox changed the game for controllers. the current Xbox controller is the best, hands down
"The flaws in that system [PSN] created the biggest mistake Sony has ever made." *Ad for Ice Breakers plays*
Sony always shoots itself in the foot with consumers. They make amazing technology, but they're always so stupid with consumers.
I remember the big hack at PSN because it was in the newspaper. Fortunately for me I don't use credit cards for any of my online accounts with these companies (gift cards come in really handy, if you know what I mean 😉) so I didn't have to worry about that. SONY wise I was playing on a slim line PSP 3000 at the time and despite liking it for what it was, I was also frustrated with their memory stick approach for saving games, but what could I do? I was still upset with Sony though, for allowing this whole hacking problem to happen in the first place all because they hadn't updated their security protocols. Damn right they should have known better. Shame on them indeed. I guess I made the right choice by jumping from PS2 to XBox 360 for that generation. I currently own both a PS4 (lucky for them) and an XBox One X and security at both services seems to be okay now, but this should still be a valuable lesson, always make sure that your security is up to date. That means everyone, not just online services.
About the third mistake: Talk about dropping an atomic bomb on Sony's lazy face... a hack-omic bomb...
Great job as usual!! Love these episodes!
I think a 3 biggest mistakes on Atari would be intriguing. Narrowing it down would be tough but I have faith in you, GH!
A niche video idea would be covering arcade companies that were giants in the arcade but ended up doing software for consoles. And how they tried to mimic the quality of arcade games in their console ports. Midway/Netherrealm, Sega, Namco, NeoGeo.
Hope you're safe during this whole pandemic, dude! Your videos are always a treat for me to watch and I feel kind of nostalgic watching your videos since I first found your channel when I was early in high school.
Including a Blu-ray player in the PS3 was NOT a mistake. If anything, Blu-ray was one of the things that saved the PS3 just like how DVD playback on the PS2 right out the box contributed greatly to it's success. The real failures was the inclusions of the Cell processor which cost more than a normal CPU but didn't really perform better and was terrible to develop for. Also non unified memory, and unreliable hardware such as failed drives and overheating.
After tackling the remaining big console player Xbox, you could make the opposite. The three biggest hits of Nintendo/Sega/Sony, detailing some of their most forward-thinking, revolutionary corporate moves like the Wii, Xbox Live, the Genesis, etc.
400$ minimum for the PSV (250/300$ + Memory Card) at the launch almost "killed" the console.  Also, I think Sony's entire management about all PSVita life cycle (US/PAL) should be in this video as honorable special mention. Just for justice. Poor little gem of a portable console.. such a fucking waste of infinite potential.
The MemoryStick wasn't too big an issue for the PSP, since plenty of Sony's devices already used them and there were still 3rd party options, like SanDisk. The Vita on the other hand... Sony definitely should've just given up and gone with MicroSD.
I thought it was a mistake at the time to name their first system the PlayStation. To me, it sounded like a child's play center, like Chuck E. Cheese or Monkey Joe's. Now, it's cool. But if they had failed, I would have pegged the name as one of the reasons.
Atari....all of it
I remember paying an insane amount for my SD cards for my Psp. I'd jailbreak it to put all sorts of emulators and programs on it. I loved that thing.
Mistakes made by LJN would be the easiest script ever. "Basically, start with the day they opened shop and everything that happened afterward."
Please do Microsoft. We need to rip that company a new one before we go back to the past.
I haven't seen the video yet but I'm gonna go out on a a limb and say vita pricing. that killed the system.
And just think, Sony is making some of the same mistakes with the PS5
I abandoned Sony before the PS3 released because a quote from someone (I think it might have been Kutaragi) who said "People will buy the PS3 even if there were no games because it says Sony on it."  I've never been back. But to be fair, after I bought a GameCube I haven't been back to consoles because PCs exist. Why be a peasant if I have a choice?
I'm glad its just you this time. I appreciate having others speaking in your last video but we came to see the Gaming Historian, not other Youtubers on their webcam.
These are all big no no’s, but I wouldn’t change these experiences for anything. I can only hope Sony learns.  #VitaIsland
I know this channel is VideoGame orinted but Apple has a lot of material to make a video about. Other VideoGame companies to make a video about could be Blizzard, the XBox brand (since it's own subsidiary backed up by Microsoft) and Valve.
Microsoft’s 3 biggest mistakes    3: Kinect    2: Xbox one launch price   1: red ring of death
Well done, I always enjoy these videos you make!
I wish I could defend the PS3 and what Sony did with it because it was my childhood console but I just can't defend the PlayStation Vita and ps3  I never grew with a Vita that's why the PSP wasn't well sold as the DS because the DS didn't need you buy a card that that could only work for it it could work with any SD card so why couldn't they just do the same with the PlayStation Vita my cousins grew up with the Xbox 360.
Sony's three biggest mistakes?  Simple:  Play Station Three
Yet ironically, the existence of PlayStation is Nintendos biggest mistake.
I know some didnt cared for the 3DS but that was my favorite handheld console during that time. Sure I can either get that or the PS vista, cant own both but it had a SD card which was standard plus great selection of games from what I played. Honestly the 3DS was better in handling the marketing, outside the original price that is.
sonic heroes
Sony had more mistakes than that.. you've covered only video game stuff. They blew it with Betamax, the mini-CD, the camcorders, digital cassettes. The list goes on and on. But they won out big with Walkman, PS1 & 2, Bluray (remember Bluray vs HDDVD?) and the Trinitron TV. Guess that's why they're still a market juggernaut.
The real slap in the face with the proprietary memory cards was the Vita card with a slight modification to their M2 series of MSPD cards. so those with a PSP go couldnt even use their M2 card in the Vita... ouch.
Is there more to the story of Immersion and their rumble patents? Did they have a legitimate case, or was it a common case of overapplying it on vague terms? Was Nintendo exempt from these litigations? I'm gonna do my own research, but it sounds like it'd make a good video
I'm pretty sure Blu-Ray wasn't the only thing that made the PS3 expensive.
Phil Harrison looks like a bald linkara
This channel was a mistake.
Oof, yeah, that PSN hack was big. I remember my credit card linked to that account being compromised shortly after the hack. Coincidence? Probably not.
how about a top 10 konami fuck ups
Thanks Norm, see u in a month.
Incredible video!
I actually think the Cell was probably a bigger mistake then both proprietary memory and even the PS3 launch itself. Most third party games ran and looked worse on the PS3 (remember Bayonetta? I still have nightmares) and it still haunts us to this day as it's made backwards compatibility with the console a huge pain. I hope eventually they can just brute force emulation but right now it feels like I'll have my PS3 hooked up until the end of time (and yes I do still play it quite a bit, it had a great library by the end of its life.)   But it's especially sobering after watching Cerny's road to PS5 presentation where he talked about "time to triangle" and how it took developers from 6 months to a year to make proper use of the system.
7:42 oh hey, a GM sniper ll
Is the spelling error on his shirt part of an inside joke or something?
Am I the only person who hates rumble in the controller? I will always turn it off if given the option, preferably at the system level so I don't have to do it in each game. I just don't like the thing that I'm trying to input precise controls on to be shaking around in my hands.
i love this channel
Another big mistake Sony made was moving HQ to California and forcing censorship on Japanese games that just show off skin while they allow a dirty scene in The Last of Us 2.
The biggest mistake is YOU
I used to manage to “save” my data when I went school by putting my psp on charge pausing the game and turning the psp off by flicking the power switch instead of holding it and it would enter a sort of “sleep” mode, tho an issue would be that at times it would turn the console off completely at times or if you took the charger off it would turn the console off 😔👉👈 still best years of my childhood, sadly missed out on the PS4 gen due to lack of money since needed for more important shit hopefully can grab the ps5 and if sony ever decides to do another psp/vita or handheld in general 😔 gonna grab and abuse
Omg keep videos like this going love anything u guys do
How ironic that the company who boasted a system that cost $100 less than the competition released a system at $100 more than the competition.
Do Atari next
How many games are you trying to download to your PSP GO at once? I owned one, I never got memory for it. I own nearly 140 PSP GO compatible games on PSN, the largest of which is Final Fantasy VIII for PS1 which is 1.78 GBs. A few others are in the 1.5 GB range, but 2/3rds of them are under 500 MBs.  Another reason the PS3 was expensive at launch is because it included a feature gamers typically bitch about, but don't make much use of: backward compatibility. It could play PS2 games and including the added hardware tech to make that work was also expensive. Stripping that out in future models also helped bring the costs down.
Who didn't see number 1 coming a mile away?  The visually impaired could see that one coming.  No offense was intended.
Atari
When that PSN hack happened back in 2013 I was so glad I didn't own a PS3. it was a great system but going through that issue and possibly having my identity stolen would have been really scary.
Another Sony’s biggest mistake (not related to games)...owning 100% of the ATV music catalog.
How can you mention Sony's price without mentioning Chad Warden?  $600 ain't shit.
The worst for me was trapping their PS4 users with no hope of crossplay for the entire life of the PS4. Because f u that's why.
The Vita a failure ?, The console is pure gold the problem is the support that Sony gave it,  just purchased an used one a couple of months ago for  40 bucks, it took me less than 15 minutes to hack it.
I loved the PSN hack! Because of it, PS3 sales slowed so GameStop sent me a coupon to buy a new PS3 for $100 off! That's when I finally bought a PS3 🤣
Microsoft would be a great follow up to this  They botched Xbox one and haven’t recovered Due to trying to convince us to use konnect or whatever it was called  Great vid keep up the awesome work!
sony is about too make the same mistake again! with proprietary stuff on the PS 5. anny beets on how expensive the  proprietary expansion ssd drives will be. and they wont allow you too connect  external drives.
Hmm, an Atari mistakes episode...that could be interesting.
My life grinds to a screeching halt every time you upload a video. Thank you for doing what you do.
Punishment from the remaining souls of failed sega console's thus, Sony had been sinned.
didnt watch yet but i hope the Fallout 4 mod fiasco is considered one of their biggest mistakes lol
Fail to mention the complex developing process due to the PS3 arquitecture and lower resolution for most third party games compared to the 360 ...oh and valve NOT releasing Left4dead for the PS3 (my personal favorite games of all time) but that's just me 😊
Great vid
Due to that hack and Sony being silent about it for a week, I only use prepaid cards on my PS4.
Microsoft is next... 🔥🔥🔥
I think you forgot to mention what was stated in the recent GDC talk from Sony regarding the PS3. The first variant included the PS2 chipset for backwards compatibility with PS2 games, which was very expensive to make and they eventually had to remove it to make the console cheaper at the cost of sacrificing backwards compatibility.
Here's an interesting fact.  All of Sony's issues using proprietary hardware is EXACTLY what Apple does more and more every year.  Their drop of HDMI, USB, and AUX is a huge issue - but many people don't seem to care.  Their sales haven't taken the hit.  Would be interesting to see why these differ so greatly.
Great episode! Crazy you’re not at 1 million subs yet
someone already said it but Playstation classic!! was huge mistake!
Pacman -- He is essentially what he believes... WHAT? I must know!
For me, the betrayal of the removal of PS2 back compatability made me leave the PS3 in the store.
Definitely Atari.
I think a fourth mistake was giving up on the handheld market and not competing with the Switch. The reason why the Vita failed was probably mainly due to the propriatary memorycards which was mentioned. They could have adressed that issue and still be a competitor.  The PSP it to this day one of my favorite handhelds to ever grace mankind
I kind of have experiences with all three of the topics here.  With the PSP that wasn't much of an issue since throughout all the years I only got a couple of games (Around 6 I think) and none were digital. This meant that all of them had enough space to save fit on the included 32mb memory stick. Though I have been wanting in recent years to possibly buy a 1gb or less storage memory stick to mod the console, though I have now scrapped that idea since they are pretty much impossible to find and even then would have possibly would have costed more then when they launched, so there's no reason if you do find a link to one. Thanks but no thanks.   The Ps3 model I got was one of the earlier ps3 slim model's giving it's serial number. I think my dad was aware of the nasty price of the phat ps3 and waited untill the holy of nature that was the ps3 slim (ik im joking here but it was pretty much the go to ps3). Although it could not play ps2 games, that did not matter to me since I never had any ps2 disc games to begin with and second, the ps3 slim gives up almost nothing compared to the phat models. Its seriously one of my favourite consoles of my life yet and loved it to death alongside with my Wii for years to come.   When the Psn hack happened in april 2011 I was 8 years old and although I think I played it during that time, I never really got affected by it. I mean I would always play on my dads account since I did not know at the time how to create another user and could not be bothered with it. Even then although my dads account may or may not have been affected by the hack, it did not make our lives any worse and there were no sign that anything bad had happend, and even my dad never told me about it since I think he never knew it hapened. We can just hope that no hacking problems will happen with the ps5 and hopefully as little controversies happen giving the first one being regards to it's funny wierd design.
Сенкью вери мач))
I'd say Beta was Sony's number one blunder, but these are close. LOL!
3:33 People didn't came up with microSD to Vita adapters "soon". It took years and was a huge effort. Vita was "hacked" in late July 2016, over five years after release. Comparatively, this is ages, PSVita was pretty well secured. Most consoles are hacked within their relevancy period; just look at the Switch or PS3 or even PS4. After that, adapter schematics and code required to enable the adapter didn't show up until July of 2017. And then it took months for consumer-friendly adapters (like those shown in the video) to appear in online stores. People used to order custom PCBs off places like PCBWay and soldered microSD ports on their own.  By the way, I have 400 GB Vita, it's glorious. :)
I'm certain that my data was stolen in the PSN hack, as I had a weird charge on my debit card that same time.
Great video as always, Norm! Looking forward to an MS's XBox biggest mistakes video. ;)
Norman, this is such a great episode as always. I hope you are having a great start of graduate school! I know how it felt to come back to school after so long, and I am now on my last leg of obtaining a PhD.
I would love a "Atari's Biggest mistakes" episode
If you ever wondered why the phrase "PS3 HAS NO GAMES" was so common, the PS3's crap launch is why.  I too went with an Xbox 360 last gen and didn't get a PS3 until late in its cycle.
Man I guessed all of these
Next up: Microsoft’s 3 biggest mistakes.
I'm expecting Microsoft next Norm lol. But seriously, it'd be interesting if we saw vids for other console makers like Atari, NEC, or even game developers like Activision, Blizzard, Rockstar, Capcom, Konami... (lemme stop myself before it's too late)  Edit: I SWEAR TO GOD I DIDN'T WATCH THE END
Would you consider doing Tiger Electronics?
Sony's Censorship
I had plenty of friends who owned a Xbox 360, but rarely any who owned a PS3, even I owned a Xbox 360, but after watching this video I'm glad I didn't get a PS3 and decided to tell my parents to buy me Xbox 360 for Christmas back then
Great episode.
I await the mustakes of microsoft featuring the HD DVD add on and hardware failure
It's always a good day when gaming historian uploads. 😀
Are you the how its made voiceover guy?
Great video norm ❤️
I will like to see Atari's Three Biggest Mistakes , it would be interesting to see how a multimillion dollar company went down
Sony made the Vita a mistake themselves. It had SO much potential.
How about the sony experia the sony phone?
Man, the PS3 had a rough time.
you forget ps plus
Undeniably the biggest mistake Sony has ever made that can still be rectified is that they haven't announced or confirmed Knack 3, 4, and 5.  They're definitely dropping the ball on this one.
For me Personally i went with new PC Hardware and stocked up on Retro Consoles/Games. That 3D Games on Consoles are really... they can't keep up with PC! The good old 2D Consoles are much cooler and don't stress my eyes. But i think with PS5 we will see the first true 3D Power House! But until then Navi 2x will Launch for PC so...
PSX was probably one of Sony's mistakes, but it really was only known in Japan.  For those who don't know, PSX is a DVR system with a PS2 integrated into it. It sold horribly and was shortly discontinued. Feel like he should make a video on it...
What caused the Sony hack:  "Nedry, our personal information is in your hands and you've got butterfingers?"
On the topic of data breaches, I wonder if you'd count the Nintendo GigaLeak as one of Nintendo's biggest mistakes if Sony's data breach took the #1 spot.  Personally, I wouldn't think so since nobody's personal information was doxxed or anything, but from what I've heard about the leak, basically all of Nintendo's IPs, internal documentation, and more for consoles and games up until the GameCube/Wii are now in possession of the hacker. There's no denying that this is a LOT of information that's unwillingly been made public.
The only other mistake I'd say would be worth mentioning was how easily people got pirated games running on the PS1. Basically made a console a haven for piracy and homebrew. Although I'd also argue that it was a net benefit in the end, in terms of making people buy the console just because of how easy it was to play copied discs, in turn getting more people playing games on the system. I imagine many publishers weren't happy with how easy it was though.
I think Sony has tackled their hiccups pretty well.  I feel as if they’re more user-friendly now more than ever.
But somehow you still have tons of people that to this day act like Somy can do no wrong and any mistakes are easily forgotten in a short time.   Xbox ome launching at $500 in 2013 is really bad, but PS3 launching in 2007 for $500 - $600 was "bad, but whatever"?  Cutting BC in PS4 but charging for a limited selection for psNow(sabotaging Onlive to get this service)  and bringing BC to PS5 like they should be applauded for it...
good times
Those memory cards for the Vita were ridiculous.
Man all those goofs and with the ps4, it’s like it never happened. Goes to show you companies can learn what matters to consumers and play to that. But then again, with Microsoft bungling the Xbox One, it wasn’t really hard. I guess everyone bungles their 3rd console launch.
I went with the Xbox 360 first then went and got a PS3 3 years later for Xmas
Gotta be Microsoft next, the Xbox One reveal could take up half the episode by itself
LJN Three Biggest Mistakes when?
Even though they call them memory cards, it's not accurate to refer to it as "memory." That's another way of saying RAM, which is volatile and doesn't persist when the system is shut off. A more accurate term is "storage."
I don't think including bluray into the PS3 was a mistake at all. It was unfortunately necessary at the time. What else would they use as an optical disk? DVD's? DVDs didn't have the storage space necessary for the largest games at the time, and Bluray was superior to HD-DVD. It was a gamble that paid off as Bluray did win the optical disk wars.
I clicked this video and didn't realize it was Norm until I heard your sweet sweet voice
For a second I thought he was gonna say the Vita was a mistake... But yeah, I completely agree that the memory cards were a pain!
Other notable mentions include not bundling an HDMI cable with the PS3 at launch. The blu-ray powered, full HD 1080p console didn’t bother to ship with a cable needed to experience the HD.... And there’s also that famous E3 2005 Killzone 2 reveal.
I'm a weird guy but I honestly think that outside of the PSN hack, the PS3 era was Sony's best after the PS1. In my opinion, Sony's biggest mistake after the PSN hack and Vita memory cards should be the PS4. It's weak, loud, first party titles barely have any variety in genres and otherwise we mostly have multiplats and indies. Haters gonna hate but that's my opinion.
Sony’s biggest mistake was removing the colors from the PlayStation logo
Sony's Biggest mistake was that akward sex scene in TLOU II
How about tackling the biggest mistakes from third party developers in the future? ( Lookin at you Konami )
How about the fact that Sony was the reason that the PS3's security was broken and the private key could be extrapolated which led to complete control for pirates and devs? Basically gave away the keys to the castle because they did not randomly generate a number. Feel like that should have made the list.
The Playstation 3 itself was a mistake
and so far, everything about the ps5 compared to it's competition in the market... They dropped the ball across the board. Blew their load on ps4, just assumed they now have brand loyalty and it doesn't really matter. People praise sony for their samey 1st party titles, but now they won't have any for at least a full year after release. Anything major at least.... They didn't show a fraction of the exclusives and didn't show any gameplay for anything. And they are making you buy a new console for a Spiderman PS4 expansion using the same engine and the same open world and the same assets... Less consumer friendly over all by a mile as well. And the console will be more expensive or the same price and be significantly less powerful. A faster SSD isn't going to save them there.   It's incredibly disappointing.
The vita is a nice persona 4 golden machine
Jesus I had no clue the psn hack was that bad
YAY! norm! keep it coming love this!!! wooo! so a-cited!
You should do a 3 biggest mistakes by atari
i went with Xbox 360 as well back then; the rich selection of shmups made it one of my most memorable experiences of the past decade
The Playstation Mini.  HUGE Mistake and I am sure sales were terrible
History of Dragon Quest series?
the vita did play a major hand at bringing the otome genre to the west, if not for it the genre wouldnt be nearly as big as it is right now, so it very much succeeded in some forms, and its still my favourite system!
PS5 looking to be up there lol
I purchased a ps3 specifically for the blu-ray player. And it did get me back into not casual gaming. And I ended up buying a ps4 and a ps4 pro. So maybe it worked out in the end but the launch was awful.
This is amazing
3:10 look at she go
PS1 memory cards were proprietary too yo
Microsoft: Whoops, we released a silly console that focuses on TV more than games. People are still not over it. Sony: Whoops, we were hacked with info about millions of accounts and all their personal data. "Hey, shit happens! It's alright."
Not good for Sony (⚰️)
When i bougth my ps3 regret it for a while, i would see the xbox blades startup and games and was like dam.
Atari for sure
Noone:  Sony at PS3 launch: We want the PS3 to be hard to buy so people work more
Sony has made mistakes? REALLY???
Really card info was hackd
Someone tag that sony fanboy MGK in the comments so he sees this video. Lul
"which mistakes will I go over next"  Prime opportunity for a self deprecation joke there man. lol
An idea for a video would be to cover the history of Atari post 1984 (split up by Warner communication, Atari Games and Atari Crop, and so on to where things stand now)
The PS Vita memory card issue is the only reason I never bought a Vita; the memory card cost was insane, there was no way to feel like I wasn't getting hosed.
Sony isn't a tech company anymore, just an entertainment company. The hack proves this as it makes for an entertaining video.
Oh no
I’ll defend the PS3 including BluRay.  We have to remember that Sony makes a lot more than just video games. Sometimes they have to do things in the interest of other divisions of the company, like the thing with  PSP’s memory card (not the Vita thing, that was just greedy and stupid). Like the man said, those things were a competing format with the SD card, not some proprietary “screw you” to the consumers. The high launch price that came as a result of including BluRay on the PS3 may have been frustrating for gamers, but it was a gamble that paid off in the long term, for both Sony and consumers. It created an install base for BluRay that allowed the superior format to win, and win before too many people got invested in the loser. There was no decade-long period where people couldn’t always get the movies they wanted on the format they owned like there was with BetaMax and VHS a generation before, HD DVD died a quick and (mostly) painless death. Including BluRay also created an install base for the PS3, because a lot of people who weren’t strictly interested in games bought one anyway just because it was cheaper than a regular player. Many of them got into gaming because they already had the machine.
Still angry about the Vita memory cards. I want a 64GB one but good lord
I'd REALLY like to see a video on NEC's mistakes; compared to Atari and Microsoft I feel like their general gaming presence is unsung, at least in the English circles of YouTube.
I remember my Dad being upset about memory stick prices for the PSP but the homebrew scene calmed him down. The price for the Vita ones though... Yikes.    -Matt
SNKs Biggest Mistakes.  Also,lemmie add in 2 more Sony Mistakes: 4. The PlayStation Move. It was a terrible Pathetic attempt at coping Nintendo's Wii and 5. Honestly thinking that they could decimate Nintendo in the handheld market.
Proprietary memory cards for the Vita was such a huge mistake. The Vita was my favorite handheld console of all time until the Switch came out, but being a Vita fan put a major strain on my wallet. I purchased 2 64GB memory cards in the hopes of storing my Vita collection, but  they had significant fail rates which I didn’t know at the time. I had hoped to use the cards interchangeably to play my games, but every time I’d swap the cards out I would lose all my games. All the games we’re still installed I just couldn’t access them, even after rebuilding the database. My solution? I purchased a 2nd Vita when the newer model came out so I would never have to remove the memory. More room meant more games which eventually led me to buying a Vita TV & another 64GB card. I shudder to think about what this all ended up costing, but man I still love the Vita. Great system with some of my all time favorite games. I really wish it had been a bigger hit for Sony so that they still had interest in the handheld market.
Sony's biggest mistake was the release of Knack
I had a psp and thought the cards were expensive. But that vita wow so glad I never got one, 3ds was enough for me 😅
the psn hack is just a ZUCC moment before ZUCC became popular.
These are some serious big mistakes, especially #1.  Sony has been overly arrogant and full of themselves ever since the PS2 era, this is what happens when you think like that.
Congrats on grad school, you Xbox fanboy ;)
Microsoft, please?
You should do EA mistakes next
Was this the same hack in connection with actor’s salaries and emails and such being released? How many times has Sony been hacked???
I was expecting to see playstation classic, but nontheless it's a great list.
Next do Microsoft's biggest mistakes
awesome!!
The King returns 🙌🏽
OMG, this is really cool!  The biggest mistakes videos are among my favorites!  Thank you so much for making this!
I’ve mentioned this a lot, but I feel there is a lot to cover with Atari.  So if a video on Atari’s 3 biggest mistakes gets some Atari coverage I’m good with that.
Oh
Memory sticks worked on my 3DS
NeoGeo mistakes!
In hindsight the Ps3 is what turned me off from consoles, looking more and more like a PC with proprietary bs Everytime I wanted to play.  I was gifted a PS3, it costed almost 1k $ and each game costed 100.   Needless to say I just got a handful ever. While that same amount gave me my current PC plus around 200 games on the same span of time. Plus free demos.
It’s pretty crazy to think that Sony’s three biggest mistakes all came within 6 years of each other.   PS3 launch in 2006. PSN hack in 2011. Release of PS Vita with own memory cards in 2012.  Sony really had a rough couple of years, but they came back strong.
Glad to say that I have never in my life heard of a "Sony memory stick".
❗
Do commadore mistakes
Atari Jaguar had VR in the 90's, yet the next Xbox is not powerful enough for VR.
You could probably make an hour long video on how sony abandoned their handhelds
Another mistake is the PS Vita because of lack of support.
People call it ugly but honestly i would have loved to test out a "boomerang" PS3 controller, it looks like it might have been comfortable
Sony’s 4th mistake: Taking the Crash Bandicoot license away from Naughty Dog.  *IT WAS FATAL*
Funnily the first mistake didn't affect me because I never purchased a PlayStation handheld console, and neither did the other two because I never purchased a PS3, however Sony Interactive Entertainment's censorship policy of Eastern-developed games finally made me say "enough is enough", and now I'm done doing business with SIE and PlayStation as a whole.
Nobody:  Sony: Five Hundred And Ninety-Nine U.S. Dollars
The only bright spot on this awful year is more frequent Gaming Historian videos!!!
I know this isn’t related to games but the movies that Sony did where exposed during the hack one of the two where “the interview” and “the emoji movie” one that was pulled from theaters Due to the interviews premise of killing Kim jong un and the other that made the animation community mad that they would make an emoji movie one of the worst animated movies of existence and Sony was just a joke but those where huge can of worms that Sony had
Change my mind: The PS3 was a better media centre than game console.
The Vita wasn't really a mistake, it's just that Sony abandoned the portable for some reason. Maybe they wanted to see well as the PSP and felt that things would go better than they went because the 3DS had a complicated start? If Sony had not abandoned the Vita it could had sold more, sell good enough. Even the 3DS didn't sell as much as expected in the end.
I remember when the when the servers went down. I was young so I didn’t think much about it, I just got my ps3 and thought to myself “I’ll just play my old 360” I got 2 free games out of it too 😂
What are the chances that were gonna see another hack with the ps5
PS Classic. although it was not as large a loss financially as the three other cases listed. i think this goes well with PS3 arrogance. PS4 sold very well. So Sony became arrogant again. they imagined that any emulation box would sell well. because the package reads PlayStation.
I refused to get a Vita because of the memory cards. Now I have a nice collection of games because you can get a vita cartridge to microSD adapter. Would have loved to support it but fuck those vita memory cards
Sigh.. Xbox 360 and Halo 2 on Xbox live. Those were the days.
Xbox is next
This was really great! I can't wait to see the Xbox mistakes someday. And, congrats on grad school!
I reckon the inevitable "Microsoft's Biggest Mistakes" might cover both PC and Xbox related mistakes. I think we can guess two for the latter.
You gotta cover Atari Next
Fourth biggest mistake no backwards compatibility except for PS1 games. If that doesn't spell anti-consumerism I don't know what dose
You should look at Atari's mistakes!
ps3 i have 1 i love it luckly i got it after the hack i got it in like 2016
Good video so far, but it's really bothering me more than it should that the word "essentially" is misspelled on the shirt you're wearing..
Congratulations on graduate school! Didn't Sony blow Sega out of the water at whatever E3 they revealed the Saturn & PlayStation at with the cost? And then Sony turns right around and makes the exact same blunder a decade later? It's a wonder Microsoft didn't hop on that. I'm not against proprietary memory (I grew up with a GameCube), but to have it be the ONLY memory for your system? No way. The XBox 360 had it right: a hard drive to save stuff to, and will take both proprietary and standard memory. I think. Sony literally handed Microsoft the seventh generation in the first few years. It's astounding that Microsoft dropped the ball prioritizing Kinect and Sony managed to beat them back. What a video. I remember the PSN hack but not much else. I think, at this point, Sony is too big to fail. Of course, I'm sure someone thought the same of Sega in 1993.
It’s always a great day to when you upload. I really appreciate your quality over quantity mindset as it makes for some of the best gaming content on YouTube hands-down. As for my personal knowledge of video game history, I am a little light on the Sony side of things, especially the Vita era. Thanks again for the great content, and best of luck in grad school!
I ❤ 🐱's...and all Play Stations are bad...
I was in college when the PSN hack went down. This video just gave me flashbacks of how bad it was at the time
4th mistake: Sony failed to do everything Apple has done for the past 20 years.
I suggest to do Atari, but then agian. It could be predictable.
I also remembered the PS3 launch behind the counter at GameStop, but did you remember about half the preorders weren’t honored because Sony undershipped consoles? Employees were banned from buying one if they were preordered, so they just got Wii’s lol.
While we're on the subject of the Vita, I do not understand why so many people say the Vita was a good console.  Yes, it was really popular with homebrew, but only a small percentage of gamers are into homebrew.  Yes, it was a very powerful handheld for its time, but all that horsepower means nothing if your library of titles is practically non-existent.  In fact, all that power ended up being the Vita's downfall; on top of needing proprietary memory, it boasted that its specs were almost on par with then current home consoles.  The problem is that it made it too powerful for the majority of handheld developers to develop games for the system, as they just didn't have the budget to take full advantage of the hardware, but still not powerful enough to attract the big AAA developers who could afford to make games for the platform, but would stick to home consoles, both because they're more familiar with their architecture and devkits, and so they could squeeze out the extra horsepower those consoles provided.  When you take all of that into consideration, it's clear that the Vita was a failure on almost every fronts, and is a testament to how little Sony understood the market of the time.
NEC would be cool choice. Great work, Norm... As always!
Gaming Historian puts out a video on my Birthday.  Everything is coming up Millhouse!
Two things killed the Vita and they're both connected. The rear touchpad was a gimmick that should have never been included. The cost for the touchpad could have allowed them to have internal storage to at least store savegames and updates for those who chose to buy physical games. The second, of course, was the use of proprietary memory cards. If they had just used microSD things would have been entirely different. I remember being excited to get a PS Vita. Then they announced the use of proprietary memory, no internal storage, and the rear touch panel. I didn't get one.
Slight correction, Anonymous is not a hacker group. It's an identity. Anyone can be Anonymous.
Absolutely fantastic episode and top notch reporting. 👏🏼👏🏼I was riveted and found myself pausing to read the news articles as I didn’t really know much about these before. GREAT ORIGINAL CONTENT.
Finally! Finally moving on to the other legacy consoles. Good stuff
Proprietory memory is their biggest mistake for me. PSP is one of their best creations for me. So many great memories 😊
Wasn't the 3DS like $250 at launch before they cut the price later that year?
I would say an additional mistake, but not as big as the ones brought up, would be the ps4 not being backwards compatible. Idk if it was the software or not as both hardware used blu-ray.
I was working at GCHQ at the time of the psn hack, we all thought we'd have to go to Japan as consultants
This is why i jailbroke my vita.. I can use microsd cards because of it and I don't regret doing that. The vita is a great system... when you jailbreak it :3
I was getting my start in Network Security when this happened, it was a really big deal. Not just due to the outage incurred, but it caused alot of major financial institutes and enterprise level companies to rethink their Cyber-security standards and begin actively looking for vulnerabilities. It was actually really good wakeup call for all industries.
You're awesome!
cool voice also cool video.
Microsoft
Thanks, I learned some new info from this video! I would like to suggest Namco's or Bandai/Namco's Three Biggest Mistakes!
Great video as usual, bro.
Awesomeness video please do more like the history of wheel of fortune video games
Wow. Totally forgot about MemoryStick. I worked at Staples in the early 2000s, so it was a regular part of my daily life for 7 years. Hadn't thought about it in YEARS.
Sony has made several mistakes, yet mindless drones continue to buy their products.   I'm one of them  :/
Hey I would like a video on NEC. Great video as always.
Finally new content. Thanks bro. Much love from the Philippines
can you do a video about ouya
Ghostbusters 2016 has to be up there surely?
You now the PSN Hack is a yuuge deal when your mother is the first to tell you about it, and she's NOT even a gamer.
The only time that Sony disappointed me was with the Playstation mini!!!!
Fantastic content as usual. Keep up the amazing work!
Next video: Atari’s infinite mistakes
dude! i didnt even know that this was new!
I remember Knack 2 launched for free on the New Zealand/Australian store like a week earlier than its actual release and that's how I ended up getting a copy (which to this day I can play just fine).  That has to be another mistake considering they lost money there
Bruh I was looking up cheap PS3s on ebay yesterday lol
We love you, Norm!
Square Enix mistakes should be my request. Original FFXIV sucked.
Another great video Norm! Still blows me away how far you've come with your filmmaking.
4:38 "Game is based on japanese history"  *"SO HERE'S THIS GIANT ENEMY CRAB"*  LMAO
Do Atari!
Giant Enemy Crab, envelop The early years of the PS3! 🦀    The memes were hilarious.
Can't bellieve getRandom = 4 didn't make the list
These are the correct Top 3.  Another mistake was being unable to change your PSN ID for so long.  Not as bad as the 3 in the video, but still ridiculous.  Great video.
Excellent list. I was positive that the PS3 launch was going to be number 1... but then I forgot about the hacks. The hacks are the biggest reason to this day, why I buy everything online with gift cards. I lost all trust.
I recently got a PS VITA and i have to say i REALLY regret not buying it day one.... But man the memory cards are expensive to get... The games however, are amazing
proprietary stuff is so dumb. it's why I stay away from sony and apple stuff. oh you want to charge your device? you have to buy one of OUR overpriced cables to do it, instead of just a normal USB that powers everything else you own just fine!
I couldn't care less about rumble. I always disable it. All it does it drain battery, and annoy me. lol
All their biggest mistakes are copying Nintendo. Think about it every time they copy Nintendo they fail, like the Move, PlayStation All Stars, the PlayStation Classic, etc. Yet most of their own things are very successful, you'd think they'd learn not to copy Nintendo and just do they know works
Sony's problem always seems to be letting the suits make the creative decisions.
I wish Polyphony Digital release new Omega Boost game, that's one hell underrated game
Why-- No, how were people commenting before the video got uploaded? *confused screaming*
I have conflicting opinions on Sony's insistence on using Blu-ray instead of DVD for PS3 games. Doing it was quite damaging both to users' wallets and the PS3 itself, but, would Blu-ray be as popular as it is today had the PS3 used DVDs?
Great video! I've always been a PS user, but I have to admit Sony has failed big sometimes (esp. with the PSN hack). Most fans, however, tend to overlook this. BTW, I would add, as a minor flaw ("dishonorable mention"?), the touchpad on the Dualshock 4. It's a completely useless piece of cr*p!
Another reason why the early PS3s were expensive was the Western and JP versions had an extra CPU, the Emotion Engine, which was a proprietary CPU for the PS2. They would remove this in future PS3s with software backwards compatibility. However, those who bought the software-based compatibility versions would soon find out that there were some games that didn't work with the software-based backwards compatibility. The Director's Cut of Tales of Destiny had a anti-piracy in place that disallowed the game to be run on emulators. A certain chest that had a key item required to continue the game had a tile in front of the chest that would have no collision if the game was run on an emulator. This includes the software-based backwards compatible PS3s.
Get’em Gaming Historian!
The original Xbox have better online then what Nintendo currently has
I actually acquired a PS Vita that was on the perfect form where to be hacked.
Was the PSN hack really Sony's fault? Sure, their security system was messed up, but did they seriously have time to fix that? ;) Plus I think the PS1 startup sound should have made the top 3.
Funny how Sony is a mega successful mega corporation, but they've been on the losing end of almost every storage format battle. Betamax vs VHS, Mini Disc vs CD, memory stick vs SD, etc. Colossal failures that would bankrupt most companies.. but they just keep chugging along making a gazillion dollars a year in profits. I'm curious what would happen if they'd have given up early and run with the superior formats in each of these cases.
My mistake was not knowing of this massive hack until just a couple years ago. I had made a burner account at the time and looking back now, I was eligible for the free games and month of PSN. Should've taken advantage of it.
The days when Sony Music delivered rootkits with their audio CD's because of "copy protection"...
Proprietary yankers.
I remember my friend championing the PS Vita over the 3DS like a massive die hard before it came out, he even wrote a collage paper about it that was essentially a massive fluff piece,  then it came out and loved rubbing that expensive memory card in his face because he acted like such an ass and he had no choice but to eat some humble pie XD
A “year” of identity protection? The protection I got from Sony because of the PSN hack lasted until June of last year.
Microsoft will obviously have the Red Ring of Death, and the poor marketing on Xbox One. Atari's biggest one is causing the gaming crash of 1983.
I stopped watching halfway in because of that god awful background music.
The Sony Multitap?
Great episode! Would love Square Enix tackled someday. Spirits Within and FFXIV 1.0 are the two most obvious ones, but the third one would be an interesting choice.
"Pac-Man: He is essentially what he believes"....I don't understand what that means? Is it a koan?
I had a First Gen Phat Version it was the Limited Edition Uncharted Drake's Fortune Edition Bundle 160 GB man that was one of my Favorite Video Game systems i had a lot of Games on it! i bought a few Accessories with the System even the 24 inch PlayStation 3D TV if anyone Remembers that Accessory from Sony! the PlayStation 3 was my All time Favorite System of the 7th Generation would i go back to a PlayStation 3? maybe one day but i own an Xbox One S which I prefer slightly over the PlayStation 3 but i did own 3 Xbox 360's
Knowing Atari's history, they could easily get a top 20 list.
Sony's removal of Other OS was a direct response to Hotz' use of it to jailbreak the PS3 via Other OS. He did this in January 2010: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1072088 (Original, archived: https://web.archive.org/web/20100129040359/https://geohotps3.blogspot.com/2010/01/hello-hypervisor-im-geohot.html) Sony released firmware 3.21 in March 2010: https://blog.playstation.com/2010/03/28/ps3-firmware-v3-21-update/
Is after Sony Microsoft
*Atari's biggest mistakes:*  - E.T. for the 2600. 'Nuff Said. - The 5200 controllers. 'Nuff Said. - Focusing so much time/energy on their computers in the 1980s while all but ignoring game consoles. The 7800 could have done MUCH better if they actually put some effort into it...  No reason to even mention Lynx or Jaguar since Atari's 3 mistakes listed above essentially doomed the company.  *Microsoft's biggest mistakes:*  - The XB1 launch - Forgetting the OG XBOX even existed once the X360 premiered. (Just my opinion...) - The original case design for the X360 making it impossible to put the correct size heatsink on the GPU, which lead to the alarmingly high failure rate/RROD with that model
$Rowan89 thnx
Wait... am I just to young to know what NEC is?? I mean I'm older than 30... soooooo, should I know?
And this is just their video game related mistakes.
You should consider shortening your outro.
oh and to clarify, Anonymous did not hack sony. the truth is that it was done by an unknown party. Modern Vintage Gamer goes into detail about this but the common myth is that it was anonymous. The only problem is that anonymous hadn't been doing anything worthwhile long before the psn hack. In short... Annonymous was reduced to nothing but a boogieman at that point. Credit card theft on that scale is usually committed by crime rings.
You're starting to look like a Chad, and it's great.
Well it's only fair that you do Microsoft next
Sony memory cards were faster at reading and writing data and where better than SD cards.
Rumble IS a useless feature.
The PS3 sales were probably also hurt by the economic downturn and housing crash in 2007.
Wasn't DRM a huge mistake for the PS3 as well? Isn't that why they said no DRM in response to XBOX ONE?
I wish you had gone into more history about the homebrew portion of the ps3, especially about graf_chokolo. There's so much about that situation that most people have no idea about.
I absolutely love this episode. I didn't follow much about gaming during these post PS2 years for a number of reasons. You really filled a gap in my knowledge there. Great work as always!
The PS3 launch always reminds me of the comic PA put out when Jack Tretton claimed you couldn't find one on a shelf. https://www.penny-arcade.com/comic/2007/02/12
RIP vita, it had so much potential to be a true successor to the psp, but Sony fudged it up. Loved the psp, even with the shitty memory card, and I really loved the vita, played the heck out of gravity rush on it, but that was about it. Wish it would have taken off
The hacker known as anonymous.
didn't the ps3 not even ship with an hdmi cable?
Of all 3 mistakes, the one that caused irreparable harm is the proprietary memory used on PSP and PS Vita. (PSN recovered, and PS3 was a great console) Combined with game production costs and, cartridge costs, it drove the last nail in Vita's coffin, a shame since as said, it was a great System. Great Video Gaming Historian!
FIVE HUNDRED NINETY NINE U.S. DOLLARS
ooooh, do microsoft next!!
What I'm getting at is that these mistakes mainly coming from Sony being a little too overly ambitious for their own good  , nowadays I feel like they've certainly learn from those times.
Sony more like DONEY
At least Sony's biggest mistakes were all clustered in a few years of each other. It shows that they have learned from their screwups.
It's almost unthinkable nowadays to see that one could purchase both an Xbox 360 AND a Wii for only slightly more money than just a PS3. And even more unthinkable that it was actually a quite generous price, given they were selling at a loss...
I remember seeing people buying PS3s for really cheap during the hack, it was nuts. It's how some friends got a PS3 and MvC3 for around $300 at the time
One mistake that didn't make the list is their draconian censorship of third-party games. It hurts not only consumers, but also developers.
My daughter saw me watching this so I gave her an earbud. She asked me: "What are they talking about? Weeing on PlayStation?"
I remember getting a "killer deal" on a 1GB PSP memory card for only $100, what a steal!
I remember the hack and psn shutdown. The way Sony handled that situation was so mind-bogglingly terrible that my impression of them to this day is that they really hate their customers.
Bringing gaming consoles closer to PCs is always going to open the door to hackers, and consoles have no defense.
“The vita did eventually find its niche market (of lewd digital novels)”
Okay so you know how much are the same thing in the last few months back then it is a good thing that you can get in good condition
Rebooting Ghostbusters, that was Sony’s biggest mistake
I hope you do more videos soon... You are the only YouTuber I watch.
#4 PSVR
RiIiIiIdge Racerrrr!
Plz do contra game documentary  🙏 Rise nd fall of the series
Sony's one of my favorite brands in gaming.
I can’t wait to see Microsoft’s mistake
A series focused on the 3 biggest successes of Sega, Nintendo and so on would be really cool to see.
Socom was the biggest victim during the hack :'( It came out the day before.
I suppose a good "runner-up" mistake would be their famous Leap Year Bug, that obliterated all fat PS3 users' online capabilities for 24 hours thanks to old systems thinking 2010 was a leap year
Yay.
Awesome to see you're still giving us fans great content. Hope life is treating you well.
Selling the "fat" PS3 for loss for 4 years due to backwards compatibility that almost no one used.
A new gaming historian video. Are pig's flying?
I was expecting “paying for online”
This stuff feels like a PBS Show but dealing with topics I'm really _interested_ in. Always a treat when Gaming Historian uploads!
2:32 - Your comparison of memory card prices is flawed...The SD card was $24.99 regular price, not the $9.99 sale price (based on the ad you are showing), so the difference is much smaller than you are telling us. Only $5 difference instead of $20.
The Vita was incredible, and the reason I'll never buy another sony console. Sony is just a shitty company with a shitty reputation.
Sony's 4th biggest mistake...leaving Namco X Capcom as a Japan exclusive xD at least thats just my opinion
Thanks for always providing great content!
I clearly remember picking up my PS3 from circuit city, 60gb model for $783.22 with a extra controller ! 😂
Hello!
It's amazing how many PS consumers went through all of this shit and now it's as if nothing ever happened. People just continued to buy the PS4 and will buy the PS5.
Phil Harrison's track record: PS3 ->Xbone->Stadia. I bet he still gets paid millions and own a yacht or sth.  What a world. Executives man.. I tell ya, for every Steve Jobs you get a thousand Phil Harrisons who just seem to fail upwards.
#4 Censoring Anime games
Now I myself grew up on video games and have had almost every console and now I love Handhelds I have a PSP
Yes Sonys Biggest Mistake is, Copying Nintendo Gimmicks LOL
Clicked on the video before I even read the description. Love your videos man 👍🏼
I remember the PSN hack fondly lol. Thank god my account used PayPal. Still annoying and dumb. Take in account when you get your Xbox Live account stolen, Microsoft does a good job of trying to recover it for you and does a good job of validation. Hell with the info i provided them i was able to help thwart a stolen account Black market.
Sony's Big Mistakes: 1. Focusing on Graphics When Affordability and Casual-Friendliness Are Paramount in Handheld Gaming with the PlayStation Portable. 2. Sony's console engineers getting way too high off their egos and designing a convoluted and very expensive architecture for the PlayStation 3, making it 2nd and 3rd party developer unfriendly, and adding a blu-ray drive that made the system way too expensive ($599 launch price, ouch). 3. Abandoning and shuttering most of their second-party studios during the great studio die-off of the PS3 generation (from 2007 to 2011). Zipper Interactive (makers of SOCOM), Incognito Entertainment (Twisted Metal & Warhawk/Starhawk), Superbot Games (PlayStation All-Stars), LightBox Interactive (successor to Igcognito), Psygnosis/Sony Liverpool (Lemmings, Wipeout, Colony Wars, and G-Police), Sony Cambridge (Medievil 1 & 2), and even Sony's own internal development teams responsible for the Jumping Flash and Ape Escape games.
Just hearing you say Lair made me cringe. 😀😜😁
I'd be up for an Atari mistakes video. I feel like a Microsoft video should wait until the Xbox Series X has been out for a while.
Today is not only a new episode day, it's my first day of graduate school! I'll have more details soon, but for now, enjoy Sony's Three Biggest Mistakes! This was a fun episode to make, since it got me nostalgic for my college days, working at GameStop. Enjoy!
I love your content man, I usually put you on the TV because it's just like watching a show.
Next video: Microsoft’s three biggest mistakes:  3.) Duke Controller 2.) Xbox one reveal 1.) Red Ring of Death
Well well well we haven't seen you for a while, good to see you again Historian,  i really love you're detailed analysis of gaming history, keep up the great content :)
This is the only channel that I absolutely stop whatever I’m doing and watch new content. It makes my day. Rock on Norm! 🤘🏻
Ooooooo I have been waiting for a video about Sony’s mistakes. Eeeeee
Storage is not Memory  I hate normies
YES! I CANT WAIT FOR ATARI AND XBOX (microsoft) BIGGEST MISTAKES! amazing video norman!
Future companies to appear in the Three Biggest Mistakes series:  Microsoft Atari Bandai Namco Entertainment Capcom Konami Electronic Arts Square Enix Take-Two Activision Blizzard Valve Epic Games Ubisoft
Hello Mr Game Historian this is Isaiah Flagler from Sanford FL and I like your channel and your videos  But When are you going to make videos about Sports Videogames and Especially Boxing Videogames ????
Finally you uploaded yay
Gaming Historian is a Teletubby and love your work
Hell yeah another gaming historian vid.. good to see you Norm
I only use my ps3 to play ps1 games.
I wouldn't exactly consider the PS3 launch to be a mistake - it was a gamble that, in the long run, paid off. Blu-Ray became the defacto format for HD media and still is (especially now that the overcrowded streaming market is causing some people to reconsider the idea of owning physical media), and the hardware was quite ahead of its time.
"Riiidge Racer! Remember that one?"
The Playstation Network 2011 hack is almost 10 years old.
Pat the nes idiot , is trying to copy your video story telling  on game systems, funny cuz he was talking trash on how you do your vids and on the info you give , now he’s coping you 😂 his version is terrible! 🤣 GLAD GAMING HISTORIAN IS THE BEST IN HIS FEILD
The Playstation 3 had cell processor, blu ray drive and Playstation 2 hardware and Playstation 1 emulator
Support a man on Patreon who does 1 video every 2 months. Pathetic.
New gaming historian vid!!
The PSP Go was a "completely digital" version of the PSP eh? I never realized the PSP was analog. At all.
Sony doesn’t make many mistakes but at the same time they don’t take many risks so it makes sense.
Wow he got no views on this video  Edit: didn’t know it was posted 11 minutes ago
Great video my friend 🏆🏆🏆
I’ll bet Microsoft’s biggest mistakes involved the Xbox One
We've tackled Nintendo we've tackled Sega Heck we even looked at the Gaming Historian's mistakes
This was recommended to me almost right away
IT'S RIDGE RACER! RIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDGEEEEEEE RACEEEEEEEEEEEER!
Great video! I didn’t think that Sony made any big mistakes but was I wrong!
The Vita came out with a slim model with way less storage than the PSP Go!!!
unlike the Xbox, ps5 doesn't have backwards compatibility with existing controllers, and that's why I refused  to buy one or own one, if my main  70troller breaks, I cant use a ps4 or 3 controller but like Xbox, you can with your old ones and not fork over almost  70 bucks for one.  That's on big mistake they make which equals greediness.
Now we wait for Google's 1 big mistake.
This is boring. Who would care? I mean even gamers don't care about this.
sony is my favorite videogame company coz my first console was a ps3 i still have it now
*599 US Dollars* *So this game is based off of real Japanese History. So here's this giant enemy crab*  That 06 conference was the most embarassing thing I sat and watched as a kid.
The historian has returned
I remember buying a PSP with God of War, and replaying the same first levels countless times because I couldn't save my game. Not even a few megabytes were available to save my game! What a dick move. I barely had enough money to buy the PSP back then, now I had to spend a significant amount of more money for a proprietary sd card. It's still frustrating to remember, because otherwise the PSP was legendarily good for its time, I loved it. Still have my original one and it still (kinda) works.
My PS3 came with a copy of "Grown Ups" to show off Blu-Ray... ...I still buy DVDs.
My opinions on Sony's biggest mistakes:  3. PS3's launch (cost Sony millions) 2. Censorship policies (caused games from popular fan-service-related franchises to be delayed, like Senran Kagura, or to be censored, like Nekopara Vol. 1, which was not censored on the Switch; this caused consumers and developers to lose faith in Sony) 1. PSN hack (so many reasons, I'm at a loss for words)  I'm hoping to see a video on Atari's biggest mistakes in the near future.  My opinions on Atari's biggest mistakes:  3. Atari 5200's controller (with a non-centering joystick) 2. Atari Jaguar & CD add-on (some 64-bit console; it doesn't even surpass the 3DO power-wise; terrible out-of-the-box controller) 1. Pac-Man and E.T. for Atari 2600 (major catalysts for the video game crash of 1983)
So what, we gonna have a Microsoft 3 biggest mistakes
I love your videos! great quality, and I could listen to you read the manual to a VCR for hours, keep up the great work.
Microsoft’s infinite mistakes.
Sony may mistake on not putting the memory stick on the PSP. 😀👍🎮
ALRIGHT NEW GAMING HISTORIAN VID LETS GO
I expected to see the PSP GO and the PSTV. Two short lived devices that had literally no impact
Joe Biden android was their 4th biggest mistake
Hey man-- DAT and MiniDiscs were awesome. Betamax sucked, but so did VHS.
It still baffles me how the first PS3 had only 20GB of memory.
Iron your shirt
The memory cards definitely killed the Vita. Some of my friends would not pick it up simply because the cost of entry was way too high.
0:35 Or a Sony Ericsson phone. Good luck trying to find an M2 card for yours or the PSP GO.
Keep up the great research. I always look forward to Gaming Historian!
A great episode as usual Norman! How about an episode on the Nintendo PlayStation?
I remember someone trying to argue that the PS Vita using proprietary memory was somehow over the 3DS like ?????
A new video!
Will snk come again?
Snk story plzzz
Wowowowowowwww!! Look who's back!!! :D
Nintendo Mistakes: 1: Sony and Nintendo collaboration  2: Nintendo not sticking with disks 3: Virtual Boy  Sega Mistakes: 1: Sega Saturn Suprise Launch  2: Sega/Sony project  3: 32x add-on
hi, i love your  channel dude, do your best mate , and live long
Aw yeah  A good video to enjoy lunch with
Glad to see you back! BOOM!
42nd
Mom how is there 0 views but 40 comments
Love your videos man so glad to see them when they get uploaded
the PS3, the PSVita, and the PSVita
You know what the OG PlayStation 3 would have cost.
you don't upload much, but when you do, they are bangers!
Sweet!
Sony is good but they will never be the best game company, they almost never take risk, just doing what's already established
i watched the whole vid all ready on 128 speed
You deserve a million subs hun ❤️
Hello
Can you maybe do Atari next?
Alright, a new gaming historian. Love it.
Another video! Always look forward to these! Thanks Gaming Historian
Liked before watching. Thank you for your content sir!
It's been awhile since we got a video.  Glad to see you back.
Woohoo!
"No Views"  Neat.
Yay just what I need to put off work :)
Let’s get it
PS Vita memory cards that you had to take out a second mortgage to buy
*immediate click*
Hi
Can’t wait for the 3 part episode detailing Microsoft’s 12 biggest mistakes.
woow
Insta-like before I actually watch it.
epic
I thought the title said Sega lol
<3
“To The Early Squad That’s reading this”  Sending Virtual hugs to anyone who needs it! Stay safe everyone and stay positive 🌯  My dream is to hit 10k,Just Trying To Make My Mom Proud!
