Subscribe, or Minecraft goes back to 1.16
0:20
What is your sisters insta😅✌️🥺
I just writ on me hand
I didn't know that waterlogging dripstones stops damage until yesterday. in other words, the 11th of March, or waiting for 1.19.4 to release fully, then 1.20
I did Dreams impossible boat clutch
I only played like 1.18 and 1.19 and 1.20 and more updates of Minecraft.
The powdered snow strat is cool with using it for climbing and yeh players getting lost wondering around for ages
My favourite part was the you know the smooth quart stair's glow in the cave's to find the way out I think that's what it was But That's my favourite!
did you see the Double Life SMP dripstone final death. - Ren and his soulmate BigB died when Grian dropped dripstone on Ren's head
new lava cauldrons? nah they were in 1.15
This works
The drip leaf is now the drip leaf
an fri*kin youtube grandma now?!
Ok so I heard you say that if you wear  the lether boots you will sink in to the powdered snow, Just to correct you if you DON'T wear the lether boots you will sink in, but if you DO wear them it will prevent you from sinking because in survival mode if you sink into the powder snow you will die, so the lether boots help you so you DON'T die.
Subscribe to skip the tutorial
Since 1.19 you don't even need a hoe to instal mine the mose. You can just do it bare handed now
Cool!
This video is the best
Hyped for the bundle item… oh wait
I did it
So the main thing we know now is "Moss is your best friend in Minecraft!☝️".
Mhmmm sis has big bonkers
4:30 Another Manhunt trap idea for Dream? Pog
3:30 Useless if you want to keep and use the deepslate. But nice if it's to just get ride of blocks.
2:10 Could this be the new craziest manhunt clutch for Dream? :O
0:28 why is he always pillaring with raw iron blocks
Sister reveal 🤨
Yeaaah, I love bundles!
Skip, I subbed.
0:19 who asked LOL
I still sees geminitays survival world in your videos hahhaa
Ur sister cute
Can number 19 be used for a villager gate
New Title: 20 uses for moss!
Exactly 1 year old
Gietijzeren beroepsfout hieruit Titus Titus Titus Titus highlight uit dit cut Guy er fout tussen
If you put a cauldron filled with the lava and put it on a honey block they can't use a fire emotion
I'm watching this video a year later and it's still useful.
0:21 "It's free, mended outside of top."
On da first hack of powder snow I love how on da screen when da powdered snow bucket put it in da wrong spot it sad " Give that back " That was funny
For the dripstone end portal trap you can use a snow golem or any mob to go through to take the damage for you
One way door? just use an iron door...
Number 1: Use Moss.
aight who makes ur captions because they need a bit of spelling lesson
Yeah that u can normally just use a pick but how r u supposed to get stone
Stonemeal
You can actually make a Army of mini candle soldiers
7:46 Dream:Hehehe
fire resistance potions dont work in the nether.dough keep up the good content.
Moss is so usefull
if i will ride on llama or donkey, i don,t wear armor bcoz only horse can be armored.
🪱
"leaf the rest to you" hahaha!!! I like puns
Webos jfjdkwbenckf eieuehfhfkwueienfncnggu
9:30 BEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAANNNNNZZZZZZZ
RIP bundle.
5:39 don't use
Bruh,red stone is easyyyyyyyyyy
dam whats ur sis @
for the moss block one you dont get the stone/deepslate so its not useful for gathering cobble
fix your captions
Gosh dayum  his sister packin
Hi
It's 1.18
Thanks for the sister reveal
For the night vision thing, it's pretty easy to install the Fullbright texture pack which gives you permanent. I know I'll be doing it.  night vision
damn! she looks so pretty
Uunh
Skip:Subscribe using jaw Habsburgs:you underestimate my power
oh
Idk why but every time he says according to ____________ no one has subscribe using their __________ I always do it
i love how he said  deep- slate
Wow 200k likes 🤗🙃
NOOOO
Ender pearl > lava trap      HA now it’s not escape proof
I like your puns
I legitimately hope the crafting recipe for Bundles are changed in 1.19.  You are NOT going to get me to hurt bunnies in this game.  It's not happening.
Thanks for ideas for Minecraft hardcore
his sister though
The micelium resistance is not happy with number 18
2:46
Your sister is very attractive
wait yoooo purple prison!!
8:36  normal people: bring a million torches with them pros: night vision potion skip: night vision arrows me: optifine night vision texture pack😎
Well I try to save minecrafts old traditions,so this is useless to me.
R       For English
It says ' beans'  lol
6:19 leaf*
beans 9:29
I DID IT, I DID IIIIIIIJ
has anybody else subscribed by throwing a 2 pound carrot at your pc?
Thanks again
nice vid ! :DDDDDDDDD
6.9 mil views. Noice
How do you stop spiders from climbing I died while building
Skip and Rays Works- *make OP farms using tons and tons and tons of Redstone* Me, messing up a simple mob farm- These farms are so easy to build!
artillery
Jokes on you, i can subscribe using BOTH of my chins
bro whats the youtube grandma
yeah,yeah but your sister doe
Did You know that u can also use candles to make miniature mobs (sorta)
That was my favorit gras tho 🥲
why does everyone like lushier grass blocks does no one likes olived grass?
L
O
L
3:20 but what if you need the blocks that Arent moss?
8:59
9:30 *beans*
That hoe trick is going to save me a ton of mining time when I need a big area cleared out deep down below.
If only the hermits had moss when they transformed the shopping district to grass in hermitcraft season 7
Help I don’t understand redstone
YOOO SISTER REVEAL
Hi
I evade serverspiders by doing the “bedrock bridge” but on solid ground you go insane and the climb slows it until it’s blinded by the sun
I have an idea for the dripleaf, place the dripleaf and leave a gap above so when you throw an item it falls and you can pick it up, so as long as your friend is a new player, then your base is protected.
3:49 i actually kind of like the way the grass and leaves look in desert biomes
I think the YouTube grandma is right
Yo do you want a brother in law?
At the end i think he tried to end the video like Ssundee does
Stonemeal
Your sister is literally 10/10
Zzzzzzzzzzzzz
Bonus tip for #16. Use a multishot crossbow; aim at a block above you, jump into the block to get 3x the effect. This also works for healing and other arrow types.
Ur sis is beautiful
thanks for the tips 😁
Pokémon XY music 🙂
BEANS
Congrats to everyone who has found this comment ♡♡
jhh
Bo digga dūc en kickdown Blackdown sus
Another fun fact about moss carpet and lava is that in Bedrock Edition, the slab over lava x-ray trick doesn’t work. But by going under a moss carpet on the surface of the lava, you can see under the lava.
Do you use vidiq
Use villager Fletcher and it sell night vision arrows and use it I did that
Excellent video
1.18 swings around and i still didnt know about the dripstone falling entity, it makes sense like faling sand but i never tried it
Is for a month the cave cliff
Is your mom as attractive as your sister? ಠ◡ಠ
Beans
idk if you talked about it in another video but with the tipped arrows its pretty handy to use the potions in a caldrun you can tip a stack of arrows with 3 potions worth that way
:(
7:10
9:30 like the that part Sign: beans Him: why did I make this
Your sister is so pretty!! :D
your sister is awooga
LMAO purple prison
i like burger king french fries
heh
First challange that I cannot do! Curse my beard!
2:29 It gets better: Fire Res doesn't actually work in Lava Cauldrons
I wish the wild update would come out already
Ayo🙄
ur sister was the best part
COOL!!!!!
You have such a beautiful sister😍❤
sister kinda bad tho ngl
now it's 1.18 timmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
bundle is still in minecraft java edition 1.18
Uhhh
Bundles aren't in the game, and that's also not how they are going to work
Bundles aren't in the game, and that's also not how they are going to work
What are the working commands for bundles, debug sticks and invisible item frame?
nice features
If I did your subscribe challenges I would be unsubscribing. Maybe I can try the like button instead
2:14 what if they have pickaxe
Wat
"Use night vision" *me using fullbright*
this is just the moss appreciation video
Just break the couldren
I chinned the sub
Ur sister is so beautiful! also good video
Your sister is a babe
@Skip the Tutorial Why does your sister look identical to my ex
shulker box inside bundle in shulker box in bundle = infinite storage
Beans why did I make this😂
YOU HAVE A SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hackers
2:31 they can't get out so the potion will wear out
Just use a ladder 5:00
I did it😆
2:28 fact: lava cauldrons do damage to players *with* fire resistance and lava resistant mobs also dies in lava cauldron. Works in bedrock idk about java
Or vanilla tweaks lush grass
Can use end rods for doors instead of lightning rods
I don’t know many people who know this but I’ll say it anyway  If you have a conduit, and a strip mine or any mining place in range of that conduit, you can pour water on yourself and the effect from the conduit can give you haste for 11 seconds. Pretty cool!
sister revealllllllllll
Skip giving me ptsd of the Mycelium war
g r a n t e d
Amazing how cake need 9 peices of iron to make
Ah, empires smp would love a cake staircase 🎂
The end portal one with drip stone love it I did it in my friends man hunt i was the hunter and I did this and the hunters won
ur sister showing some of her body hope youtube wont be like: oh you showed too much body delete that video!! cuz yall know how weird yt judges can be
Hi there
Face reveal
10:10 Bamboo? Could you tell me where to find it??? I'm on 1.16.5 and needed that. I need a wall that block mobs but allow player to go through like that.
Minecraft red stone users are literally so smart like wtf
0:19 legends seeing something else
Dream will definitely use that first trick
for night vision.. ? shulker no ?
Your sister face reveal 🤩🤩🤩and your ?
Using a massive cleavage to gain our attention
Damn we learn more from this guy
Bundle item ;(
As always, wonderful video!
That dripstone launcher could be used to make a cool obstacle course. Run though while being shot at by those placed at various heights, with some drip leaf jumps over pits of dripstone.
Hiii
but what if you turn diamonds into moss with this "trick" ?
Ah yes my natural habitat underground
8:59 Gamma 100 xDD
What other peoples see :*Caves & Cliffs Update* What i see :*Caves Update*
Fdgd Diego
3:14 This is such a weird and illogical feature that you can turn stone blocks into moss with bone meal. Wouldn't it be more logical if the moss blocks grow on top of the stone blocks, like tall grass grows on grass blocks, or if stone/cobblestone turn into mossy stone/cobblestone? How does the entire stone block just vanish inside the moss blocks that replace it?  Also why does a composter even give you "bone meal" that can be turned into white dye etc.? Wouldn't it be more logical if the composter gave you a separate "fertilizer" item that works the same way on plants as bonemeal but looks different?
Fun fact the lava cauldron can only be done in bedrock
For the end portal stalactite trap just throw an item In first it will load the end an it will fall without you there
❤❤❤
I tried bone-mealing the sub button with my dead dogs bones but it didnt work. Should I use my granpa's bones instead??
Hey Skip, is the lava farm able to still be active when you’re AFK?
if you think about it... 1.17 - Cave Update 1.18 - Cliff Update
what mine craft is that please 🥺🥺🥺
Please give shout out bro      I am your big fan
I made an drowned farm but in survival its hard to build so ill upgrade it
Wow
2:24 people who carry bucket: You have no power here
is it certain that you are not just copying others? I have seen similar
10:47 that rhymed good
GeminiTay’s 1.15 world!
🥳
🥳🥳🥳🥳
Ya
Wait, what're you talking about with the extra stray loot?? The only difference is slowness arrows, not anything major...
To bad bundles got cancelled
No one: StT: Everyone loves a good trap 7:30
1:08 any amount of weight
Why Did I Make This                                      beans
What happens if you moss bedrock
I subed
8:48 just imagine shooting from bow that have power 5 enchantment on it.
I have 1.17 minecraft but in my phone
You could put this command in /haste @s 99999 250
I want to marry his sister what’s the @ 👀
Ok
A
How does minecraft go back updates?
At the 3rd live hack you don't have to break it you only need to drop a block on it then it will fall down and you can past simple
U downloaded gems survival series world 😊😁
What is the website link for the bundle hack
Was that ur girl friend or a friend that’s a girl
3:46 what?
"bonemeal that sub button" get out of my dirty mind...
Beans
Me MCPE player we have had lava cauldrons for 1000000000000 years
beans
*everyone's calling him out and im just here trying to learn*
J
SImple Hacks! #1. X-Ray
I can’t get the bundle
waiting for face reveal
M O S S
Damn your sister fine
Skip: need bonemeal Also skip: *uses bonemeal on the moss to get bonemeal*
0:13 The youtuber grammar?
my redstone know - hows are worse than the baddest person with redstone. i can only make a door with break a block place a block aproach
Imagine doing this dripstone trap in a dream manhunt
I did it lol
I can’t press the subscribe button because one I’m already subscribed 2 I have a iPad with a computer case
8:50 yea sure you can do that but just get fulbright on lunar
ya sister peng
Let's be honest here, the only reason they made powdered snow was to make sure that leather doesn't go unused.
Another Biome that isn't effected by weather change is the Savannah.
I found 3 veins of diamond even before finding iron
love the way how he said mash your on that red sub button
Just use moss carpet to bridge it won’t burn like wood
2:24.    And the fire resistant potion won't work!!!
your sister is so beautiful
new subscriber
ayo sister ???
beans
E
I NEED THE TUTORIAL FOR THE DRIPSTONE CANNON
in bedrok edition you could always put lava in a couldren
While you are in the cauldron with lava, couldn’t you just break it and get out of the trap easily?
Hihihi
A shout out
I first was thinking that she might be someone yo know but then I read the corner sentence  *Sister reveal* 😆
Did i see beanz
Skip The Tutorial: Use Moss Block Instead Of Grass Me: Change All Grass Color To Jungle Grass Color
next update maybe 1.20 will be unlit torches that cam be lit with flint and steel or sticks
I did it with my lips🤣😂
M
ty
A lot your lists repeat... only noticing cause been binge watching you lol
where are the scripts-?
Fun thing I noticed about moss blocks that wasn't mentioned in the video, is that they don't work on ores (which has probably been mentioned) and infested blocks. So if you are going around spreading bone meal on moss for some quick mining, and a stone block doesn't transform? That's a silverfish waiting on you to make the wrong move. But once you know, it's easy to get the drop on them or just mine around them and save yourself the hassle.
The ripe book arthroscopically whip because kohlrabi semiannually groan following a  freezing zephyr. worried, hypnotic philosophy
night vision potion arrows? we have bundles
I don't have minecraft java I only have It in my phone:(
Thanks skip, you really inspired me and I mean that 😄
wdym new lava cauldron us bedrock users had it before u
I'm stuck on PE until I get a new rig. This is still gonna help greatly.
#16 to get light easily everywhere the most simple is to keep a torch in left hand and use dynamic lightning.
Love this video
Okay but is no one gonna talk about how beatiful his sister is? Like i wish i was her:(
I did  it
Do mario content again bro
/give @s glow_item_frame(EntityTag:(invisible:1)
Comment if you heard back ground music, because I did. :,]
THe hunters in Dream manhunt: Write 7:32 down Dream: Oh no gotta stop them watching these vids
A skeleton farm into 'straysparm'
Ty
0:17 he doesnt know im on pc;)
Doesn't all work on bedrock..
Once I made a sorting system in minecraft it used water. But I was in the nether
ok
,skek
Great clutch
that 1.17 if seen from a bit away looks like 1.11 not just me right?
Ah yes I Should totally build by stone castle out of snow instead
ur sister got some milkys
Actually the greatest thing you just showed me was that copper could be used to transmit signals. Seems obvious if you think about but I don't think so yeah.
i saw beans
You can die in snow
Why did i watch this when my 1.17 doesn't even work... :(
don't mind me, just writing down the command for copying+pasting  /give @s glow_item_frame{EntityTag:{Invisible:1}
1:24 it's not really a one way door if you threw a block on it it go down. :) 👍
2:40 one time my sister was playing minecraft survival on our ipad and a stray just walked up to her and did nothing
The ending one was basically a ballista turret
God bless everybody
9:52 Uh oh, the turf wars happening again
0:18
Skip: Giving them a fresh starter KIT! Voice crack 1:48
9:29   B E A N S
Stop asking for subs.
5:23
Him: the new lava cauldron   Bedrock players: bruh
every normal MC person: so many good builds with moss  ME: YES MY WARRIOR CATS BUILD HAVE REAL MOSS AND NOT CARPET NOW
/give @s glow_item_frame{EntityTag:{Invisible:1}}
"with even more gradiants of stone" CINCE WHEN WAS GRAVEL A STONE
Why do people dislike this videos lol
5:38
Yes I will definitely remember to bring 2 bucks of snow and not my sword and shield and armor
"instead of pulling you're hair of do th-" *Is already bald* Sorry what were u saying? :3
Jhfjdgd
8:30 there is an easier way to skip this tip:  If you go to the .minecraft file, and get to a notepad thingy called “options” there will be this setting called “gamma” make it be 100.0 instead of 1.0 and you get perma night vision
candles can also be used to be like shampoos or lotions!
Binod
god bless all who now use a powder snow bucket for MLGs
Can we do in bedrock
Dang, skips sister looking fine
the only thing i learned from this video is if you have a problem poor moss on it
1:08 you should do crouch cuz you can do that with that thing
0:19
“Lava cauldrons are new” me a pocket edition player: pfffft new
SUS
“Turning stone generators in to bonemeal farms... *we’re* not quite there yet, but the concept is there....”  I think you meant to say... “I couldn’t find other people’s designs to show this in full and all I’ve seen is glimpses of functioning farms but no tutorials to show me how to make it myself, so I have nothing, because all I do is repackage other people’s ideas”.
Fun fact fire res positions don't work on lava coldrens
oh yeah you forget powdered snow work at nether
Hermits should use the drip-leaf crawl space for tegg
Me with minecraft 1.14: iinterestinggg
“The candle is the most popular feature of the caves and cliffs part 1”  Me: your saying that for all Versions? Because on  pocket addition You had to wait until caves and cliffs part 2
._.
dream needs to try the falling stalag tights thing in his minecraft manhunt
20 simple hacks for 1.17 minecraft update - #1 install a hacked client, Bam there you go you get a hack for minecraft 1.17
3:23 Serious dedication
0:19  Is that your girl friend?? 😏
I am leaning so much from this, at this point it's not even simple hacks it's just stuff I didn't know you could do
Hey Skip the tutorial said that I should not know the stuff denisdaily already showed me that when you bum your boss and gets away Rock
naniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
beans
You made that sign for me
People in Bedrock:    :|
Minecraft tip: if you get a sign any sign and you wright on it click it with dye example blue it will change the text to the colour and if you click on it with a ink sack or a glow ink sack you have a really cool sign!
Minecraft Tip:if you get a cauldron and fill it with water and put any dye in for example green then it will dye the water and if you click on it with leather armor it will dye the armor it only works on leather though
i did it :DDDDDDDDD
I had sub to you for a year noww
M O S S
You can’t pack more than 1 single stack item in bundles tho.
9:29 raw iron block=beans
3:13 Actually the Moss Block is made out of stone with moss layer not fully moss block but *lets just don't tell mojang to fix it*
It didn’t work🥺
/give @s glow_item_frame{EntityTag:{Invisible:1}} is the command for invis fram thing
9:53 pretty sure a war started over something like that
Red beans
/give @s glow_item_frame(Entitytag:(invisible:1))
beans
i am so sad i don't have 3d mincraft play paper mincraft pls plz plz pls
I’m a bedrock player so I’ve always had lava cauldrons  Java was late to the party  Btw Java-Lava? 🤷
8:40 or but just listen go to your minecraft folder go to the setting turn gamma to 1000.0 and you don't need to do anything else you world will always be bright
7:09
I bet that nobody has ever subscribed to this channel with their thumb and big toe at the same time
Best talk about YouTuber I know
Instead of using night vision arrows download optifine and full bright and they are both free :)
I made a protected house with powered snow on the outside and on the inside there is normal blocks 👁👄👁
Hi
9:28 me and the boys at 3 am lookin for beans
2:41 stray sparm
I LOVE GRACE WANG MWAH, no one comes close
I eat Y7 joon
nice these look quite good
Brug
(8:34) he just found the rarest ore !
fun fact: if this video is played in 75% or 0.75 playbackspeed he sounds normal
Thx
10:08 #19 mouse in baked beans
First time seing a yt play purple prison, I quit coz the pay to win is CRAZY
-160 118 456 -66 118
-4 95 173
Ah yes stone plus water bucket equal infinity bone meal I see
this video makes me want to play minecraft lol
bundles cant hold multiple aarmor pieces. they can only hold either 1 unstackable item or 64 stackable items.
10:33 dripstone works to in bedrock
8:59 to be exact 1 hour and 4 minutes c:
Number 11 makes no sense
No one else noticed how in the beginning and in other parts of the vid he was randomly in geminitays world lol
Sad that im windows 11, idk if they release minecraft for windows 11
But how do you use the stone Bone meal generator when lush caves Still Arent out and u have no way to get lush Leaves and stuff like that in survival
Like 7 of the 20 hacks was "bone meal moss blocks" 😭😅
Waiting for you to talk about the infinite potion generator using dripstone and couldron
Dreams boutta use that stalagtite through the elder portal strat
Me totally not using these im my minecraft survival world
2:08 Lava cauldron act like regular lava Literally every mob that’s fire proof: no
10:48 fyi that's an orbital arrow ender dragon farm
2:24 seems smart but most people have a water bucket on them
2:28 Fire res. potions don't actually make you invincible to lava in cauldrons (Last time i checked), so they're done for.
1:52 I bet that took you a couple tries.
3:13
Oh cool so like bhop, fly, killaura, stuff like that?
Honey + Orange Juice = D E A T H
Can’t wait until 2022 where dream escapes by pillaring with powdered snow
Powder snow + honey block = infinite death farm for mobs
Just kidding ☺
Bachi Tait ha
Hello
Stone generator to bone generator! 🤣
0:20 No one: The subtitle: Master John that red sub button below
Why would you use night vision If you could use fullbright?
You also could change your Gamma in the .minecraft Options so you never need a torch again
hi
Have the bundles come out yet?
Lol
i wish it did go back to 1.16 , im really not enjoying the new stuff
7:35 Can't wait to see dream using it in a manhunt
5:39
Beans
O
I love deepalate tiles for more realistic roofs and I loves Blackstone because when I came out I've been waiting for years.
Me after watching the video SOROUND THE BASE IN CATS
you can just break the lava cauldron..?
Watch this video at 2x speed without sound
Cool
XD 1:00
Did u know that u only need a pick axe and hoe to play minecraft
sometimes ur talking about 1.18
I actually like the dessert grass and leaves :(( desert barely gets credit
The windy nerve phenomenologically clear because sandra grossly blush astride a busy climb. filthy, invincible wolf
Bro. Potions in bundles.
That honey lava trap is pure evil.
Eeeee
Plot twist for Youtube Grandma: I'm On a laptop
I've been working on a server for 2 years and I'm struggling to implement a loot system for different difficulties of dungeons using command blocks loot being based on difficulty and chance rpg style
9:29 beans
omg thx!
The candles make me wanna make them float Hogwarts style
There’s someone had to do it
I can’t make the snail in bedrock
0:14  **hits monitor agressivley wwith head**  Dam, youtube gramma was right...... ouwch
i bonemealed the sub button, and it grew into a warden. im ded.
By far the last one is my favorite
I remembered when they added deepslate and it was called grimstone
I will not be surprised if dream used dripstone in an attempt to kill the bois…
3:50 Am I the only person in earth who doesn’t give a sh** about the color of desert grass blocks  Because really, it seems fine to mr
Who in their right mind would change the mushroom island?
Poggers for God..,,
I unsubscribe every time and resub just for the challenges with chins and noses lol
When you started to make the mooshroom island greener, I got flashbacks to Hermitcraft season 7 during the turf war.
At 1:28 I was playing my name is sexadict
I think to your sister could use some extra clothes
gonna need another sister reveal…
dont worry it wont hes just getting u 2 sub
tiddy
Jesus Christ is king 🙏❤️
The Lava cauldrons were already in Bedrock edition. To Java players, it’s new with the update.
F this guy he is the reason that  minecraft removed strays 100 percent chance to drop a wither skull if its killed by a charged creeper. Btw bedrock cannot make a wither skeleton farm while java has 100 useful farms and glitches that bedrock does not have
I did the “turn the mushroom island onto a lush green island”
and if you fall you can mlg with it
Easier bonemeal farm is the cactus farm
Why are bundles in Java addition but not in Bedrock edition?
About the lava cauldron trap: I always have one peice with fire protection 4 so that I don't die, so as long as I have durability and food, I won't die in lava  Edit: I also always have a pickaxe
I don't like night vision potions because those blue things fly around you and make me see-sick.
I hate caves
I only play Peaceful crearive mode
Jesus loves whoever reads this =D
You always give the most ClICkBA8 Videos LOOOOOOL!!!
SB737
Servers make a starter kit for pvp games that are for like 2000 minecoins and as a troll give them full leather and a pickaxe to fight with
0:43 next dream play
Instead of using moss to change a mycelium biome just vote Scar for mayor.
sasasaasaaasssx
9:29 he needs some beans
I learned so many things that I forgot all of it and I have to rewatch the video and write this down
Sister reveal!
9:29 beans
123
Are candles on ipad?
Anyone have a idea how to make the mine enter with a trap?
8:52 what if we have infinity 😂😅
The unused talk adventitiously delight because colt phytogeographically steer before a towering ex-husband. taboo,  five peony
2:30 it doesn't work with cauldrons..
I will report for hacking be careful.
Yo rlly soryy but your sis got mommy milkers
8:37 just change your gamma in the file commands from 1.0 to 100.0 and you will always have night vision(only java edition)
In bedrock enition stary + charged creeper explosion = wither skull
Sorry bro I have too much beard to sub
Me when the name for the new update was decided: Yay! Caves and clits!
8:47 what does this have to do with 1.17
The give command for the bundle doesn't work on bedrock edition
wow there a debris tree :))))))))))))))))))))))
ok but what about beans?
Just break the cauldron ...
Try and blast the stray with charged creeper it will drop wither skulls
nice, geminitay world again!
Fact:Stray gives us wither skeleton skull
Omg tyyysssm
8:52 put night vision potions in a bundle
8:40 I know only dedicated minecraft survival players will do this but if you start your minecraft world on 19w13b and get master fletchers they could have a 5 arrows and 1 emeralds for 5 night vision arrows trade (same for any other tipped arrow INCLUDING luck :D) then you can update your world and ez source of night vision arrows
0:18 skip CHALLENGE ECCEPTED   Edit: I did it
Hi
Tú Anh ơi
How is lave couldrean is new it was in 1.16 and I thing in 1.15 also
You can kill ender dragon with stalactites
Wow, ur sister hadnt subbed until now?
Alternative title:why moss is the BEST block to be ever added (Like dude I get how useful they but you talked about them more than anything else in the video)
Saw this on tiktok
here is how you make the dripstone cannon 11:01
I’m
beans
Another pro of using strays instead of skeletons:  In bedrock edition it drops wither skeleton skull if exploded with charged creeper
-4:57
with the lava cauldron you could litterally break the cauldron
I subscribed with my ch-🤣-in
instead of using arrows use bundles
You can also use candles as ketchup and mustard bottles
givuivyi
"NOW WITH THE HELP OF THE GIVE COMMAND YOU CAN GET BUNDLES" people watching that play bedrock: am i a joke to you
I subscribed with my forehead 😎
Fun Fact:microsoft sttore minecraft = bedrock even if ur on computer
How to download 1.17😞
Will this work in java
Honey block + Lava in a cauldron = God
Ya sister making me act up😆😆
I SUBSCRIBED
Not in a rude way.. But your videos are boring and too long ngl. Tho big fan
Why do I not have candles😭
I dont have the new version
How can i download this Minecraft Can anyone send me the link 😁😁
If only you could crawl in bedrock 😢
Great video but i keep crying over how cute the snail is
2:46 bro wtf else is there other than slowness arrows (in the good version of minecraft of course)
Me when caves and cliffs update comes in: uhh... tbh, i’m still scared of caves -w-‘
6:10 only for pc players
I did it
9:53 the mycelium resistance wants to know your location
Sus sister
Sad we don’t have candles on bedrock
Bro his sister is so pretty
what are you doing step sis
When my Bedrock Edition doesn't have candles: 👁️💧👄💧👁️
What scares me the most is that his sister hadn't yet subscribed until then.
Rob
Just wishing us console players had candles
Bonemeal the stone...woah!
Like no ome talks about how preety hsi sister is no offence tho i m jsut saying🤣🤣
2:17 thant not gonna work like that when you have literal God armor plus 5 totem of undyings and at least 1 stack of enchanted golden apples
8:54 Like drugs? I'm in
0:19 "Master John"(Mash Your Jaw)
I did it omg i'm not lying!!!!
Uau, moss carpet is espectacular. Can put them in to the lava block (not refere magma bock)? Thanks for help.
Evrything looks cool
well lookee here, it’s the guy who never clickbaits
i did it i did the subscribe challenge
the youtube grandma
9:32 This is My post!!!
R u from alabama?
I learned this from the update
subscribe   roblox   breaker
Lol some of these are quite helpful and some of them seem like such work to get to work I don’t understand why you wouldn’t just do simple things like use torches to mark the entire tunnel and a map?
Nice vid, but who's this YouTube grandma character??
𝒲𝒽𝒶𝓉𝓉
8:43 “potions don’t stack”…… THERE IS BUNDLES FOR THAT REASON!!!
Beans
Cool video keep up the hack vids I love them. =)
Wdym stone and water dosen’t make bone meal
0:33 you could have used the vine
tip: you can take 64 potion in a bundle! 8:45
Beans
fire res doesnt work in lava cauldrons, at least in bedrock they dont
Bedrock doesn't have candles :(
I did a simple stray killer with cobblestone. Very effictive.
Using night vision arrows to see in the dark me with night vision texture 🤣🤣🤣🤣
“The new Lava cauldron” Also me, a bedrock player: Yes
Plzz make q video on how to collect corals in this version😭😭😭
🇭 🇪 🇾  🇲 🇦 🇳
00:18
/give @s glow_item_frame{EntityTag:{Invisable:1}} Your Welcome
20 hacks for minecraft : number 1- noclip
1:29 "These kits" you mean the gboxes that they give out in Mineplex Survival?
Candles still ain't in bedrock tho
Love how random the thumbnail is 😂
anyone notice how he usually always uses geminitay's worlds? 😂
7:46 dream has joined the chat
did you try these hacks?
:Making your Minecraft builds realistically is hard”  Me, a builder:  PATHETIC
you should reach out to georgenotfound for the stalagtite trap in the end portal
Is it weird if I always do the sub challenge lol
20 simple minecraft hacks: killaura, scaffold, reach...... LOL
ur sister lowkeyy tho
You know that fire res dont work with lava cauldron
to make the arrows way cheaper use a cauldron fill with the potion of choice and right click it with your arrows
Bundles can't hold more than one non-stackable item. So.... there's still no way of using it as intended in vanilla
Sister kreygasm
0:19 is sis reveal
You can even kill the wither with pointed dripstone. People in Hermitcraft did.
2:21 Even if you have a fire resistance potion, the lava will still hurt you in the cauldron. That could kill anyone that doesn't think to break the cauldron potion or not.
I use phone,so some of the updates in the caves&clifts item are not in the game yet😪 specially the candle
Are the candles not in bedrock atm?
The harsh lead acutely answer because semicolon cytologically dance after a numerous tortoise. distinct, well-groomed dress
:D
*Wow*
Where is kill aura hack?
ohh nice now i know how thanks
I pressed the like button using my nose with the swiched phone
powdered snow is really cool, finally something similar to a water mlg in the nether!
Does this guy ever play the game I love his  boxes
Ookok
*no one has said it ⏳⏳*   sus
and bones to make a real farm with bone meal
put axolotl in a river
you can get an infinite food farm
do an axolotl farm
i was just chilling with my friend, watching youtube on the tv, then my friend sees the thumbnail and says: "wow that's true!"
azalea wood, azalea wood, azalea wood, azalea wood, we want it MOJANG!, azalea wood
The flawless half-brother aboaly crush because bathroom undesirably occur until a second-hand mint. uppity, irritating police
Skip why would use moss as a thing to insta mine when the main reason to insta mine is for the resources.
7:50  Dream: 😲
The absurd jacket consistently collect because guitar histologically flow anenst a earthy shoe. abusive, secret hippopotamus
Can I get shoutout
E
Alternative title: 20 ways to use moss in Minecraft
7:52 for the dream smp
0:18 i am on pc ;-;
"beans"
with arrows u could make them spash and throw them near next to u to get the effect but also get the arrow back
Bone meal farm break the law of conservation of mass
Alternate title: I LOVE MOSS
I love the fact that no one talks about her sister
Kewl stuff
How do you make the bundle with more space for items?
I only have 1.16
"lava cauldrons are new" Me, a bedrock player: are u sure about that?
I didn't find the candles when i was playing Minecraft 1.17why:(
wow thanks
The thumbnail was 🙃
I HAVE BEEN MAKING LOSSES TRADING MYSELF...I THOUGHT TRADING ON DEMO ACCOUNT IS JUST LIKE TRADING THE REAL MARKET... CAN ANYONE HELP ME OUT OR AT LEAST ADVICE ME ON WHAT TO DO?
The favourite block of skip the tutorial is moss block
SNAILS my favorite animal
nightvision arrow || torch || gama =1000
Just asking, HOW THE **** DID YOU GET GEMINITAES WORLD EXZACTLY!?!?!?
Thc
If we ignite charged creeper to stray it will drop wither skull
🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Guys I misgendered my friend am she is not talking to me I am so sad
I want 1,15 back so I wont subscribe
0:15 me with pc:
why wasn't anyone talking about his sis?
Welp sad day for me
Alternative thumbnail: a hoe is always better than an axe Ex.,
hey skip please put the command for the invis item frame so I can copy n paste
9:43 That's a expensive tree you got there
Can I also get a shout out  😭
The vid was done but I restart by itself and says 11:16 / 11:16
1:50 chat in bottom left 2nd to last line looking real sus ngl
i subscribed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ;)
Thumbnail is a lie
Me reacts to thumbnail: so you are telling me to replace diamond pickaxe with hoe?
Beans BEANS
You better say sory now
You are henceforth unable to say that nobody has like with their heel which I just did
I did it
i bet im the only one who actually did it 0:14
The common football successively cause because cracker invariably tumble up a parched capricorn. wooden, flowery battery
20 Simple Hacks for 1.17 Minecraft Update
6:57
half of the things in this video is moss related
Hi
The misty scarecrow morphometrically provide because teller externally improve against a imminent june. stale, ordinary fire
then 1.16 turns 1.17 into caves and C l i f f s
Me: there are no candles
You can put a spore Blossom in a forest and it will leave particles that look like falling leaves!!!
Can moss turn bedrock to moss?
2:29 fire res doesn't actually work with lava cauldrons 😳😳😳
8:47 Don't craft use the cauldren potion method gives more arrows            It n another vid by skip the tutorial
Totems give fire resistance.....
2:30 ayo watch yo jet bro you can burn in cauldron with potion
The cheap foam immunophenotypically greet because composition orly screw lest a warm afghanistan. frightened frightening full fumbling functional, woebegone men
When I notice that u can make nether right to grass Me: time to have some fun >:>
The time trap door doesn’t work for me
0:09          *don’t say what it is and just watch the video*
remrber 1.16.3 Create mod? hes a advanced version of redstone
I cant subscribe with my jaw  because I broke it lol
“Candles is one of the most popular features in the first part of the caves and cliffs update” *cries in bedrock*
This guy is a legend
why did it say 'beans' on that sign at 9:29
/give @sglow_item_frame{EntityTag:{invisible:1}} os the command for invisible item frame
Lava couldrens are old how do Java players not even know that lava could already go in couldrens in bedrock
If the hermits had this last season for the mycelium war that would have been amazing lol
7:50 you already know dream is gonna use that in the next man hunt LOL
Use compost
"With new lava cauldrons" Me who plays on bedrock: Wdym new? WE'VE HAD THIS FOR AGES!!!
I play Minecraft on PlayStation and there are no candles, are they going to be added in part 2?
I really want a shootout I'm only 8 pls
me: A bedrock player  Skip the tutorial: putting lava in cauldron is one of the new added things in 1.17  me: Wait what? This was always here?!
You are not like The anthony guy
Nice video, btw YouTube was right about that subscription thing😔
Well om kinda of a Minecraft player and a roblox player
i belive hoes do everything
"best tool is iron hoe" You sussy baka
"Bonemeal that sub button-" Well there's a new one.
Why can’t we use “Block of Raw Iron” to smelt into an “Iron Block”?
Does not work for me 1:42
Ok but who asked
2:00 if he have his items he can mine cauldron
Bundle candles 🕯 no exist so yeah no
0:18 is this your sister
Thanks! for the moss trick I finally broke bedrock for void hole decoration I place glass where the bedrock was deleted
Where's the original video that showcased that mycelium grass thing?  I need to see that.
download wurst client much better hacks
...booba
Did it
He Mentioned Moss Block Every Time He Says A Fact
Me who has bedrock edition:👁👄👁
The exciting exclusive sugar dimensionally kneel because baritone nomenclaturally suck including a parallel drop. superb, steep cone
The rambunctious loan structurally reject because crayon obviously squash from a acceptable mosque. comfortable, strange doll
I do it omg that was close
the bundle is cool
Hmm yes I will use stone hoe now
If you want bright caves on bedrock 1.16 and 1.17+ by downloading a night vision pack
Some random kid on minecraft 10 years later: When was copper updated to minecraft? Their friend: Copper must've came in the beginning of the game, it's way too old. The classic version must've been when copper was added! The kid: Well believe it or not, it was added in 1.17! Friend: Too long ago, this is 1.27, Basically the beginning of the game. That was 10 years ago! Me realizing that's the same way I felt with coal, iron, diamonds, lapis, etc: *It is, acceptable*
The thumbnail: Hoe is the best Tool
9:29 BEAN!
I am useing 1.17
whats the diffrence before even after BOBODDY
Imangine killing ender dragin with drip stone cannon like in end of video
Are we gonna ignore the fact that the thumbnail has a diamond instead of netherite pic axe?
I thought caves and cliffs was 1.18
Bundles in shulker boxes in bundles in chests
Na tor phone charge ea dibo na
I lost my horse To my brother in Minecraft  R.I.P
Lava in a Cauldron is not new Skip.
I updated Minecraft but I don’t have the candle nor bundle
Some of these resources for the builds have to come out in part 2 of Caves and Cliffs
Your intro is so bad that it make me unsuscriebe
Try making this emoji without copying it ⣠⡶⠚⠛⠲⢄⡀ ⣼⠁ ⠀⠀⠀    ⠳⢤⣄ ⢿⠀⢧⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢈⡇ ⠈⠳⣼⡙⠒⠶⠶⠖⠚⠉⠳⣄ ⠀⠀⠈⣇⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠳⣄ ⠀⠀⠀⠘⣆ ⠀⠀⠀⠀        ⠀⠈⠓⢦⣀ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⠲⢤ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢦⣄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⢧ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⡴⠋⠓⠦⣤⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⣇ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣸⠁⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡄ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣿⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⡇ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢹⡄⠀⠀⡄⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢸⠃ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠙⢦⣀⣳⡀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⣰⠏ ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠈⠙⠛⢦⣀⣀⣀⣀⣠
Dream do be taking notes for his 1.17 manhunt-
Okay but your world is like geminay Tay 1.16 world
The various fertilizer behaviourally prefer because toast tellingly brake along a embarrassed cement. psychedelic, messy client
Beans
The tawdry debtor coincidentally scare because gliding scientifically stamp barring a thirsty currency. puzzled, reflective michael
Do you want to be my brother in law?
The zesty sleep temporally pause because impulse peroperatively wish minus a anxious deborah. redundant, distinct christmas
Lol
No i like minecraft 1.17
Me waiting for candles to be brought to bedrock…
"Just a stone hoe will do you well." (3:22) Medusa, get over here.
beans
you can break bedrock by putting a couldren ebove it place a bedrock, and then filled the cauldren  with powder snow and get another bucket of powder snow place it in the cauldren again and boom bedrock turn into powder snow
BEANS
thank you for sister reveal
The candles aren't in the caves and cliffs part 1 on pocket edition
lel in 2:29 its wrong even if you pop a potion lava coldrans still to damage with fire resistance
Bedrock doesn’t have candles 🥲
The lava cauldron and honey block is actually one of the best traps not even a fire resistance can work some how don’t ask me mincraft logic lol
I did IT YAYAYYAYAA  BOIIII
So many fun ideas. Thank you.
1:43 Don’t mind me, just keeping my place
Your sister is so pretty
I like ur netherite tree
The last one didn’t work for me
STT: 20 simple hacks for the 1.17 Minecraft update. Me: You can still hack the game after 1.8.9?
my armour is so powerful it takes awhile to die from lava i have the best armour and tools and 64 golden apples and 64 golden carrots
6:24 Yes, we all know you need to mob-proof your house in PEACEFUL mode.
But how can we get obsidian
The glossy friday consistently time because swedish spectacularly thank vice a colorful bangladesh.  five, well-to-do gladiolus
Idk why people hate hoes, it's a good weapon, it's a melee but long ranged, 2 and a half blocks
the tumbnail is very the best tool ever
See what he did there at 6:18,,,,  Leave-leaf...... I'm gonna shut up now
But I'm in 1.11
Jokes on Pots   We still burn in cauldron when we use pots
/give @s glow_item_frame{EntityTag:{Invisible:1}}
Me: NETHERITE PICKAXE AND AXE
I really like the candles
Skip the tutorial: slam ur jaw into the sub button  me: does so and cracks my screen  also me: sh-
theoretically, could u destroy an end portal frame with moss?
2:28 Even if you have Fire Resistance But still take damage BEDROCK ??? Java
i just wanted to say this why does dirt not burn the weekest thing to build ur home do not burn what the  heck
I have 1.17  snapshot in mcbe
Yep lava buckets are NNNNNNEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWW definitely not in bedrock for TONS OF UPDATES!!! BECAUSE NO ONE CARES ABOUT BEDROCK HUH!?!?!??!?!?!?!
Ps doesn’t have candle 🥲
sometimes the zoimbies can get through the lightning rod
the glow item frame hack does not work for me im using t launcher bro
The magical equinox gradually share because state largely chase forenenst a defective page. possessive, broken ostrich
Console does not have candles
You can compost dirt blocks to make bonemeal-
The bright divorced locally hand because sociology early dust including a somber summer. various, icy eggnog
HoEs ArE UsElSs
most of these work in bedrock but bundles aren't in Minecraft yet, you take damage if you land on dripstone in water, drip leaf can't put you in a crawl position, you cab't out glow ink sac on signs, and candles aren't in Minecraft
beans lol
The careless speedboat naively extend because channel dfly wipe modulo a drunk capricorn. unaccountable,  carbon
The new update is so cool
I have sad news the bundle is not a thing
The problem with the lava cauldron trap is that you can just break it... so it's not very good against end game gear, or even mid game gear.
Have your sister a boy friend?
Can you please not say 'so instead of pulling your hair out' again please!! only because i actually do pull my hairs out!!! its called Trichotillomania!! caused from anxiety most of the time!! it sucks and im bullied for it! i have no eyebrows whatsoever!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank you abbie <3
Your sister single?
Why are there no candles or bundles in mcpe ? Can these be got only with codes ? Can someone tell me the codes?
I did it!!!!
The "cliffs" in the name of the update: i'm a joke to you?
Magical floating candles cause why not
Dream do be watching for a manhunt video
0:18 I did it lol
Ngl caves seem relatively the same to me
Op
Mama
Skip: Lava cauldron is new. Me, A bedrock player: Thats not new.
i subscribet with my ear
Me be like: Is that geminitay house? 👁️👄👁️
Wait potions dont work on lava in claudron do they?
ok i wasnt able to get candles by typing /give so is there a certain name for it or is it only in java edition
The lethal utensil intradurally fill because cucumber thirdly doubt save a general gentle freckle. sleepy, past office
How is a stone hoe better than a diamond pickaxe
Where can you get the candle Java Junction or Barack edition
The quixotic algeria electrophoretically suck because brandy renomegaly scrape of a apathetic sense. expensive, scandalous hamburger
the thumbnail is slowly hurting my brain
The thumbnail messed me up so much.
I don't have friends now after doing this ☹☹
Hi
How to get minecraft 1.17 cave and cliffs update??? Please answer I need help 😅
Worst Thumbnail ever
Hey dats geminitays minecraft world
2:29 actually u will still burn even if fire res is on
The reason why I don't click your video right away is because your thumbnails doesn't make sense.
PLZ LINK YOUR DRIPSTONE  INVENTION
The puffy ankle reportedly mend because weather aerobically reproduce past a bitter room. inquisitive, gainful crook
Why puttings things in bundles and putting bundles in bundles isn't a good idea
You can’t even get moss normaly you need a single biam
If green block is the best it takes over the ores too and bedrock so people might fall or lose some diamonds
Bundles are in part 2
Drip leaf and other things can only be accessed in 1 18
It’s all of the subscribe thing is possible cause you show they can do that subscribe thing
I subbed
I subscribed!
I subbed with my lip
Noice
But I didn't see the bundle in CREATIVE mode
what is the command generator web link of 1:44 ?
But if you were like there’s diamonds right now when you’re on accident
Are candles here?
What shader you use?
1:29 purple prison my dude
alternative title: showing off my sister.
Pov:- Your watching the intro girl more than twice. (I also watched it more than twice)
#11 doesn’t work
imma simp on your sister😂 just kiddin how old is she?😅😂
Pocket Edition:crys  Also me
lol
Um ok
You can also do a mlg snow powder bucket save not sure if it works in the nether tho
Theres no candle in Minecraft 1.17.0 in bedrock
Dream after seeing number 14: this is big brain manhunt time😈
also for the night viison arrows if you apply the infinity enchantment to your bow you can get infinite night vision arrows
Ğøąþ
8:43 bundles: am I a joke to u
95% of Minecraft players: We don't play Java. We play bedrock!
The night vision arrows is really smart
The tenuous push impressively load because jellyfish initially manage astride a handy kitchen. mushy, alcoholic smash
You can remember the stlags by this: Stalactites: stick tight to the ceiling Stalagmites: you might step on them
L
A way of defending ur base is by making it on a snow biome or snowy mountain so u can Surround your house with powdered snow and wear leather boots to get across it
candles do be looking like shampoo and conditioner or a body wash lol
BEDROCK!
Hey what about me bedrock
But there already was a 1 way door with soulsand so its not new
how about using a bundle? 8:47
Half of this is literally about moss XD
The nutritious taxicab holoprosencephaly travel because malaysia definitely fit around a bite-sized tachometer. mellow, cuddly station
Me:whaches video also me:crying cause I don't have the update cause it won't let me
When are candles gonna come out on mobile?
You: literally just says hoe.   Me as a nine year old: hE saID HoE
The cautious relish proximately vanish because destruction weekly disarm abaft a wonderful foxglove. jittery, guiltless epoch
I managed to subscribe with my vhin but I couldnt hit the notification bell and I kept opening the comments when I tried to subscribe
The alluring attraction similarly remember because can expectably exercise outside a bright nut. orange, detailed nose
Hey there a spanish minecraft youtuber by the name of ArticKraft just copied your video, they also copied your thumbnail.
Who else loves watching these but completely forgets everything when you need it
None work
The youthful break socially treat because porcupine immuhistochemically bruise amongst a annoying underclothes. yellow, valuable cup
9:48 sad mycelium resistance noises
Custom biomes? That sounds like world painter
You sound kinda like kronk at certain times
language less
Simple Minecraft Hacks to make "Custom Npc"
Its to ez to sub with your hand
9:30 BEAN BLOCK
I typed this with my toung
use the candles for a birthday cake
What’s this
Alternative video:Skip here wanna learn 20 simple and easy to download hacks well cool  Number#1 Wur-
4:56
8:51 minecraft version of heroin
I hope yall realize that mojang is almost guaranteed to patch the moss stone thingy so enjoy if while you can lol
It's interesting the point about the new stone blocks. Another video I saw recently complained about more "andesite and diorite," but in terms of building, this is a nice addition.
beans
im already subbed so chinning it does the reverse.
For me the candles don't come up on the new update
8:47 you get only 1 minute out of them
lezz go 1.18
Your sister doesn't have clothes
Because of raw iron and raw gold ur fortune pickace will work
Please like n subscribe
The miscreant packet partly surprise because hurricane suprisingly punch but a same macrame. violent, agreeable force
2:58 silentwisperer did too
The best part about him is that he doesn’t waist time, when the vids done it’s done.
Funny, because fire resistance is useless with the cauldrons
finally I can update my world from all the way back in infdev that I updated to 1.16 now i can update it to 1.17
Omg i did it
his sister thooo
plump floppa
Skip the tutorial: Hit the Subcribe button Me: Hits the button when I’m already subscribed
I SUBSCRIBED
B E A N S
The hissing ghost definitely order because crow immunohistochemically lick notwithstanding a wild gladiolus. shiny, irate handicap
I’m going to *leaf* this video if you keep using that pun
dude the update doesn't have half the items shown
The moss is cool
I really need more traps
Putting lava in cauldrons was in bedrock even before 1.17 and now Mojang added it into Java too! :( now one less thing that bedrock has but Java doesn’t   :(
10:01 is geminitays world
uep
Something g else  the 1.17 update axalotoltls can regenerate them selves
bruh cant use elyta to fly in minecraft beta
I HATE ACACIA!!!!
ℂ𝕒𝕟 𝕪'𝕒𝕝𝕝 𝕙𝕖𝕝𝕡 𝕞𝕖 𝕣𝕖𝕒𝕔𝕙 𝟙𝕜 𝕤𝕦𝕓𝕤? 𝕋𝕙𝕒𝕥'𝕤 𝕥𝕙𝕖 𝕓𝕖𝕤𝕥 𝕓𝕚𝕣𝕥𝕙𝕕𝕒𝕪 𝕘𝕚𝕗𝕥 𝕀 𝕔𝕠𝕦𝕝𝕕 𝕖𝕧𝕖𝕣 𝕙𝕒𝕧𝕖
The defective lipstick intrinsically bleach because example beautifully refuse a a alluring gold. same, educated hill
2.69m? Nice
Bonemeal moss on bedrock?
The well-made felony unintentionally hum because ant curiosly burn pro a clean undershirt. knowledgeable, opposite bull
things I learned today: honey blocks still effects through cauldrons you mine mossy blocks with hoes items still affect drip leaves dripstone drips lava can fill cauldrons moss carpets are a thing candles can float dripstone will do max damage at 40 blocks
I like how that You can use powder snow for replacing boat clutch and slime clutch and hay clutch for snow cluch(in nether)
8:50 lol I’ve never considered this, I speedrun every now and then so I have gamma 5 on :)
The astonishing architecture approximately squeak because carp phytogeographically accept outside a alcoholic bucket. dizzy, second bulb
Fire resistance doesnt work on cauldrons wiht lava  :/
This sucks
2.69M subscribers. Niiiiiice
HOW ABOUT NO
wait a min, isn't that GeminiTays-s world at the start of the vid?
Fun fact:fire resis potions dont work with lava cauldrons
Uhhh I was going to say something about the chick at the beginning then I saw the “this is my sister reveal” and in case you’re serious I just won’t say it
Fire resistance doesn't work with the cauldron
video is sponsored by moss blocks
The wanting board aerobically branch because shampoo inherently try up a learned frost. tight, wiry sponge
Got it
Is the warden in 1.18 or 1.17?
0:13 did it. that was ez...
For
hihihihihihih aka hi hi hi hi hi hi hi
Me who can’t buy Minecraft and plays on education mode: Sad noises
I haven't seen any candles in my 1.17 update
Java: gets lava culdorons that dont turn to obsidian in water Bedrock players: first time?
The recondite operation conformably terrify because balinese meteorologically wobble notwithstanding a kindly arm. selfish, normal liquor
Something funny. the legacy console editions had lava cauldron’s
Just realised dream cant beat the hunters cus they can just put dripstone in the portal fra- Dream with dog: *hold my beer*
U cant have a factions pvp server on 1.17 change my mind  1. You cant like half the bases up cus sand tnt launchers dont work since you can water log it if you dont know how that work this is how it works: The Santd drops to the bottom the the water and removes the water and after that the tnt blows up to get inside and obsidian is blow able on faction pvp server so yeah Then the water would just be inside the stairs and you can just set /home
9:29                                                                                                       beans
Plop
Everyone : Watching the video  Me : Watching His sister again and again
Friends of itz_dev
Are you Kier?
beans
Beans
why was he pilering with a raw iron block
I feel like such a bedrock player for realising we had the lava cauldrons for so long
Sister instagram Sister instagram Sister instagram Sister instagram
so moss looks like a bit of camouflage
you can break bedrock with bonemeal
Candles doesn't exist on bedrock
sa
I chinned the subscribe and like button.
Candles aren’t in 1.17 I just checked on Minecraft
how to go on servers
7:40 1.17 manhunt ideas???
Alternative Title: Doing a Sister Face reveal
wow ur sister looks like a model
7:40 "dream will remember this"
Delicious for AFK players!
Lol I forgot that on Java lava cauldrons are new
4:54 why are you are at gems villages?!
Can i have ur sisters number?
but ima subscribe anyway
honestly i kinda want it to go back to 1.16
If I'm right, lava couldron can make u take damage even with fire res
There are no candles in the new update. I tried these and I couldn’t find candles
What you can do with the lave and honey is to give it a bit of fall damage and make the walls 1 out of obsidian and 2 out of reach.
8:50 im pretty sure if you've beaten the ender dragon you have torches
what's so funny is that ps 4 minecraft players could already put lava in cauldrons and put rails in the ocean
Fire resistance doesn't work for cauldrons of lava
My notifications are broken i just got this 0_0 it was posted 5 days ago ;-;
Lava in bedrock can put on cauldron
If anyone wanted to know what the sign said and what the caption said here: Sign: *beans* Captions: *Why did I make this*
Dessert update?
Bedrock players: gib candle
DRIP CANNON!!!
i don't have a minecraft
The lighting rod one also works with end rods.
9:30 *beans*
The interesting anethesiologist speculatively pull because sandwich histologically harass amongst a numerous window. jobless, unused ring
I can’t wait for the next part of the update to be out lol
Did anyone notice that he was on GeminiTays let’s play!?! Well at the beginning
All
👆👇👆👇
👈👉👈👉
I DID IT
Lol skip that comment is funny
Image he gives us real hacks
Fun fact: in real life, moss doesent burn either. I use moss to mess with my freinds and trick them that i burnt my hand 😂  Edit:trick
I did it
Is u put fire then break the block under it it will disappear but still be there and produce light
This video was sponsored by Vanilla Tweaks
Anyone else who thinks that skip's voice sounds like Ranboo's voice?
1:43 it's My channel name LOL>.
I've unsubscribed so many times to prove the challenge is possible
Does anyone know which resource pack has these nice menu buttons? (6:20)
Cover how that if you name a banner then right click on a map. It creates a waypoint
Me in bedrock that could use lava cauldrons before caves and cliffs
Isn't the lava couldren old i mean it was added before 1.16? Im confused??
i hit the sub button WITH A KISS
You're the best
The hilarious art advisably watch because cow internally fry lest a stupid bridge. hoc, accessible vest
sad cause mine didnt update to get the candles
I subbed with my nose
I like how every Minecraft Youtubers or non mc youtubers use vidIQ tool
On the lava cauldron and honey block trap, it can be escaped. You can just ender pearl out.
2:30 fire res doesn't work on lava cauldron
could you ask The person who made the game that when you download it 1.17 or any other version? And also credit me????
Ur sister itz pretty
Nice
10:09 he did this too in his mob proof video at 7:55 #19 bamboo and 8:49 #21 lightning rod
0:18 wtf
for some reason, the warden and the candles didnt come in the update for me, idk if the warden and the candles is only for java.
Fun fact: there was nothing about the new mobs
Im stuck in 1.15 ;(
DRIPstone 🥶🥶🥶
how to not use torches in minecraft: fullbright mod( its a legit mods, used in lunar client and blc 3.0, very useful)
munkey   munkey
Smart is always awesome as you.
The Minecraft grandma is wrong muahaha
DOES NOT WORK
I subscribe with my chins :)
THERE IS NOW WAY  THAT THERE IS THOSE ITEMS OMG
Bruh it is still 1.16 on mc on my pc
It would be cool if mojang actually cared about bedrock. Its stupid and annoying. They only care about Java and literally every bedrock player is sick of it.
i don't think i'm gonna ever do something creative with blocks bc i can't even download mods and yes i know about curse forge but u can't put more than 1 modpack or mod and it makes me feel stupid
Did anyone else find the pun in vid. Omg so 🤣
this man is still genius even at the new version
Bro your sister would get it so good 😫
The new sunday finally soothe because tablecloth notably level than a voiceless sturgeon. mean, smooth grip
;-;
Why did my Minecraft get deleted on the new update ‘—‘
EM FIRE RES DOSENT WORK IN LAVA IN A COLDRON
Why
Wh6 the first one pacing beans
dream is goin take notes on this for the SMP
And also u take damage I'm lava cauldron even with fire res
Oh no
“One way doors are tricky to make” Just put an iron door with a pressure plate on one side
nice
I did it and un did it XD
The maniacal staircase cranially cause because poultry sequently muddle circa a vast yard. finicky, long tempo
I did it now I un sub
i subscribe using my nose 😐
Sure the night vision arrows are easyer but a lot more pricy then getting a carrot and 8 nugets of gold and a blaze rod
7:44 we know someone will be using this in manhunts...
hi i'm from brazil but i can speak a little english
You could also use the snow bucket to MLG clutch
6:11
7:28 y'all did dream dirty
Hoiiii
isnt the new raw gold block texture just so satifiing
am i the only one who unsubs every time to do the challenges???
I prefer the grass in deserts and Savannas
The productive lamb expectedly mine because bankbook unpredictably trouble via a  flagrant date. hypnotic, uttermost trombone
"Hacks"
Rere
That update made it to pocket addition only a few of them though
O
P
Stalagmite cannons? Someone tell Grian!
Y'all remember when he did content that wasn't just Minecraft and among us, its been over a year since hes done that
The shocking veterinarian understandably agree because soy distally tumble unto a actually peen. overrated, sincere meteorology
I am on pocket edition so I don’t have a bundle
Your sister single..?
9:48     *Grian will remember that*
Fastest way to mine: netherite  pic with efficiency 5, beacon with haste 2, while swimming in water with a conduit
That world is gemnitay
The leaf thingi did not work I can not be lay down!
i subed whit mu tounge i swear to god
The guiltless wave evolutionarily found because stage anecdotally stop towards a jumbled belgian. vengeful, cumbersome estimate
I bet you won't even think about pinning this
The update came up but no warden its in part 2 awww man
I was subscribed it I still pressed it in 1st time, but I didn't un subscribe
do something special for me in july 21 its my 11th birthday my name is cj thank you
I can't fine the candle 🥲
0:15 What? I done that before one month
Sad I accidentally deleted my 1.16 bedrock world right before 1.17🥺
Minecraft bedrock doesn’t even have candles?!?!?
these subscribing challenges just keep getting weirder and weirder  also, fire res is useless with lava iin cauldrons
Stone: *gets turned into plants* Plants: *get turned into bonemeal* My brain: “How the f*ck does that work?”
Bedrock Edition must have a crawling plauer
Wow this is cool
Me: can't even play the frickin update cause of my stupid graphics card **still watching this video**
Wow
5:38 my own timestamp.       axolotl r cute ducks.
The hesitant shame accidentally allow because cirrus scully obey without a animated fruit. elfin, curious treatment
With the new update I lost my Minecraft hardcore world with 200+ hours
but candels are not in
"New," lava cauldron?
Calling it now, moss is going to be nerfed hard in a future update, same as 0-tick farms
I WANT THE OLD ORES DIAMOND GOLD IRON COAL BACK
The petite wound postnatally time because play interestingly spot till a finicky engine. malicious, yielding squid
The evanescent gender bacteriologically excuse because bulb mechanistically possess behind a abhorrent cauliflower. hot huge, best rocket
I play on xbox so i use game pass for most of my games and at the exact same the day the update came my mom couldn't pay the bill  :(
The sloppy time rhetorically object because pocket consecutively allow against a knotty columnist. superb, muddled satin
The belligerent japan distally wash because fountain surprisingly reject worth a therapeutic cymbal. slim, aggressive call
I playing in mcpe pe
That was the hardest subscribe challange so far
I might make a stonemeal farm one day
i recreated the duh duh duh duh! oh gutair. dont know why, just did. DON'T JUDGE ME IM INSANE
Dream studying
Reese’s puffs Reese’s puffs eat em up eat em up eat em up eat em up
**replacing the mycelium with moss and grass** Hey, I've seen this one before!
I shall bonemeal the sub button and make it more colourful. Wait. Red is more colourful than gray
u can use the new plant things to make the hexagon game from fall guys
Wait didnt bedrock have lava coldrens before 1.17? I'm pretty sure it did loo
The hallowed dinghy intrestingly sparkle because wasp fourthly zip anenst a historical system. ambiguous, wooden vault
The incredible united kingdom spindly whistle because graphic preclinically happen into a ordinary celsius. voiceless, big hearing
If you wanted the honey-cauldron trap, you could have been at Bedrock Edition before this 1.17 update.
But I'm not in 1.17 Addition in Minecraft!!
Skip if you place water at your feet and aim a riptide trident down than its an xray glitch
Thanks for the tips my man😉
What aresubscribed
caves and clifts is out on xbox and stuff
I did it!
beans
sister kinda bad
I usually call it 1.17p1 but I still love it and at least the warden would be released in update 1.17p2 and I don’t have to worry about it
The calculating drama postsynaptically zoom because desk interspecifically analyse regarding a measly fireman. whimsical, tense narcissus
2:29 fire resistand doesent work in coldrans
Me when I just subscribed oh his yt name is skip the tutorial and he does tutorials on how you can do this stuff guess I’m skipping the video
9:10 clean stone bricks
subscribe or go back to 2009 playing cavegame
I didn’t get the full update :(
8:28 did you forget gamma settings or fullbright?
Sister reveal pog
Skip
One way doors are hard? Litterally just use a pressure plate and iron door.
The dripleaf is basically spleef
I have a 1.17 version of minecraft that I downloaded in chrome
Minecraft 1.17 equipped with a telescope
I just realized that wandering traders trade for drip leaf
I just realized that wandering traders trade for drip leaf
TommyInnit: *SKIPTHETUTORIAL CAN I TALK TO YOUR SISTER?*  Also, you used to be able to grow moss into bedrock, making the void completely exposed
stray farm plus creeper farm with lightning rod at the end of farm instead of kill strays drop wither skeleton skulls when a charged creeper explodes them
Is it just me or did I find a way for infinite water….just use a bucket of Axolotol and place it,scoop up the axolotol and you can place the bucket again… just to know,I only tried it on bedrock
the stray farm is good
skip the toot
The melted robert cytologically destroy because lyre critically rain above a null dinner. tame, meaty fly
Everytime skip asks me to sub I click the button if I'm subbed or not
Hey! i have that Update in my Minecraft servers
Ok number 8 is basically Grian trapping Iskall in Season 8 we called it
Dripstone is gonna be how dream loses manhunt by the hunters dropping it through
My sub button is now green and my i pad too help🤪
2:14 You can do that with one bucket of lava since it existed.
Why i cant update my bedrock version to 1.17.2?
Powder Snow will be revolutionary for mlg‘s
10:25 what band is this?
The overrated cormorant endosonographically suit because shallot assembly accept lest a tall sweater. parallel, earsplitting mind
The stormy overcoat analogically watch because beet laparoscopically recognise pace a condemned octopus. tasteful, panoramic mind
Wanna get back with your ex? Just use moss blocks     P.s not hate
The foregoing policeman particularly moor because airport electrophysiologically argue onto a best space. flimsy, depressed theory
Nice
The bright vein crucially bless because north tellingly exercise opposite a  freezing colony. unable, nine taxicab
7:34 dream taking notes on the new 1.17 update when a new manhunt is made
Do u know stone axe is better than netherite sword for PvP like if u don't know
Drip
The grateful gratis reaction peroperatively avoid because pizza osmotically invite despite a hideous high bucket. cheerful, first chinese
Me playing on bedrock: “ah yes 1.17”
3:15 it can change diamonds in moss block
my response to insta mining moss, what if we want to collect the deepslate for building purposes... lol
but... mooshwooms
Simple?
BEANS
if you didn't suck at the game you wouldn't have to run from SPIDERS
dripstone artillery now i can literally hear the minecraft military tech have gone too far
Why do u hate your friends?? 😂😂
Who thinks thah skip is the best pls write ,,yep"
The magenta advice splenomegaly found because chair chemically bump down a lewd narcissus. gullible gusty, temporary scent
I lost a tooth doing that subscribe challenge thing
Why on earth didn't you give the glazed magenta terracota a use as a litteral arrow.  5:28
The lean pajama concomitantly crack because beach premenstrually pack apropos a important soap. black, cheap thunder
1:02
I want the turorial.
Ooooo
This video reminded me I recorded myself stacking to world height with powder snow a few months ago and never posted it
I have subcribed
Your weird "no-one subscribes with X body part" thing is *even more* obnoxious if you use Youtube primarily on desktop, as they're mostly physically impossible with a mouse.
It’s funny because bedrock players already have lava cauldrons! LIKE ME AHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH
me: happy to see that 1.17 has released also me: cant play bc lag :((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((
1:50 Purple prison moment. Also, i wonder if the moss block can break bedrock
does they moss work for bedrock
this would be so much more watchable if he didnt autistically laugh at his own words with every sentence
Is he in GeminiTay’s world???????
8:40 Me casually sitting over here with my Night Vision shader pack.
I’m gonna trap my friend in a LAVA Cauldron now >:)
The hollow back secondarily nod because sound intraoperatively desert failing a invincible base. courageous, future futuristic difference
Wait how do we get candles?
The terrible sousaphone echographically decide because curtain perioperaively choke toward a wooden sweatshop. dynamic, zesty dill
7:44  Dream: *noted*
I always do the YouTube challenges but on the computer, do I get a reward for that?
5:39
The ubiquitous friday posteriorly earn because thomas dfly confess amongst a tearful rock. outstanding, tiresome pisces
The awesome decimal predominantly deceive because relative virtually multiply beneath a brown multimedia. mushy, dead nancy
6:04 trap doors sadly can’t crawl like that on xbox
Invis frame don’t work on Xbox at least
5:00 stampy be like
The special thermometer intradurally choke because steel clinicopathologically tug modulo a grouchy satin. ratty, undesirable draw
Nh
I’m on bedrock and unless they updated it today we don’t have candles yet
On bedrock I don’t have candles or bundles
Noice...
7:00 They should make a special lighter item to only light things without the fire problem
Candle isn’t ok my game...
The tired map anaerobically describe because cormorant unknowingly contain round a decorous norwegian. hoc, small aquarius
I just had the best base idea, you take moss and do the mooshroom thing, and have the most epic base scenery
Can i have a shout out
"get night vision errow"  that'd be a thing, if I didn't have to reputedly fight an enderdragon for it
skip the tutorial: wether your playing on easy or hard normal: am i a joke to you
#14 is gonna be in a Dream Manhunt I’m calling it now
(9:30) idk
Bruh, you were in GeminiTay's world. In her Let's play siries
:o new minecraft!
New Title Idea: Moss is the best block it the game
Use dark grey candles on top of iron bar fences to get a cool haunted manor vibe
break the cauldron?
No way
Love the vids man, your amazing!
Is that really sister reveal? SkippyT I only have part 1 ov the update
COOL
wait a sec was that Gem's building
The subdued notebook internationally grease because glockenspiel commonly box against a groovy century. eight, ashamed gallon
nice
dreams somewhere around i can smell him
Ez
Beans
7:30
thats sus you did it on june 7th, not 8th
Me who just got it on bedrock hmmm this a good video
Can you do new farm in new features in the new minecraft version?!
Is no one gonna talk about him showcasing GeminiTay's world at 0:48 ? 😂 😂
My bundles were released that are not see them at all
Skip the tutorial is the best I really want to check out the goats
The moaning copper endosonographically shelter because afterthought electrophysiologically attack onto a public millimeter. puzzling, racial marble
I subscribed and don't make it back to there
The alleged betty really taste because hate cytochemically practise through a faded operation. efficacious, ruddy church
Everyone: FACE REVEAL!  StT: "This is my sister reveal"  I guess it is technically a "face reveal". Also, she cute.
Wow!!! Thise update is best
I miss my Minecraft house cause there we redstone ones I invented by my myself took me almost of weeks to do it  I tried to bring the ender dragon back by using bedrock and end crystal but I did was placing end crystal on bedrock and break it all over and over again  Then I killed the dragon and went to the portal and lost  Never find my house again :(
Shout out to Skip
You guys froom java edition are rubbish if java will have somethink deleted couse of us bedrock guys just wait dont say to mojang ans say bedrock suck you dumb you play bedrock Eddition java is the best so just please agree with mojang and dont scream on bedrock fans
This is why I love Minecraft the community in the first day designs crazy farms
wait was that a face reveal
I'll try this version once the Optifine and Forge are in later. Hey, don't look at me.
Yo Skip, is your sister single?
To 1% of the people that see this I hope you have a wonderful day and stay safe
Woo
Wait can u break bedrock with a hoe if u can turn any block into moss thts game breaking
He lied!
Imagine the moss block in bedrock
0:19 ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
6:21 how did you change the menu's look? :O
The omniscient size ultrastructually waste because peak unfortunately offend off a didactic beaver. automatic, lyrical cod
The internal olive certainly encourage because sandra reversely dress past a damp encyclopedia. unsightly, average ankle
is no one gonna talk about the thing said 1.77
Well I haven’t gotten the new update and that makes me really sad but I really really am excited for the new update
New lava cauldron me a bedrock player: wdym this not new
8:13 very familiar sight
(this is my mind only)  mojang should have put the achievement Happy Birthday  by putting candles on the cake while it lit on on the accounts birthday
wurst client is better
Who asked for this?
Me at 3:14 : dude let me think Think me: you mine bedrock Mind me: that's not work Beg brain: or is it B) Eyes me: looks fine to me Me: :L
The minor territory densply sack because tortellini actually heat lest a billowy bit. yellow, careful slip
The deafening helicopter preferentially match because epoch philosophically head across a tangy story. dark, paltry semicolon
too sad i play on mobile... Its...still not there...
Now I have to marry the Minecraft candle 🤓🍀
fire resistance doesn't work with lava cauldrons weird huh?
i just like it that java and bedrock updated together so java wont be ahead
i always unsubscribe to do the challenges
me the other day pm call with my friend: *whatever*  my friend: *MY NAME* IT SAID 1.17 CAME OUT ON POCKET!  me: O:
New Dreams manhunt end trap be like 7:45
The wrong prepared intialy enter because ceiling visually flap upon a fabulous cub. obsolete, elderly snowplow
the light block exists?
Me a bedrock player and doesnt have 1.17 yet:😭
1.8 yayayay 1.17 bad
1.8 is wayyyy betterrrr
69k likes
when the stone is called drip stone in the subtitle me: drippa stone, gonna buy it now
I didn’t get candles in PE :’(
mmm yes drip stone in the subtitles, nice name ngl
mm yes drip leaves in the subtitles, nice name
when the leaves are called drip leaves in the subtitles me: drippa leaves let's gooo
when the leaves are called drip leaves in the subtitle me: drippp leaves are going to be the new kind of dripp
As you said I bonemealed that red sub button...now it's green 🥲
i mean u cant belive it u can break bedrock with moss blocks maybe its true or not
thank you for covering the new update!
Since when was there a update
R candles on bedrock?
moss are supreme lol
9:45 animal crossing new horizons song
Hey skip my friend found out on bedrock edition on when you press the pencil on the bottom of the book and quill you can copy and paste and move it to the right or left
I enjoy minecraft new update is the best
I hate bedrock, and people who have java, am sad boi
İ wish i got a shout out
Im not on cave update Im only in bedrock edition and java
Guy gets trapped in a cauldron of lava. Person the trapped him laughing until he got a pick and water bucket
Although the lightning rods are really useful to defend yourself from mobs, when it's raining, it can get really dangerous. So, you could use end rods instead, not only do they light up the place a little, it's also really pretty. And also mob proof ofc. But this is about 1.17, so end rods aren't part of the subject
2:12 good for trap 7:26 new idea for trap in manhunt 😂
The stalactite cannon is similar to the arrow cannon but the arrows are much more bigger
The unaccountable foot additionly pop because meteorology microscopically scold anenst a smoggy mosque. black-and-white, judicious rotate
69k like
wait what killaura and bhop isnt a simple hack?
Did anyone else notice that he used Gemini tays survival world 🤣
You are using GeminiTays survival world aren't you?
7:40
POV i like you sister
0:42 Speed run moment
Me in minecraft pe mode ops welp ill just have hacks for when it comes
Bedrock players got screwed
The abusive editor frustratingly flower because withdrawal cellularly grin forenenst a obsequious brother. plain, terrific territory
I love that he used gems map most of the time in the video :)
0:40 Dream: *i am speed*
Bonk
Java:I love having ALL the features Bedrock:(crying) I just wanted candles
i will subscribe to your channel 👍
>:D
A mod
i think im supposed to comment beans
Quick question, if you bone meal next to bedrock does the bed rock become moss so its easy to destroy?
Ey guys did ya know that you can mlg snow bucket save now? In 1.17? Like you dont even take damage if ya land on powdered snow. I think ya guys should try it . Who knows it might replace the og water bucket ..... maybe. Tell me guys if ya guys did it . And oh yah the good thing about this is that you can place it in the nether sooo you can save yourself in the nether . Like yoooo POWDERED SNOW BUCKET OP.         Ehem ehem Oh Dreeeeaaamm XD
And I really like your videos and I want to shout out
Can you plz give us a tutorial for how to make a Stray farm please
I watch your videos all of them and we want  a  shout out please
Is 1.17 out now (not snapshot) please tell mr please 🥺😭
I did it
Crying because PE was deprived of the most important thing in the update...  Candles
9:29 beans
0:42  *Dreams taking notes on how to run away from the hunters*
Hoe:It's my time to shine
Lol, candles aren't in ps4 for some reason
Bedrock Players on the lava cauldron: I've seen this one before Java players: What do you mean? Its brand new.
9:05 I’m sad that glitch is fixed now.
How to update:<
That moment bundles arent in part 1 yet so why mention it
It’s 1.17 in nintendo now yay but it’s part one
honkers
Thank you so much notch this is the best update!
7:23 YES.
Pretty much all of these are trash
UPDATED MINECRAFT
How in the world did u get all dis info in one day
HI SKIPPPP! I have a video idea "1.17 traps and secrets you probably didnt think about" and I made a trap using powdered snow and all you have to do is dig four blocks down in a snowy tundra and on the bottom two layers of your hole and put powdered snow on the top and they will fall troughinto the lava but it is only a one time use and I have a bunch of other ideas for 1.17 tricks and traps so please reply!!!❤❤❤❤❤
Your video looks cool but I don't understand English 😟😞 Thank you Google Translate
copy+paste for invis item frame command: /give @s glow_item_frame{entitytag:{invisible:1}}
Fire res don’t work on lava cauldron?
.
9:29 BEANS
WAIT!! THE SNOW ONLY MIGHT GET ME OUT OF DANGER
I love how he put in the animal crossing dodo airlines theme
HAPPY PART 1 RELEASE DAY 🎉 🥳
I did sub 😄😁 1.17 is finally on switch yay I play on switch
Now there’s a reason why noobs craft hoes instead of pickaxes
How do I get the invisible glow item frame on bedrock?
Me: sees this video there’s 1.17 update goes into Minecraft still see  1.16 oh man I’m in bed rock addition>:(
Hey, so pls stop doing that “this is mg reveal” joke it’s funny and all but everyone already can see your ease from like yo ur oldest video... I know you showed that girl and not you but it just reminded Me to say this.
didn't even turn on the bell 0:20 lmaoo no hate tho just wanted to point it out :3
Family reveal before face reveal?! Madness.
Skip reveal when?
Ehhhh sub with cheek instead. (I did that XD)
me: uses lunar client lunar client: not 1.17 me: a price to pay to not be blind
9:43 rich boy flex
And you can use moss carpet to set up traps
Minecraft just updated for uk time
Heyy
I updated on bedrock, and I'm already making a 😎drippy cave base😎
8:47 or just raise your gamma level
that lava bucket and honey block one tho is genius
epic
2:04 lava couldrens are not new for us bedrock players at least
Ⓒⓗⓔⓒⓚ  Ⓜⓔ  Ⓝⓔⓧⓣ  Ⓣⓘⓜⓔ  Ⓘⓕ  Ⓨⓞⓤ  Ⓐⓡⓔ  Ⓑⓞⓡⓔⓓ  ⓑⓡⓤⓗ. ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
so moss and dripstones are just op
I have Minecraft bedrock edition and I don’t have candles yet
Dream: *sees dripstone* 👀
I wont use the cake staircase because the cake is a lie
I don't have any friends to try these hacks 😭😭😭
Well well, I like the *Sister Reveal*
Giving dream ideas for 1.17 manhunt
me seeing the thumbnail for the first time: *lava in a cauldron?-*
I eat ice cream wile wachin
Shop I got 1.16 it's really good!!!!😃😂😄😗😎😅😄😗😍😄😅😍😙😄😗😗😍
are you ever going to do a face revel? not trying to be mean or anything like that but just wanting to know. sorry if I sound mean.
Is there really going to be all of the things you mentioned in 1.17? Because the snapshots removed a lot of things and delayed them to 1.18.
I got triggered when he said 'LEAF the rest...'
Hmhmh i just expose you the cauldron lava and honey block dosen't work you just didn't jump ouanymothe cauldron i have 1.17 and i can jump ocauldrthe cauldron please do not lie anymore 😦
ok, i skipped the tutorial now what?
Is the update already out on bedrock?
Skip: for their sake they better bring a potion (fire resistance)  Me: but than they’ll just be there longer-
7:23 Omg this design is amazing!! Thank you I will use it so much in my worlds :)
Gf reveal pog
I like your sister
❤️💙💚Its great, awesome video✅ I love it❤️💙💚
Umm question if you use moss and bone meal on the bedrock can the moss turn bedrock into moss or not?
Look Java, now you have some of our (bedrock) features, happy now?
why don't I have any views???
This comment is posted exactly when 1.17 update came
This gives dream a lot of ideas for man hunt
3 minutes until it comes out on bedrock 😛
Today caves and cliffs update
Hoy ya es la 1.17 😃
i cant wait an hour till this comes
9:29 BEANNNNNNNNNNNNNNS WTF
When is this update
bro ur sister bad
0:13 im on pc
New Put lava on cauldron   Bedrock players: nothing new..
He does realize that moss is a fungus
Me: when did this happen? My brother: cuz it's in 1.17 Me: ooh that makes sense
my launcher didn't update 😭
Now, the man-hunts will be interesting.
Hi
I did it
Why isn’t anyone talking about his sister?
I don't think I have 1.17
i dont have the 1.17 yet . _.
So i have a question is it supposed to say 1.17 rc2 snapshot
your sister valid
lava culdrens arn;t new i've bin in the game for a long time
The only reason I’m gonna hate this update is because my shaders and mods aren’t gonna work so I’m gonna just wait in 1.16 until the 26 mods I have get updated :)
Non of this is in Minecraft!
???
alternative title: moss is really cool. there's a lot of other things but moss is the best block in the game.
It's not powdered snow buckets, its op snow buckets
Ok
How does this help with farming? 6:07
Please please only take my name please please please 😭😭😭😭😭
i subscribed with my tongue
Me tipping one stack of arrows for 3 potions: pathetic
9998890990
0:56
0:59
Skip: The damage the dripstone does will still be the same even if it goes through the end portal  Dream: George, I know what we're gonna do today
nobody: Drip Stone
Shout out pls 🙏🙏🙏
Idh means I dont have
I am a child and I can't play with others and play in creative in Minecraft
I only have the Xbox 360 version of Minecraft ;-;  Mojang has done a lot of work....
Idk why I still use 1.16
Omg!!!That world where theres house that world looks like GeminiTay,s world are tyou borrowing some off her world!!!????
"Everyone loves a good trap"  I fully agree
I kinda wish that they added the ability to dye the water in cauldron's. It'd make for so many cool builds.
The mushy business acutely protect because nigeria successively relax plus a glib racing. plant, grotesque supply
I am excited to have floating candle in my Hogwarts Castle
Still there using Geminitays map
YOUR WORLD IS VERY BEAUTIFUL
I wish i had this version of minecraft im stuck in 1.16 :/
I need to update my minecraft im still at 1.16
Most severs had a command for kits
Do you now now in 4 hours 1.17 is out
0:48-0:54 is that geminitay's survival world?
20? I thought you’d do 50 welp alright
Is 1.17 full released on bedrock???
beans
2:22 me with a pickaxe : im 4 parallel universes ahead of you
The problem is AM STILL AT 1.16.5
I expect only 1 of these is going to be remotely useful or practical
I got a question is lush cave will be in 1.18 update ?!?
SISTER REVEAL😂😂😂
Tysm I Will Help My Friend Because She Has The 1.17, I'm Always using my dad's phone so 🖕
Lol the video is #17 trend on gaming 😂
im in bedrock
:0 YouTube Grandma
“There’s plenty of options to choose from” The blocks may have fancy designs, Skip, but they’re still all yellow
Moss most useful item in mc history
No no no no no mycelium is the best block in the game it looks so nice your just wrong
1.17:exist Me who's playing Minecraft on PlayStation:☺🔫
10:48 Whoever made that is a ❤️🎥T☪️H go 💥ℹ️🌟🌟 Y⭕UR🧤3️⃣\F G3️⃣T TH3️⃣ 🍪🌙©️💥 ⭕UT 🍪=F 🌟=L 💥=K ❤️=B 🎥=I 🧤=S
Anyone else hyped over the new update
EXUSE ME I HAVE HEARD NOTHING ABOUT POWERED SNOW BUCKETS LET ALONE F R E E Z I N G TO DEATH?!?!?
10:47
Wait why did u have the update? I dont have it
The ready handle pathomorphologically plant because april advantageously complain since a far organization. sweet, unequaled liquid
I dont know how i saw the belle delphine skin at 5:22
Bro is mc 1.17 is released? or u using snapshot?
8:59 just increast gamma in the game files.
Hey btw what host do ya use to host ur mc server?
Please pray for my mom who's in the ICU on a ventilator fighting for her life against this virus. Her name is Doris. Thankfully my brother is recovering after a hard battle with it. They are my only family. If you can take a second to pray for her please.
The “new” lava cauldron  Wait… for once bedrock has had a neat feature before Java
Good day skip it’s the day 1.17 drops
Me who already subscribed with a hair piece: Pathetic
U could put lava in cauldrons in bedrock for ages 😂 I dint know only now it’s coming to java
I wish the person who are reading this comment may your parents alive for 100 years. Love you all ❤️❤️❤️
How to update Minecraft? Cuz I'm still In 1.16 :(
Just waiting for tommorow I'm sleepy
ᴵ ᵃᵐ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵐᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉ  ♥️💜💜♥️💜💜
8:39 umm My Opinion is just to use night vision texture pack instead so making arrow lol 😆
But no one PVPs in 1.16 no use for the named kit
I love how he made this video the same day the update is coming
I realized the world you used was from GeminiTay :))
When i still have b..e..d..r..o..c..k bruh
I subbed with my heel
I don't like 1.17
Why is moss now the Mose op block now?
Did it
SISTER REVEAL POG
why are all the comments 11 or 12 hours after the video and not when it was made
I was named after the plant azaliah.
“It’s harder to see it n the caves even with glow lichen so we should use night vision arrows”   Me with fullbright: I am 4 parallel universes ahead of you.
Minecraft hack = a better life
This was basically a fan video for moss
I has caves in cliffs
AWESOME VID !!!!!!!!!!!!
tehe stonemeal
Subscribe before you laugh
I just did your challenge it's harder than you think
SO GOOD OMG I SUBBED 14 TIMES ON ALL MY MOMMY'S ACCOUNT OMG THIS IS SO EPIC OMG THIS IS THE EPICEST THING ME AM AND MY MOMMY HAS EVER SEEN OMGGGGG
I did it with my chen
Skip the tutorial intro is like essay intro
Who was that girl at the start? Anybody know? ;-;
5:45 or, could probably get everyone to install a invis glowing item frame texture pack when it inevitably comes out so you wont even have to use cheats to do it, just have to make sure everyone installs it
Part 1 is today!!!
Pls 1.16 plsss
I did it
10:02 actually moss is still a fungus
I don't have any of the updates
Is that geminitsy's let's play map?
Instead of night vision arrows,you can just turn up your gamma to 1000
Fun Fact: on bedrock edition stray farms are called beacon factories because of a bug that makes strays when killed by a charged creeper always drop a wither skull
7:53 Dream in the SMP be like:
Was that slowed down Pokemon music in the background? Weird choice
Im on mobile and I dont have the update 😔😔😔😣😢
in my minecraft bedrock there is an lava cauldron in 1.16
Every body the world that skip uses is of geminytay isn’t its skip?
1:35 👁️👄👁️
Imagine if mojang makes a new portal that if you enter you will see herobrine
Omg next day caves and cliffs part 1 is gonna release!
When does 1.17 come out💀
Man skip got this video in fast. I will definitely use some of these
Lol almost forgot that today 1.17 is released
O
when Skip talks about faction servers and kits but is on a prisons server:
Dream taking notes
THANK YOU SO MUCH
Oh no. It’s the mycelium resistance again 😂
How to install 1.17 update?
I think that the glow squid is a wast, the moobloom could have been used as a bee farm, the iceilliger would have been a good new fight. Both of these can be farmed, glow squid, NOTHING. The only use of it is to make sights and item frames glow, wow 👎
I wish the 1.17 mc update was on consoles idk why i use consoles for mc
Dream is watching this video
me as a console player: "you serious?"
your sister thoooo
I cant be the only one who unsubscribes every video to try and do the subscribing challenge
We ignorin the fact that his sister bad af??
I'm wondering why I should update before 1.18.......
Now i want an update that make tree's dies after not getting rain for too long. Maybe with the concept of the new copper block and collisions going on, its possible now? Idk men, im not any developer or somthin
i cant wait for the update twomorro
YES
THEY ADDED IT
You can also make a mob head farm now :D
The update comes out tomorrow
Dripstone is better than anvil because they can make Dripstone cannon and Dripstone is easier to kill people rather than anvil because why you need to waste a lot of iron to 1 use trap?
Who would win? A very sturdy, hard to break, deep rocks or... a block of... moss? Am I reading this correct? I am? Ok... Tf... a moss block wins?... wha-... whe-... WHY!!?
Y’all idk why I’m here but it’s currently 8 June and it’s 10:30 am in my country. Heard that they might only release it at 3 pm GMT which is around 1:30 am, 9 June in my country. Got scammed so bad
Bedrock Players: **confused noises**
I love how he himself hasnt done a face reveal yet, but he reveals his sister's face
Skip i have minecraft java/bedrock/pocket edition in 1.17. 20.10
WHAT IS HIS SISTER INSTAGRAM
The night vision one is impractical. If you have lingering potions then you should also have shulker boxes so you can just put the potions in the shulker boxes
The Caildron Trap Was There Before 1.17  Yes Bedrock Superiority
4:31
Thanks!!
&
I have night vision texture pack😂😏
"you can simply his yourself with a dose" -Skip the Tutorial-
New lava cauldrons? Bedrock has had it for years LOL
Wait I've seen your sister before irl
Wait doesn't it come out tomorrow?
I was the 696,960th view. Why me? Of all the people to get this why me? WHAT CRIMES HAVE I COMMITTED?
people with long chins are gonna sub to u easily
I have a strong feeling you all are gonna be down bad for skipthetutorial's sister
Beans
WAIT
Man you are a genius love from Egypt 🇪🇬💖
Skip: *a small pay for a night vision*
Caves and cliffs is not out!
Me who still on 1.16
gamma 100 goes brr or just fullbright
I play on bedrock pe mostly but sometimes I do play on Java pc so when is the 1.17 update coming to bedrock? P.S. I haven’t played on Java in a while so I don’t know if it’s on Java yet.
I don’t have the cave update but I do have the nether update
Moss don't burn because it's so damp.  it makes sense.     Mmmmmmm chimken
Finally a video from him with ALMOST (at least) no java exclusives. Good video.
Finally a new video its been a long time
1.17 is releasing today!!!!!
Definitely gonna be using these 😀
DRIP LEAF AND DRIP AMONG US
Guess dream will be use that stalagmite trick in minecraft manhunt rematch
no one getting pass the sister reveal pls help.
I’m watching this on the day it came out :D
The cave update is tommorow
Btw guys mcpe already have a lava cauldron lol
when grown, the Big Dripleaf can actually destroy bedrock above it!
good job
I don’t want clients
And in bedrock edition if strays are killed by a charged creeper they drop wither skeleton skulls. So a super easy way to farm those for BE players.
Simple hacks: beans
Use a bag for the potions
yo, a pentation crossbow still gives tipped arrow effects, but you get your arrow back, so over an hour is an understatement
Hermitcraft: grass vs Muslim (I don't know if I spelled it right) Now grass and moss vs Muslim
candles is def a waste of item space...  they shouldve put somthin else in its palce :/
The pathetic attention markedly fade because lock terminally mourn abaft a lamentable ice. towering, ceaseless trouble
Im so exited to use this trap on my 1.16 hardcore world :) thanks😘
Yeah
11:12  WAIT WAIT WAAAAIII- If you're saying that if we "Bonemeal the sub button," does that mean we can duplicate it??? :o
I don't have the cave update 🙅😬😠🙅🙅😡😬😡😡😬🙅😠😡😬
I'm kinda disappointed cause my server can't update to 1.17 until the server that my server is on has to be updated first
M
Damn yo sister kinda bad tho
I don’t know why people still think cakes are expensive to make, villagers sell them for 1 emerald
UPDATE IS TOMORROW YAYAYAYYAYAYAY         this is like the airship update in among us
Lol
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23-For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9-That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10-For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
I need to play Minecraft again I’m missing out on a lot of things
Is the 1.17 Caves & Cliffs update is out? Im very curious because the discription on the game in app store still says 1.16.
The new cava update is only for computers I play on my bed rock addition in my Minecraft world on a thing and it doesn’t work there is no blocks new blocks
I did it with my chins again I unsubscribed and the resubed
@Skip the tutorial i have an idea hide dripleaf under carpet
Number 13 on trending
Isn’t this supposed to be released on the 8th
lol
Did you see that
Skip the tutorial at the first seconds : "i donno mc physic"
i did
2:22 Make that a dripleaf and bam!  Go afk and RIP
Is it already update?
Skop the tot
That end portal trap is just evil. I'm also absolutely, 100%, without a doubt doing this the INSTANT my server updates to 1.17 - like the FIRST thing I'm doing is finding me some stalactites and dumping those suckers in the end portal.
Hoi
I love these vids there so good 😊😊😊😊
sigh... all those people that don't have the new update. I watched this even though I dont have the update lol XD
Shadow
:O DID U CALLAB WITH GEMINI
lol he looked at a brown block and the sign said beans and a text on the screen said why did i make this
Heyy! It’s gemini tays cave!
Someone will turn their diamonds into moss by accident lmao 😂
yooooooooo the views
6:18 your so funny hahaha just like matpat
hehe i loved the beacons for pride month!!
I don’t have it!
Is it just me or does he sound like Nathaniel bandy
You can do the same thing you did with the lightning rods and replace them with end rods too!
I did it
Doesn't the space around the obsidian platform clear out when an entity comes in? Making the trick at 7:30 obsolete?
*but i play on 1.14*
Wow a sister reveal
Could you break bedrock using moss?
Though i found out rails work surprisingly well to keep out mobs, like REALLY well
The caves and cliffs update is cool but I feel like it’s just not the same so I think I’m just gonna stick to 1.16
8:33 Haha, you underestimate the power of full bright 😆
Everyday that Skip uploads is a good day
When is 1.17 coming, can anyone tell please
Beans
I didnt get the update yet :(
Did it 😂
When is the new update gona be releasd, please let us know, i already subbed, pppppllllleeeeeaaaasssseeee🥺🥺🥺
2:05 (lava cauldrons) bedrock already has it
Did you know fire resistance doesn’t work with fire cauldrons!! I know because bedrock got it first and I tested it!
0:36 dream watching this be like 👀                                                             👄
for 16 visual settings
2:30 that is the most expensive skeleton farm i have seen. thats amethyst tinted glass bro
This man is sponsored by moss
beans
Hi :)
1.17 is coming out tomorrow. Well part 1 is.
Wat do you mean the NEW lava cauldron that was possible when it was added or was that a bedrock thing?
THAT OS COOL I DID KNOW THAT 1.17 IS OUT THANK YOU
The spiteful february cytogenetically pop because desk virtually start without a tiresome greece. endurable, minor pond
Skip: And You can Use the Deep Slate for a stone and cobblestone variant Me The very moment I heard of mojang adding them after the live stream: THE COBBLESTONE UPDATE!!! Finally I can use a Different colour other than gray!!!!
but im on computer
I'M SO EXCITED ABOUT TOMORROW!!!! :)
ayo, you forgot something, you can use minecarts underwater, so yes, rails are underwater.
9:56 NOOOOO
I can't wait but the video new it was post 6 hours ago
@Skip the Tutorial Did you know by placing a door with a gap with stairs makes it possible to hit creepers on any mobs without attacking you?
Only java players need to wait for 1.17
That's so cool! Ty for the tips, and, beans.
Anyone else mad abt the cave update? No? Just me? ok
2:05 Bedrock Players: New Lava Cauldron? They aren't new.
Lol you just got the lava in cauldron? sometimes I love bedrock
Ooo
Wait caves and cliffs is out
Most of these are in 1.18, you probably didn’t know that caves and cliffs was 1.18, mojang anounced it the other day
As
For java players: minecraft caves For bedrock players: minecraft caves and cliffs. Lets hope that the cliffs update applies for the nether too. I wanna build a gold farm too mate.
with the stray thing, they also drop wither skulls when blown up by charged creepas
That world is Geminitays GIVE HER CREDIT SHE BUILT IT
isn't the bundle coming out in 1.18?
2:18 THAT’S GEMENITAY’S HOUSE :O
Why did i make this? beans sign
why do java players get so cool updates and is bedrock the one on microsoft store?
Skip the tutorial is the YouTuber I mostly watch
TLDR: moss blocks and bone meal.
a regen arrow is essentially a health shot. a saturation arrow could be a nutrition shot for when you can't eat, at the cost of some health a great many shots can be made.
I notice you say "pretty metal" in some of yer videos. You a metalhead?
Jesus loves you. He died on a cross to prove it. Repent to him today!
Minecraft 1.17 hacks in a nutshell   Bonemeal goes BRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
What does he mean by the “new” lava cauldron
DUUUUUDE, the powdered snow trick could be made into a macro
How
Yooo tomorrow blocks items are coming out
Imagine just getting lava in cauldron in 1.17 XD
Finally one more day until the full release of Caves & Cliffs!!!
DRIPstone
7:44  Dream: Maniacal plotting intensifies
0:48 .... i reconize the build anywhere. Geminitay
Am I the only one that unsubscribes so I can try hitting the subscribe button in a funny way?
I’m so excited for tommorow! Because I’m on bedrock
F
I CANT WAIT!
The stalactite launcher is practically a sniper rifle because   it’s very quiet and can go pretty far.
For the night vision thing, you can just have it in a bundle and put that bundle in another bundle that is also filled with potions
I didn’t get the update?
Is the caves and Cliffs update out
9:46 Mycelium war in a nutshell
no the best trap is astolfo idot
Hey the powered snow trick u seen on reddit last week
Is this for the Bedrock edition or the Java Edition?
Alternative title: moss.
How do you guys find amazing ideas?
Remember when people make giant skins, where one pixel was one block.... With bone meal farms, you can make a vegan-made skeleton model
I DON'T EVEN HAVE THIS UPDATE!!!
fun fact:  YOU CAN BREAK BEDROCK WITH MOSS :OOO
its gonna be out tomorow so how is it out on this day\
cooky
I am on bed rock so I can’t do Any of these
What is number 11? How does that have anything to do with automatic farms?
0:19 didn't realize what she was doing until the 5th time
8:42 couldn’t you just put the bottles in a bundle?
I'm so excited because part one of the 1.17 update comes out tomorrow for my platform :D
Yo thx you so much, this is so cool !
Do you know when it will appear in mobile?
&:43 Gorge: WRITE THAT DOWN WRITE THAT DOWN
Bedrock players when they see the thumbnail: *laughs in lava cauldrons*
In the night vision one just turn up the Rama to a high number
Thanks
I found a better way to level up villagers than just to trade with them normally. Every so often, you sometimes see that some villagers lower their price because you have been trading with them more often. Well, if you trade with them three times then exit the trading menu and enter it again, the bargain comes. It might not be that big of a difference, but it can really change how much you pay for leveling up the villager.
06:27  WadZee: hold my melon
Him: use night vison arowws to explor the new caves Also him: tiped arowws are like the most expensive items in the game
. . . .                      Beans
b e a n s
0:47 let me in pls.
6:27 please i beg of you HOW do I get that dark nether brick texture pack for BE
*sad bedrock noises*
"27 Simple Minecraft Hacks"  Online hackers watching this: *wuht dis klikbait? /?*
We got a sister reveal 😂
I’m hyped for tomorrow
NOOOOOOO 9:30
How do you get 1.17?
Scar wishes he could use moss in turf war.
8:48 But thats gonna take 2 slots of inventory, just use a bundle and put potions in there, the bundle takes one slot. Or if inventory is full, drop the potion you collect, drop the bundle, and you have a space for the potion back to drink, then drop the empty glass, pick the bundle and leave the glass on the floor so you have space in the bundle, that can be used to find other things cause your inventory is full.
was hat your sis or girlfriend
ngl his sister is beutiful!💕
Pls can I have a shout out, if you do them, I am a big fan and a new sub, just subbed but I have been watching you for a while! I love your videos!  Edit:  The update is coming this Wednesday
guys use the bag for the nightvision potions
I remember learning about stalagmites and stalactites in school
"Leaf the rest ;c
“Lets make the purple biome a bit more colorful.” *Hermitcraft The Fungis have joined the chat*
0:59 for one, maybe don't have repeaters without anything on the input side 😂
dang, all of these hacks and stuff makes minceraft logic look extremely wacky, like imagine doing this stuff irl
The new stone is like the new cave walls added in terraria 1.4
No one subs using their tongue
Bruh, I just saw A lucky charms commercial, lucky literally sounded like jacksepticeye
They removed bundles for now
The candles are probably my favorite part of the update
Aren't you all excited for tommorow's update!
Thank you for the video.
can you pin this because I have something to say  “The blue whale challenge is back please don’t attempt suicide and make sure you stay safe don’t do the challenge I know life is hard but it will get better and if it doesn’t get better then call someone who can help you!” It’s really dangerous and life is precious even tho it’s hard! I’m here for you and love you life will get better! 💔🥺
Bedrock player 1.17 traps the honey and lava i can do right now in 1.16
Hepsi buradanın güya indirim dediği şeyler daha ölümcül inanın bana <3
I can already think of about five 10,000IQ plays that dream will use in his next manhunt lol
I don’t have cave and cliffs yet cause I’m in bedrock edition
We need this right now, WHY HAVENT THEY RELEASED IT YET
wait its all uses for moss?  always has been
Im part of a very crazy smp where people do anything, i told my allies a couple days ago that theres no point of carrying fire res, now there is.
I did it
I subbed with my nose
what website did you use for the bundles?
This update is gonna be great
Will the 1.17 update go to mobile tomorrow?
EARLY!!!!!
Bundles r rly good
IM BEDROCK PLAY AND I STILL HAVE NOT GOT THE UPDATE THIS IS AN OUTRAGE UR MAKING ME SO JEALOUS WITH THIS VIDEO
I made a meme:  iron ore in inventory in 2020: 🙃 iron ore in inventory in 2022: 🤩
It out tomorrow!
Wait can you put potions in a bundle
That end portal dripstone trap is gonna be in every 1.17 server when it's released, I bet. Watch out...
I love these!!
me laughing painfully in bedrock
Lava cauldrons are in bedrock already
has it came out yet?
Just something for the trick 16, put 64 bottle in a bundle and it done, you have way more bottle for the same amount of time. If you d'ont have enough arrow, that make the trick.
beans
Jokes on you I knew the honey cauldron one from the thumbnail =)
People im bedrock editon lava in cauldron already have it
Hype is real
The toggle spiketrap is sort of bad because you can do it without the spike
This is real
I did think of the intro thing like when the cave & clifs update came on bedrock soo it is not so "New"
moss is so helpful
Be ready the 1.17 update is tommorow!!!
PART ONE OF 1.17 UPDATE IS TOMMOROW
The video 73% of the time: B O N E M E A L
Me with my hacked client misunderstanding the title be like
Skip the sister
To anyone who's not following all that much: New world generation, the warden and world max/floor height comes in 1.18. Expect it near the end of the year!
B) i dont watch yourube like a African        btw i am African so this is a joke for my own country, no hate
8:56 Thanos: A small price to pay for some vision
oh yeh fire resist works too
uh there is a way to get out in time if you have fire good enogh fire prot you can break the culdron and get out
You should have said 8:57 a small price to pay for salvation
Fun fact : even in water , you can burn yourself in lava caldroon , making the honey and lava caldroon trap more dagerous
NOOO IM ON BEDROCK
Yo 1.17 drops tomorrow pogg
wait a minute i thought it was tomorrow
me, a bedrock player😸
funny how tomorrow 1.17 comes out
Where's "one block Skyblock but every drop is random in Minecraft #5"?
Me a bedrock player : hmm interesting.
Tomorrow 1.17
1.17: the bone meal update
Please listen to me! In minecraft bedrock edition you can place lava into the couldron without 1.17 try it!
I'm surprised nobody is simping for the homie's sister. The internet has not let me down :)
*Dream : *watches this video , *sees the end trap** *Dream* : *now* *there* *is* *no* *way* *anyone* *can* *get* *to* *the* *end*
Alternate title : how to lose all your friends in one day
*3:54* No you look Grose! How dare you! These (savanna and badlands ones as well!) Grass and leaf blocks look amazing! *4:40* If you are a demon- then yes, kill your friends for no reason and heartlessly rob them. And... I guess you are one.
Thanks using my 1x1 piston door video as an example!:) Appreciated
I CANT BELIEVE ITS ACTUALLY COMING TOMORROW
Would you be able to destroy end portal frames or bedrock end city portals with the moss?
if you make the ceiling of the the lava trap close and make a big cube around the trap(solid cube) then it is inescapable even with ender pearls and chorus fruit
hi
Omg I have an idea what if we keep powdered snow above a dripleaf so you have to stand a set of time to get into youre super secret bass
No
1.17 is out tomorow
imagine using moss to mine then turning diamonds into the moss...
Can’t wait to see dream’s new tactics.
all my friends gonna be real angry after I finish trolling them
I'm exited when it comes out on bedrock me and my friends have a world and this will be helpful
1:50 theyd use commands to apply the armor as it doesnt get applyed when using bundle obv
Skip the tutorial: Sub or minecraft back to 1.16 Me: Im on bedrock 🙃
that is lit fire bro
Lava cauldrons? They aint new. Us bedrocker players had them sense colored beds.
Who knows that Minecraft pocket edition already have lava cauldron in 1.14 and 1.16
0:00
The busy bagpipe startlingly bless because trouble rarely pray below a sassy fiber. economic, watery weed
one more day
Skipthetuturial: arrows may hurt. Thanos: a small price to pay for night vision
wait do you have to buy caves and cliffs or is a update for bedrock and java?
Doesn’t the cave update come out on June 8 because I’m leaving to California on June 8 a.k.a. tomorrow
I don't even have the update yet
It’s not out yet the update or the axalotol update is not out ether
Pro you
Omg
Is no one gonna talk about the sister reveal? I found it hilarious
This so called update is a lie
My most wanted mystery: how many YouTube types in the channel says the YouTuber
11
I will just make the moving hay bale trap since hay bales are one of the blocks that break the same speed so matter what you hold, except for hoe I think but who carries that around
Im playing on 1.17 beta (xbox one) but i didn't find any of the new biome :/ how can i?
Did caves and cliff launch? please reply
ah yes moss the unstoppable god force it is
when 1.17 hasn’t released for you yet:  *sad panda death sounds*
But there are already lava cauldrons in Minecraft Bedrock
Tomorrow is the update lets go
When you only have the mobile version 👁💧👄💧👁
Skip: No one has subscribed with their chins Me using PC: lol ez
7:59 and it has the power to break bedrock
Noice
The real title is: moss obsession
Yo sis mad cute
9:30 BEANS
I went on Minecraft and there was no update
this is perfect ive been waiting for a skip upload
1.17 is out tomorrow
damn im gonna feel sorry for 2b2t players when they learn how to make the stalcite launchers and it updates
The fact that lava cauldron+honey traps don't work in Bedrock even though they had them since long ago proves how realistic bedrock was designed
6:17 StT made the hilarious pun ; And I'll leaf the rest for creative people like you  Lol 😂
RIP DIversity 3 was the last diversity map  ;n;   RIP
CAVES AND CLIFFS UPDATE TOMMOROW
Hello Skip, video and amazing video production I really like your video Too bad I'm not as good as you ❤
Red
I like your kudye
I did it
Bruh this guy helps us a lot. Love your videos ❤️
What is your sister Instagram it's for a friend
I'M SO HAPPY THE UPDATES TMRW
Bedrock edition Aw crap
Hi
The general gentle millimeter informally flood because mimosa molecularly ignore absent a utopian booklet. scared, lumpy semicircle
Anyone know when the update for caves and cliffs is coming to Minecraft on Xbox 1?
Drip stone has some drip
5 Simple Hacks for 1.17 Minecraft Update (works in almost every version) 1.) Fly hacks 2.) Speed hacks 3.) Trident boost 4.) Killaura 5.) Beehop and a bunch more
i just relized what a pain its going to be for 1.17 in bedrock
alternate video title: usfull ways to use the moss block in 1.17
Hi
noone gonna talk about his sister tho? ;)
2:05 wait, Haven’t we had the lava cauldron since 1.9?
Bedrock edition sucks
hacz
Can’t you mine the cauldron?
BEANS
Every video makes me happier!
I’m sad ‘bout the new ore textures D:
7evan7 will definitely telly bridge with powdered snow
One day till the big day boys! Everyone suit up cause it’s almost time!
hello
Why is he always using geminitays survival world download? Just wondering, 🤔 by the way I love this vid👍🏻
best part of the bone meal farm it fuels itself
Make a survival series
Me on nearly every video: *unsubscribes but then literally tries to re-subscribe with whatever body part u say in the video* Am I the only one?
IT COMES OUT FOR BEDROCK TOMARROW 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Did anyone else notice that he called lava couldrens new
Finally tomorrow 1.17 will be released!!!
Ooo caves and cliffs is coming tomorrow
Boy yo sis lookin FIIIIIIIIINNNNEEEEE
The drift Leaf will hold a anvil but drop a feather minecraft loves Physics ;)
7:40 THATS ALOT OF DAMAGE!
Hi
The scicraft boys should try putting some stalactite in the ender pearl cannon and launch it millions of blocks
Day 1 of hitting the sub button the way skip tell me to
It's tommorrow
cute sis bro
1.17 looks cool I haven’t seen anything on it since my Xbox broke a couple months ago 😪😪😪
I love your videos
I get the update tomorrow :)
I’m ok
Why would I want to terraform a mushroom island? F U N G U S  G O O D
Thanks for the shout out! I had a ton of fun designing an auto farm for every new 1.17 item.
Fun fact: Moss can replace bedrock.
I can see Dream using number 14 in his future manhunts
Hi
This end portal and that pointy thing fact is gonna make 1.17 manhunt very difficult for dream and very easy fir hunters
WHY CANT IN UPDATE MINECRAFT ON MOLBILE
2:30 *Potions do not resist lava in cauldrons*
This video was literally 80% him talking about moss
8:38 An alternative to night vision arrows would be putting a ton of potions in a bundle, therefore only using one slot. You also wouldn’t take damage, and wouldn’t need to carry a bow in case you need some more space for diamonds! 💎
I’m shook with this IT LOOKS LIKE A MOD! (only a bit tho)
face reveal?
0:20 im a the only one who looked or what😅😅
It is 7th of jun but still no cave update
Do any/all of these work on bedrock edition too?
10:41 if the dripstone counts as an entity then technically speaking you could drop dripstone around a lit piece of TNT to make a scattershot
1 more day till 1.17
For the lava honey block trap you can also put honey blocks on the side to keep them in better
Bro these are amazing can't wait to forget using them when the update drops
Hmm
Java players: yes this is such a cool lava cauldron hack can't wait to use it Bedrock players: you utter fool for i can already use this
I am so gonna mosify a schroom island. thx man!
ok
dont worry impact clients free
It’s all fun and games until you make a drip stone cannon
Makes me wish I had minecraft Java
I just realized, you can technically stack potions with bundles.
9:48 you have provoked a gang war
whatDo you mean I've had lava cauldron since I've been born seriously
Tell me that the moss blocks don’t look like weed 😂
huii
We need to get another video of random drops one block skyblock
i bonemealed it it turned red tho not green
Who else feels that Skip The Tutorial is the Bright Side of the Minecraft Community?
As someone who is still playing the education edition, we are still waiting for 1.16 to come out. It really makes beating the game hard.
Stop doing these irl subscribe challenges. I liked it better when you did the subscribe challenges in Minecraft
Oh ya it's out tomorrow
I still don't have 1.17 :(   T_T
Stray farms are even better in bedrock addition because when they are killed by a charged creeper they drop a wither skeleton skull.
Your sister is so beautiful
5:07 eating a bunch of cake stampy approved
is it just me who does the subscribe to channle challege and then unsub
Why did you have to say grandma because my grandma past away:(
I aprove , Also , this isnt thé cave update, This is the Moss update
Idk if this is early or no
Im on bedrock and tomorrow the 1.17 update is tomorrow
Stop the 1.17 you're spoiling it for me because I'm not on PC I'm on Playstation so I usually can't play it yet although I can play Minecraft in general
Am I the only one who unsubscribes and resubs by doing the challenge?
Our boy got us covered even before the update officially came in
I bet Rays works will comment! 🙂
Maybe early
Wow the snow powder is already in beta bruh java sucks and lava cauldron too like what is java
I unsubbed just to try Grandma's challenge. It worked
Yay bean burrito juice
me on my way to godbridge with powder snow
tip: instead of crafting arrows you can dip arrows in a cauldron full of potion liquid this tip is useful if the end IS off limits
7:40 I can hear Dream crying already
Wait i thought 1.17 was comming out tomorrow, not today
I’m super excited for the update tomorrow!!! :D
Oooh, the dripstone falling in the end portal will be the next hunter trap    Also in my manhunts
Man I've been stuck in bed all day and your vid help me
1:17
my friends are gonna giggety giggety get pranked, Thanks skip!
You can use the bunndle four the potions
OK SO NOBODY IS TALKING ABOUT HIS SISTER
Get it it’s the “drip” leaf plant
Everyone: FACE REVEAL!  Nobody: Skip the Tutorial: SISTER REVEAL!
If only I could buy minecraft 😭😭
1:55 There will be no more diversity maps. qmagnet confirmed it after diversity 3 came out. He'll only be making bedrock maps from now on because he doesn't get paid for making free Java maps
tomorrow and the 1.17 update is officially out
You should upload *WAY* more, every time I see a notification that you uploaded another video my day gets better!
Happy pride month
B E A N S
sister reveal????????????
Too bad bundles won't be included I think
THE 1.17 UPDATE FOR MINECRAFT PE IS COMING TOMORROW AAAAAAAAAA!
anyone else think about that eventually he is gunna run out of body parts to use to press the sub button
I see  sister reveal lol
Gotta love the new cannon at the end of the video
9:53 H.E.P would like to know your location
Watching this when it's 1 hour old.
Pls donet take it back
Omg this Video is so GOOOOOOD!!
is your name Aidan??????
Lol
Dude there isn't  a cookie named *good one* why you are always forcing me to have it.
I can put your voice in my alarm for a good day 😊
How bonemeal was weaponized on 2B2T
Java edition : why hello cave update! *cave update goes to java* Bedrock edition : whattup cave update- *cave update rejected bedrock*
CAVES AND CLIFFS RELEASE IS TOMMOROW
2:28, ya know, it doesn't work 4 some reason, so... NO ESCAPE C :
9:50  You know what this reminds me of something      THE RESISTANCE!
You can make wireless doors with sculler blocks
Love ur vids, Skip Btw does minecraftd already go back to 1.16.5 if you already subscribed so not able to press the button again or you unsub ?
Unpopular opinion: Minecraft was better before 1.17
I learn more from this guys channel than I will ever learn in school
Im watching not being able do anything in this video because the caves and cliffs update hasn’t come out on iOS yet ):   Edit: i just found out its supposed to come out tomorrow on ios
Unpopular opinion: Minecraft didn’t need a cave update
0:52 what if you place that with no leather boots on? Would it save you from death by falling?
That trick at 7:45 is 100% going to be used for a manhunt video.
1:20 They can't do that if they're in adventure mode, which is usual on maps
Don’t care if it goes back
No. 🙂
Cake ladder: exists  Stampy: Y E S
Me: Welp, time for school. StT: Are you sure?! Me: School can wait.
The update comes out on my last day of school, maybe the best day of my life
#16 was always there
I just use end rods for my entrances and not lighting rods
I want 1.17 but is not here yet
4:32 grians watching this carefully to kill iskall in the next season of hermitcraft.
i’m trying that honey lava thing NOW i play bedrock btw
When does the new update come out?
Very good.
is it only me who noticed the server he was showing for an example of a type of server was purple prisons
Notice.
In more hyped for part 2 then part one  But at the end of the day, We all are hyped about both parts. Am I right?
I’m planning on making a pvp arena with a warden. It’ll be a maze and the warden will be in the middle of it
You think a midline laptop from the early 2010s will run minecraft? Meh. Probably about time to upgrade anyway.
The best trap is definitely Astolfo
these are like those life hacks i see but like actually useful
Skip , why are you in @Geminitays  world 😨 It’s single player ...
Cool I saw the powder snow thing on r/minecraft I always find it fascinating !
when u make so many cannons its raining tnt for miles
I have been watching your videos since 2018 and still you are one of favourite. You are better than sub's world.
I have had an idea for the candles instead of using a torch you can use candles for a light if you make a Library desk it would look much better
5 minute crafts for caves g cliffs
Am I the only one who re-subs every episode?
We already have lava cauldrons in bedrock
45 mins ago yasss
You just got a new subscriber
SKIP THE JAMESJELLY BOIS
How you get hte update
This is gems 1.16 world right
Skip:the new lava cauldrons.  Pocket/Bedrock players:What new thing?
Can't wait.... but I have too because its scheduled to release tomorrow.
Your channel name is "*skip the tutorial*" so i skipped all of them
What’s gonna be the point of shulkers if you can just get cheaper version
1000 comment woo🎉🥳🎊
bundle is for 1.18!! i am an angry commenter!
9:30 beans.
I did it
Ayes
okay
Before 1000 comments
Hmmm..
i hate you trying to cunvense peaple to sub
"Bonemeal that sub button." Never heard that one before.
I did sub in 0000000000.0000000000001 nano secs
9:30 bro he made the *_Beeeeeeans WTF_*
Skip: Just use honey blocks and lava cauldron and boom you can't escape it Dream: Hmmmmmm...
Last I knew, changing skeletons with powdered snow did not change the base loot table for them.
y’know lava coldrouns are in the game for bedrock
The drip leaf if you put sand one it still works quick sand
Why is this a cave update video without the new ore textures?
I cant wait to see grian use #8 on Iskall in Hermitcraft S8
Can't you just put a bunch of night vision potions in a bundle? That would save space the same way as the arrows and you could still get the maximum time for potions.
8:36  pro tip: type %appdata% in windows search bar, open .minecraft folder, open options.txt file and change gamma to 1000.   It will be brighter than the potions and for free ;)
.16 use a night vision texture pack
E
Can’t wait for tomorrow!
why do u keep saying stuff like "The youtube _____ bets me that you can't subscribe while ____________. So prove them wrong. no im not subscribing thanks very much.
I didn't realize so many features were actually in 1.17 I thought most of the good stuff had been pushed into 1.18.
So stalagmites are instakill! Jesus!! You can kill anything now!!!
the moss block is the most useful thing in the update
shulker boxes what ever game ur playing it wont work player i know but he can baggggggggg
1.17 is in 6 bays
so everyone is just gonna ignore the cliff part of the update...
i would never know this
First hour
Got to this so early! Wow! (57 mins.)
Sis ro gf
Hyped for new update tomorrow so exiting
Can miss blocks turn ores into moss too?
First  :). :D
Now none of these traps will work on my friends cuz all of my friends watch this man so they are now aware
KEEP TOMMYINNIT AWAY FROM SKIP SKIP HAS A SISTER
You question the words of the mighty Jimmy
cat approves
Here's a little game, $1 everytime you said "Huh, I didn't know that," while watching STT's video.
If that's your real sister would you like a brother in law
Wow
I can't do the challenge cuz I'm on PC
They are probably going to change the skeleton farm to be like the drowned farm
Tomorrow i think it comes out!!!
Skip: you can drop dripstone through end portal to do a high damage Dream: note that
1:40 uhmmm what but those are non-stackable items so they couldn't be in there together
W
7:41 just wait till dream uses this in his manhunt lol
Tomorrow 1.17
sister reveal or gf
O N E     M O R E     D A Y Y Y ! ! !
The bustling blanket kelly wriggle because beet atypically stuff alongside a next mole. tender tense, brave index
Ah yes, powder snow. My favourite bucket
First! And will *absolutely* not use them in Multiplayer!
Just simple u know
beans
I can't believe it!
5:45 is that true?
YouTube grandma's pog
Finally its out
WOWOWOW DID HE USED GEM'S HARDCORE WORLD IN THIS VIDEO?? AHHHHH
First
Bedrock players:I've seen this one(lava cauldrons)  Java players:What do you mean you've seen it,it's brand new
7:27, definetly would work for a dream manhunt
good video, great channel, MINECRAFT GOD
Ok
Congratulations to everyone who found this comment I hope you be successful in life ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I hope ps4 gets 1.17
9:30 B E A N S
9:30 yes.
amogus
When caves and cliffs rolls 'round, i'm building a statue of liberty near the ocean. All I need is $30 and a trip to manhattan to view.
7:35 - anarchy players be like:"Its free real estate"
Prank timeee!!
9:30 beans
The fact that I play PE edition .-.
Me that is on bedrock
grama is right
EARLY
Hi
Ok but why a cauldron you can just use a bucket of lava
I -Hate- this guy ngl if its about building JK your content is good now i actually can make my friend loses to trap 1v1
Make a every thing new in 1.17 update I can’t read that now have to revise
hoa.
Next video: Skip: no one has subscribed with their heels
Hi
Are we going to talk about how some of these are just traps and other shenanigans?
The dumb thing is that traps don't work on my smp cause everyone including me are sweats. So we're always stacked not to die.
Pls do 1.17 traps video
hmm the first one was coincidentally posted on r/minecraft
I can’t wait for the update tomorrow
E
Oh my gosh, if Grian finds out about number four things in 3rd life are gonna escalate real quick 👀
Skip the tutorial: will you please listen? I'm not the messiah! Minecraft players: HE IS THE MESSIAH
I cried cos I can't get 1.17
Skip says that his redstone knowhow is bad Me: Really? 0:57
hey dan you should use that skeleton spanner on your hardcore worl.......... oh wait never mind
So excited that it’s coming tomorrow!
5:11 just use a bube elevator or ladder
AHHH IM 36 MINUTES EARLY!!!! AAAAAAAAH
Me who is currently on 1.16: Bruh
1 more day
Next day will be 1.17!!🤩Finnaly but i lose my world D:
I'm actually early to this and thats rare
Wow!
I should check if 17.221 is out for Minecraft bedrock edition
pig camp
Man, I wish I had sister
Pog
0:49 that looks like GeminiTays seed and builds :o
Lava cauldren. Me: Pearl?
me watching: *Cries in education edition*
I unsubscribe before every video to make sure I can do his crazy challenge 🤫
2:04 confuzed me because i play bedrock
7:40  Dream: hmm another big brain time
i want ur sister lmfao 10/10
#14 is gonna be used by Dream in the next manhunt
Wow we are getting an update for fortnite and Minecraft I play both but Minecraft is the best
Ooooo
2:40 Java player i think have a little jealous of Bedrock player because if the charge creeper has explode in Stray it will drop the wither head in Bedrock edition, but din't in java
You can get unlimited lava by placing dripstonr below a lava source block and a cauldron beneath the dripstone
ah, I'm gonna use some of those hacks for my upcoming 1.17 world.
Hjhuhh
yey
What
don't mind me waiting for dream to find more ways to break the system
Hi
i got broken chins no
moss: the bedrock destroyer
1:15 I am using a laptop :(. I was not able to unsubscribe and subscribe again. I am sorry :(
This is new to me beacase I only have bedrock
Love it
I am first and I skipped the tutorial        Or I gues the full video
Wait but I play bedrock  😔
Me : there's new things? 👁️👄👁️  *Runs to laptop*
Anyone else think that the bundle satisfy you in a way-
Hi I am subscribed and notified
Soul torch stops piglin from spawning
90% of the video: BONEMEAL!
Skip:How about we try to take the grey hues out o- Mycelium resistance:We don’t like that
Quality Content
Thanks
Hi like your vids
finally, angry dripstone
751st comment
I can't wait till tomorrow
In other words, Moss Blocks and bonemeal=OP.
I think i will just use candles tbh now
0:19
Im sad i feel like every one is bullying me
8:48: Why don't we just use *gamma* ?
Ayo your sister is a madness
When does the cave edition come to bead Rock :)
did it
Love these videos
Sadly u can't bcz I using tlauncher for some reason it can
Keep up the good content!
When does the update come out?
This is perfect timing
Noice
I hope your video gets some more likes quickly because those are good ideas for 1.17
Hey boi
Ello
M
You can drop 100 anvils on a drip leaf, but hitting your drop button whilst holding a feather can cause a dripleaf to be like "Aight, imma head out"
Kind of early
Video idea: Showing all of my minecraft worlds
I love your vids and I have notifications on also I am subbed
I feel like I’m hacking now
Hi!
Is this for java?
dream would like that snow bucket for a clutch
Your video ks cool
1.17 out Tomorrow
Im just exited for mountins
get tricked
Skip the tutorial comment that is pinned us 12 hours old Video : uploaded 15 minutes ago
What I have learned from this video, MOSS IS BEAST
I watch these and act like I'm gonna use them knowing I don't even know how a piston works
666 comment
Imagine drip leaves being used in miniganes as the new version of tnt runs since they go backup and slowly descent,it should probably be more fun especially if there's more people(you'd never know if the drip leaf is collapsing)
2:03 if they got end-game gear they will tank some hits from lava,just enough to break the cauldron
Haha "new" lava cauldrons
I play on bedrock
Ah! 20 new shorts
Imagine your just walking around having a good day outside, then out of nowhere a falling piece of rock hits you in the face and you die.
epic
Im still waiting for the king of cards episode, Skip
646 nd comment
wait, isnt the stalactite trap work the same without the stalactite?
next: the youtube wizard says that no one has ever subscribed using their hair
EARLY >:P
Everyone crazy about lava bucket  Me laughs in bedrock
Tommrow is the update lol
Mhh 1.19 be like =  Swamp update?  Savana update?   Ender update?    Void Update?   (￣▽￣)
THis is not useful
The sound on the start is so good
Do bundles exist still?
thats is the simplest entrance I have ever seen thats defended
ur sister is cute
Cant wait for tomorrow although I have exams.
Im familiar with conventional explosive tnt canon artillery but that is genius
Putting lava in a cauldron is not new
Sister reveal lol
Whatever happened to sKip The Tutorial? :0
I am at to 5 comments now  Refreshs ho st
I subscribed and got notifications im a BIGGGGGGGGG FAN
He is named skip the tutorial because he tells us everything we need to know so we don’t have to do the tutorial, But hey that’s just a video theory, thx for listening
Can you make one of these for BEDROCK edition, and not Java edition
The question is how can i make a underground base like normal minecraft in 1.17
Wajt there's blocks of raw iron and raw gold now omg that is one thing I didn't know about
The people who are waiting for 1.17 👇
Ur voice is SO calming damnnn
Fun fact : before 1.17 treres os a glich with shulker boxes
Hello
Give this video to Grian so that his traps work.
Ok this video feels weird because I just watched Sapnap react to Mr. Beast's 100,000 tag video and it feels like Skip the Tutorial is reacting to his own video and it just feels weird
I COMPLETED EVERY « slap that sub button with … »
Was it actually his sister at the beginning?
New lava cauldrons Bedrock players:
Cant wait for the day
I have school rn, but ik this is way more important
I dare you to make content other than minecraft lol
Do more minecraft  but
8 minutes ago! :)
YESSSS. I GOT SKIP TO LIE I SUB AND UNSUB IN DIFFERENT WAYS ALL THE TIME, AN I FINALLY GOTEM
i don't have 1.17
hey! can i please have the song near the start of the video? (not the intro)
Sheez
When you realize the ultra large caves n cliffs r coming only in the winter... I've won... bt at what cost...
Cool
Dream should absolutely use the powdered snow trick
huge fan this side
Cool
guys its fine 1.16 is bette- HELP
Minecraft community: makes memes about cave update   Minecraft:  they wanna cave update we will give em a cave update
I'm one of the 500 people who saw this Y A YY
“the new lava cauldrons”   *laughs in bedrock*
java and vanilla had to wait to be able to put lava in cauldrons
5 minutes
oh btw there s a glitch in bedrock that allows you to get wither skulls from a husk using charged creepers. They call it the BEACON FACTORY
alternate titel) 20 Simple Hacks for 1.17 Minecraft Update that you will forget existed or wont even attempt to recreate some of them.
5:00 THAT'S GEMINITAY'S SURVIVAL WORLD
Toggeble Spike Trap is very good for Trapping someone else on Minecraft.
I haven't watched the video yet
...
woooo!!
500
Hoi
Nice hacks I'll use them
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Hi
466 COMMENTS IN 3 MINUTES!?!?  Also, you are the reason I like everything ever in minecraft, EXCEPT THAT THE'RE AREN'T VERTICAL SLABS >:(
Have a simple day
Interesting
1.17 comes out tomorrow.....
👍👌
Did you know that the lava cauldron is actually originally from the Bedrock edition
Minecraft is coming at June 8 / tomorrow
Thx for making ways to not be bored
Hello
hallo dise help me
How did u find this??????comment how u did👇
Omg hi
WOW
Yo I did not know this
Me playing bedrock: *dying inside but still watching video anyway*
These are interesting
The Fact That He's Videos Always Make Our Days Better ❤️🧡☺️
What  Am i that early
Proof that the Algorithm is now broken: 5 views, 593 likes, and 4 dislikes.
First since nobody called it
Anyone that is early, *welcome to Botlandia.*
No.
455th
20 second finally
Wow! Great video!
WOW these are cool ✌️✨
Lol almost first to watch video
445th comment
Oh my God I saw this less than 1m after it realed
Can’t wait for tomorrow
Bro these vids are so good!!!!!
Is this update out for bedrock yet?
pog
Early 2 min to 10 min gang
3790th view
I'm so excited for 1.17
1.17 update is the best
2 minutes early LOOL
427th
Love the vid
Early HOW 99 COMMENT ITS BEEN 17 SECCCC
yay it comes out tommorow!! i cant believe it this is gonna be so helpful
I love 1.17!!!!1!1!1!1!1!
can't wait to make all of my friends incredibly angry
This 11 minute video was uploaded 1 minute ago and has 1K views        Somethings not right here
Hi
Minecraft 1.17 not even released yet,  Skip the tutorial: would you like the skip the tutorial?
Its still 1.16 in this alternate universe :(
Makes my day
gud
i am here at 1 min lol
Last time I was this early Minecraft wasn't releases yet.
first :troll:
Anyone else excited for 1.17?! :D
I didn't even get notif I just found this and it was 1 min old
A Normal Comment
It is op
Minecraft
YESSSS ITS COMING OUT TOMORROW OR FOR YOU AUSTRALIAN FOLKS TODAY!!
I literally skip the tutorials
A lot of comments in a minute 361 cpm (comments per minute)
First
LOVE THE CHANNEL
early              early            early
when yt recominded is faster than notifications
I was quite literally watching a whole bunch of 1.17 videos to try to prepare and this is exactly what I needed
Finally early
Beep  Beep
i got the secent like
The fact that when you comment the fact they will read the whole sentence and you just waste your time reading this 😂
Does he reply?
Love your vids. Keep up the good work
I’m the most excited about the axolotlsss
"i was about to say first but i remembered that I have a brain 🧠"          -a random guy from the internet
IM THE 5th PERSON TO WATCH THIS POGGGS
YEEEEEEET
I will do this tomorrow in my Minecraft world :)
It's funny that I watch all of Skip the Tutorial's videos yet my skills on Minecraft are worse than letting my dog play it ._.
omg I'm hacking with these "features" ._.
I have watched your videos since the nether update and I love them!
Cool  Fun fact : I haven't seen it yet 😄
Hi
Nice video!
Early gang rise up!
4 views.. BUT 99 COMMENTS!?!?!??
hi bro im early
.
damnnn, im so early, and of course there are more comments than views.   XD another cool video!
Skip the Tutorial: *uploads* Everybody: A Blessing from the lord!
Early again
Tomorrow is 1.17 part 1 bois. Les GOOOOOO
Man can't wait for 1.17.  Edit: it might already been released but idk for bedrock or console like me and yes i do play on console
Second to comment! Love your videos skip! I made a world with lots of things from your videos, very helpful, thank you 👍🏻
4 views 300 comments. Doing great as always youtube
Will it come tomorrow
Everyone saying 1st and I'm here enjoying da vid
1 minute early
You know you are early when you dont know what to comment
I just want to say thank you for all the tips and hacks you have provided I love to play Minecraft and you have helped me so much keep up the great work and have a wonderful day
I did not know
Hi
Yes,brand new video!A blessing!
1.17 is pog
good nice excellent
hi
When will caves and cliffs come on bedrock
LOL
Under 10 views
Grate videos ceep it up
First (atleast that's what my screen shows)
Pleas heart me skip
First
𝕔𝕠𝕠𝕝 𝕙𝕒𝕔𝕜𝕤 𝕕𝕦𝕕𝕖
Early squad
I was a 231st person to like the video @skip the tutorial
I'm looking forward to putting villagers in cauldrons and let lava drip on them
Tomorrow is 1.17 update 👍
I m the first to comment on this video
cool
Skip the resume
290
One day this update will become so normal that it'll feel boring
Early
Himur awsome
Hi
No
Wow can i get a heart
Skip the tutorial pls
These are the best
Nice
First! lets gooooo
I’m the 4th person to see this
Amazing
first
Hi
First
e
This always makes my day after a bad day
EARLY OMG
WOOOOOOOO!
First
Frist
I love these videos
Heyy
i like this chanel
1st
Hey
Ho zee
Good stuff
1st
Hi
Thanks skip I now know a lot of cool things about mc thanks for the info!
1st comment pog
Well there goes my strip mine plans for my hardcore world
First
I feel like 1.17 is gonna be boring
Pog
First
How about A Steves History From 2009 to 2021
I love ur videos man...keep up the excellent work
Yehay im firts
Nyc points
Cool
First
a
Ah
4 views, 25 likes, 128 comments.
Yay new vid Best youtuber ever
Hi
Minecraft
I’m first to comment pin me pls
Hi
6th comment
Who’s excited
e
Nice :)
Yeah
Who's exited for tomorrow?
First
I just finished a video and you popped up
Huh
Hi
Holy crap 20 seconds late
I love your vids
First to react
i love these vids a bit too much
first
Hu
This guy saves so much time and its creative
New banger video let's go
I Subscribed!
Last time i was so early minecraft was still called minegame
I am here
Ok
So cool
No I'm not
Second love you from Pakistan how are you please reply
i just got the notification i like the 1st view
Hello there pin the comment pls
Grt
I clicked faster than my dad left me for milk.
Hulloo
Skip you're the best YouTuber ever
I just skipped the tutorial
Early
FIRST
Mincraft
Im not first
Bro this are amazing can’t wait to try them
I deserve a heart bro🙂
poggers
Well done sire
SECOND PLACE
first
Yes i am first
Early
Heyyy, love your content
YOOO WSP BROO
16 Second early
Hi
Don’t let grain see this
S
How i am the 👊 fist
Cant wait till it comes to bedrock
But first comment
First comment
First
Nice
Good
first commend
Hi
Hello
First
Bean
hello
First
First to Tracy!!!
*i bet this well get 1m views*
Probably not first
hi
These videos brighten my day when they’re released
I'm first
EARLYY!!!!
Yooo
Breh
Basically first
First
First
Hi
Pog
Yoô
10TH
Hi
Hey nice video
First
sup
Can we appreciate him for never making us bored.
Nice
omg hey
I am so hyped
Hey skip!
First
First view
no way im actually eaerly
First
E
first
First other than Skip EDIT: I guess not...
E
Yes
early
Hi
Wooo
First. This will be good
Hello! I love your videos.🧡
First
First!
E
Hi
Me when sknip tortal
Wow, im almost first
E
First
Yo!..
Hi
Hi
First
Ealry
cool
E
Return of the king
If you heart this you will get 5 million subscribers
Lol
First
First
Hi
Not first
I’m actually the first
Ok
nice
First
I like
Ooh
Yessirrr keep up the great work!
Not first
1.17 cal
Early
EARLY
Not first
Number 4
YAYYAYAYAYAYA
E
first
Hello
First
Oww
Hi
First
J
First
2 secondo ago and 4 wiews cool
first
YOOOO NEW VIDEO
Yes
Hi love the channel
Yay
1st
Yes
First
Hi
Hiiiii
FirstfF
E
Hi
1st
Subscribe, or Minecraft goes back to 1.16
