Like this comment did you’re watching before 100,000 views!
Just got these irons £600 for 4 to pw bargain
Just picked up a new set of these for £499 ..
when it comes to golf clubs, the most important things is accuracy, distance, durability and consistency.  Looks are not that Important.
what drive does he use
I’ve just purchased a brand new full set 4-PW for of the P.7MC, absolutely loved them on the range today! Can’t wait to get them out on the course
It’s not the club that get you out of bad lies 🙄
Beautiful irons, but man that price is rough
how long did these stay in for?
Ive been bingeing your videos for the last couple days, your editing is amazing, love the style of your videos and your advice is very useful, keep it up man!
I want these irons!!! They can't be bad they have my initials on them. I need lh stiff shaft.
Does MC stand for Missed Cut?
Put them back IN YOUR BAG RICK!!!!!! I PROMISE YOU DISPERSION IS MUCH BETTER THAN THE T100 YOUR PLAYING NOW! I FOLLOW YOUR VIDEOS! JUST TRY IT!
How much have u spent on clubs???
The Taylor Made P7MC irons remind me of my 2003 Nike Pro Forged Combo irons, which I still play, and still love.
Are these good for a 15 hc , looking at getting them used 🤔 would It be better to get something else
To much offset for me
You have a new set of irons every 4 months
You did a mishit test with the blade but not with he MC...why? My guess is if you had you would have gotten a similar result. Meaning you can hit a bad shot with any club and a toe shot loses distance always but if it stays relatively on line then its a pretty stable club. I'd love to hear your thoughts?
Nice video. I have a set 4-PW with a vokey 56* SW. What wedge do you recommend to fill the gap btwn the PW and SW??
It's a darn good thing there's dozens and dozens of clubs out there or you wouldn't have a site! Christ man, every time we turn around you have ANOTHER new and favorite club or set!  Most of us out here have one, maybe two sets of irons and a few drivers up against the wall along with altogether too many putters and twenty or so "longest ball" varieties!  I guess one or two more won't hurt.  Keep 'em coming!
Keep having fun. Don't get too concerned with the channel, it will take care of itself, as it has over the years, as you and your band of brothers have fun playing golf. Keep it fun Rick and you'll have 10 million before you know it. Happy holidays from across the pond.
Rick should be playing the P770s.  A better fit for his on course handicap (versus his handicap hitting off mats).  #bigboypantsgolf
Picked up a used set a couple weeks ago. Tried the p770, p790, etc. These are the sweet spot for a low handicap. They’re butter sweet.
I want these irons. I have been looking at them for awhile. But I can't afford them so if anybody wants to buy them for this old vet I need lh stiff shaft.
Rick have you compared the 7MC to the 2017 P770's? they look the same. I play with the old 770's and like them.
Love your attitude. Positively realistic.
I have the new P790 3iron, P770 4-7 and P7MC 8-PW- great combo set.
No-after 100,000. I have learned a lot from you.
Just ordered these today, Project x 6.5 so excited! Love you game man but how do you play without a towel
Amateur observation are you supposed to tie glove off after every shot
Why do you say zed for z do you say zedbra instead of zebra
they look like the RAC OS
Collin Morikawa and Rick have the same taste in clubs, makes sense!
Hi, do you get fitted for the irons you critique?
2nd time watching , I’m a 8 handicap and want a more forgiving iron, currently play the P7TW and want a little more distance with control .
Just had these fitted can’t wait to try them 👍
And a week later….. I’m looking for new irons
Rick those irons look class, please can I have you old irons . Mine are older than my son.
This looks like the same location he was hitting the ping blueprints from.
Looking at a new set of irons in the next couple of weeks.  I've got a fitting for some Orkas this week.  Those TMs looked nice though.
The neat nurse seasonally work because cymbal characteristically reproduce past a obeisant mail. internal, redundant hawk
Rick what is your opinion on forgiveness between the new 790 and the p7 MC ?? regards
What driver you got in the bag Rick?
Your golfing irons, whither they are Ping, TM, Titleist, Calloway, Mizuno etc, will be the biggest decision a golfer makes. Especially with the prices now compared at the Start of the 21st century. I thought for example that £549 for a set of Ping I3 were expensive. We don't have the luxury of taking clubs out on the course trying prior to buying. I was once at Gleneagles Golf Club about to play the PGA Centenary Course, there was a Calloway Rep at the driving range, I was looking for a new 3 wood. He handed me a 3 wood, looked great, felt even better especially when hitting 275 yards, it was a pound a yard. The club, the shaft were perfect, but couldn't afford it. 10 shots carried 265yds.
I looked on Taylormades website about 3 weeks ago and these were the clubs I picked out. I happen to stumble across this video and now I’m even more sold on them then I was before. Thank you for your love of golf and sharing knowledge with us so that we can not only get the best out of our game but also have an idea of hardware we wanna buy with out spending lots of money testing 50 clubs before we’re satisfied!
Thanks for the great video. After 12 years I have finally ungraded my irons to the MC's. First round with them today and I cannot wait.
Need some legit advice. I'm looking to switch out of my Tommy Armour 845s irons, but love the feel and lofts, 14 handicap, what level of irons should I be looking at?
I’m putting these in the bag as well!!!!
These things sound absolutely...mua! *chefs kiss*
"I'm a visual person when it comes to looks"
£859 7 months later!
Dude this guy switched clubs all the time. Meanwhile Freddie Couples has been playing the same irons, driver, etc.. for more than a decade.  He played a used women’s 3 wood that he got from Tom Watsons garage.
can you please do a video on what effect does bending the loft of a club have on bounce of a club and playability
Music selection is nice.
I just tweeted you about an iron between a cavity and a blade and I Think I just found my next set.  I currently using Cleveland TA3's. Yes. From 1999.
Rick, what kind of Driver were you using when you tested these P-7MC's?
from a distance, it seems the old tp.
Where is this hat from ? I can’t find it online anywhere
MidTeen to pro golfer's & higj price  makes these clubs unobtainable for me.
7:16 what a golf shot that was Rick 👏🏼
It would be an honor to play golf with you
Rick, how is the durability? I have seen some reviews saying they dent and scratch just by having them in the bag and walking. Looking at these and the 770s but want a club that won’t get banged up by just having them in the bag.
hey Rick just thought i would drop a line & ask about the ben hogan irons in the last video found them to be beautiful & you hit them really well but i was not completely sold on them from the short video of them im watching this video now & would really like to see a more intensive breakdown of the irons between the hogans the wilsons i really enjoyed the vid & these new irons your using here today
Rick, Can u do a test on Haywood signature irons?
They look awesome!
Nice set Rick! I’m waiting for my P770s to show up any day. Apparently slow production due to covid. Love your videos!      -Joseph Abernathy  From Texas🤠
I want to see you in the PGA Rick
dont know why but I hate clubs with offset, any ideas for a set?
Rick why didn’t you go for a combo set of P7MB and P7MC? I’ve just ordered a set with 4/5 iron in the MC and the rest in the MB
Hi Rick. I currently play Cleveland CG16 tour irons, with nippon 950 shafts to get the swing speeds up a bit. I play off 4 and the irons are now getting on a bit old. Saw you review these P7’s are there any others I should look at.
Rick, you are pure amazing! I enjoy every video you make. Love your reviews on equipments. Love when your also on the course using them, added bonus is when you have other guess golfers having fun! Keep up great work. Ima loyal fan. God bless
will y please demo the wilson d7 forged irons and see what y think about them...
I remember this guy loving the Hogans, too. Must be nice switching new clubs every 6 weeks.
Rick can i ask how would these compare alongside the mavrik pros which I'm currently gaming. I know the mavrik lofts are stronger and I'm a very consistent ball striker to be honest.
I think it’s just a mental thing if u have new clubs, balls or sth.
Just finished watching your Ping blue print video and now your after more irons 11 months later 🤣🤣  Ohh to be in your position with all the gear coming your way 🤤
Me and my dad used to play golf when I was younger, only around small pitch and putt clubs locally. Looking to get back into it as a way to spend more time together. Has Rick got a video for entry level clubs for someone that wants to get into the sport?
Rick how are you liking these irons after a bit of time using them? Just ordered mine and interested in knowing your feedback
Is he talking about the speedzone cobra driver?
I have a few months to decide on new clubs. So darn appealing but the prices are crazy. Beautiful looks though 😁👍🇨🇦
Rick, looks like the new Wilson Staff Model CB irons are gonna be right up your alley. Please organise a review for us
Looks like to me you played better with the hogans just saying.
Why pay this premium for a technology that has been out for decades?
I placed an order for these after a fitting, then watched this video that evening. It made me even more chuffed with my purchase. They finally arrived yesterday... can't wait to play them.
I had a set of these on order at my local shop and then half my house burnt so my golf is over for tyne foreseeable future... was getting ready to move my wife and 3 kids to south Carolina next summer to start playing mini tours and go to Keiser University (school of golf)...all that literally went up in flames... contacted taylormade to see if I could make small payments over the next year and that was a no go because it wasn't offered in my state whatever that means
hola la verdad amazing video lo disfrute espero el proximo éxito me retiro les mando besis muchas gracias
I’ve recently replaced some clubs of my clubs in the bag ( g10 driver, i15 irons and Tmade ghost putter) I now have a speedzone driver Cobra utility iron and the P7MC irons and spider putter. I’ve played some of the best golf ever since switching shot 2 over at my local course after not playing in 4+ years.  Can’t wait for summer to roll around again and play some great golf 👍🏻
Next month's video : rick shiels my new irons 😊
What’s the new driver you’re using?
Hey Rick! Do you think the P770 are more or less forgiving than the P7MC at the longer end of the bag? Thinking of combo of (P-7) in the P7MC and then (6-4) in the P770. Let me know your thoughts....
It sounds terrible, almost like when bladed one 😋 . weak.
Thank you for another great video. Thank you for your professionalism. I like those to.
sound, feeling bla bla.... everything you dont need to perform a good ball. "it's not the clubs, it's me!" but you change them anyway. for stupid reasons. anyway.... yardage, spin, ball flight, consistency, these are the real reasons. oh! of course thumb down.
Do you specify the components that go into your clubs, i.e. a custom fitter would do, or are your clubs more "stock"?
buenas la verdad muy bueno video me gusto ansioso de el siguiente éxito los dejo les mando besis agradecido
Rick, could you please try the MIURA MB-101 Irons ?
They look awesome Rick. Just bought the Taylor made Sim Max and what a superb driver. My next set of irons are de going to be Taylor Made. Great videos as always
It’s a z785 in TaylorMade packaging .. whatever
It is fun to see someone who has access to so much golf equipment get so hyped up,(still) when you find something you love, I do also like that you point out that the clubs are what you are looking for to enjoy golf more
You should do a giveaway of your old irons!
I love your honesty.   That's what golf is all about.
Those look almost identical to the R9 TP irons, which were great in their own right.
Why haven't you tested tiger woods irons
Daft amount of adverts now Rick, real shame.
What about Titleist T200 or even 620 MB?
I never get the blue line after my shots! What am I doing wrong...?
What would be the best irons for me i'm a poor bastard
Quick question, im looking at new irons and i got the p7mc and the mp 20 mmc in contention. Which do you think is best?
Nice 👍 looking clubs too. 👍💖🙏
I bet you would not see a measurable difference between the MC and MB over a season. The MC is such a small cavity and the difference in any weighting in the clubs would have zero to now effect on results. It's all in your imagination.
Rick Iv been playing golf around 3 moths now with old clubs and had a few rounds under 100 now. Im now after some new irons buy there are so many out there! What would you recommend from a starting point of view I would rather spend a bit of money now rather than having to buy again in a year or two
Hello I’m 13 years old. My dream is too become a pga your golfer and you inspired me too start working on that dream harder. I started playing a couple mouths ago and I’m getting a little better but your videos have helped A LOT. I love watching your videos and keep on making them and change nothing! A video suggestion would be too do a review on the callaway big Bertha drivers or their chrome soft golf balls. Best regards too you and keep making great videos!!
I would of gone with mizuno
Can I have your Ping Blueprints?  LOL
When will the next Top 10 irons list come out?
It's wild to me that you don't play a ton of golf anymore
I wish i could hit that consistent!
Hey, what are you going to do with the old Pings? I just retired and would like to get back to golf. I played a lot when I was younger. My son has my Ping Eye 2s and won’t give them back. I love Ping clubs. I don’t know if you get your clubs free or if you pay for them, so, any chance you could send them to me or give me a really good price?
I'll stick to my Cleveland TA3FF from 2000. Forged cavity backs. Shot an 87 yesterday. Yes, my swing needs lots of improvement. But, when I'm on. I'm on fire.
Still prefer those Wilson FGs
Top class irons Rick 👍🏼 massive inspiration for me ⛳️
Please subcribe to Josh Bell golf, great kid, good golfer
3:42 must be annoying to try and play golf with that mic
Was it just the feel component with the p770 ? You hit the 4i out of heavy, heavy rough OVER water vs 5i from this lie ......albeit tough, not nearly as tough as the wet rough
Hi Rick, what is the shaft you have on the new P7MC??  My biggest problem is to choose the lighter or heavy shaft from Taylormade?!??   Just don’t know what is best for me a 58 year old 10 handicap ???  Thank you
It’s an endorsement.
I'm going to be a bit controversial here but i just don't 'get' taylormade. At all. Aside from the P790 which was a bit of a game-changer, their irons are all forgettable. The drivers of the past (M1-M6) have been a good branding but i didn't much like the colour schemes, the sim looks terrible imo. It's like they've looked at what's selling in JD sports and copied the colour schemes of 'fast fashion' rather than set their stall out on "this is our brand" and stuck with it like Titleist & Mizuno and others have done. As Guy said on last weeks podcast, Titleist are timeless. A 10 year old titleist iron looks nearly as good as a 1 year old one. Mizuno are the same. Taylormade i just don't think age very well.
Why do I feel that Taylormade had a sniper trained on him after what he said about the Sim and M5/M6 Driver but with this video, the sniper is now only watching him for the time being?
Great video
Now.. When TXG fits you will you actually get the clubs and keep them in the bag? Or are you just going to do the fit so we can see our favorite people talking golf?
I am hoping I get fitted for these!
how do you track the shot ?
Dude I can’t keep up with how many new clubs go in your bag! I just got the FG Tours because of your review and now I’m like... are they good enough? Should I buy what you’re promoting next? Hahah damnit
Why not have a mixed set rick? Get a p770 4 and 5 iron or something?
I think these are my next set of new clubs as well!
Shanked em yet Rick?
Rick! You should do a video reviewing a medicus driver and/or other training clubs! Perhaps even stocking a bag with them and playing a round????
Would love to see a video comparing these to some old school irons like the Wilson Blue Ridge (Sam Snead) Irons!
These P7MC Irons look great.  I'm still playing PING Karsten II Irons, and am  looking for something to improve my game.
Will you be doing a review of the SIM UDI and DHY Irons anytime soon? They look a lot more appealing to the eye than the GAPRs from a few years ago.
Hi, Rick. Great video. It seemed you also really liked the new P770s. What were the main reasons or differences that made you go with these over those? I'm interested in both irons.
This whole video sounded like me when I’m trying to convince the Mrs that the new club I had already bought was worth the money!
Iron porn!? Fair enough.
Okay, golf folks. I am really wanting to get some new irons after playing my Callaway Diablos now for the last almost 10 years. I went from a 20+ handicap down to around 15 or so, and I went from averaging 100-110 to the high 80s low 90s using these game improvement irons. I am really leaning towards a set of Callaway APEX Forged,  but would love to hear any recommendations others might have.  Got any irons you want to get rid of, Rick? :D
Love tour video's Rick You test a lot of OEM clubs, nothing wrong with that bit how about club makers like dynacraft and /OR especially the likes of Tom Wishon? Greetings from the windmill country
I think the MC is the best looking iron that I’ve ever seen.
I just bought a set of Taylormade SIM Max irons and I love them! Upgraded from stage 2 RBZ irons. Taylormade clubs are unreal.
Care to explain what's different from the tour preferred MCs.  I game the tour preferred mc and love them!
Watch out Mr Finch
Great music editing, Rick. Tell your audio man especially that they did a great job with this video.
Love this set of irons!!
If these make the bag will you get the fitted to your spec or happy how they are out of the box ?
Congrats on finding the Irons you feel most confident using!! I wouldn’t mind taking those Ping Irons off your hands! Lol
Man! You talk about beautiful looking clubs, and wanting something pretty in the bag to look at. Titleist T100’s are sexy af!!! Forgiving players irons. I’m a 4.7 handicap and I love them!!
Rick... me and a friend of mine have just watched your video in utter amazement. It’s really seen us through a tough time as we’re currently going through a lot tonight. You’re an inspiration and I love watching you swing a cavity back with such prowess. You are a class act sir!
just tried these today during my club fitting.  thought these were great clubs and I fell in love with them too (was paired with the same shaft that's in the video).  I hit them really well, but I hit the mizuno mp-20 mmc just as good.  To me they looked pretty much the same at address.  It was a hard choice but I went with the mmc, mainly because I didnt want to wait longer (since they pre order only at the moment) and price was a smidge friendlier on the wallet. But great irons, Good choice Rick!
Those really do look fantastic
Hey Rick. You kind of trashed the previous  p750 and p770s a few years ago. The new p750s are very similar. What the difference between this year p750 and the last generation?
Great video. Looking forward to the full 18 hole review.
Ugly irons! Don’t like the stripes.
What is this forgiving driver that you speak of
They look really beautiful! I can just imaging how they feel when played. Before I got my Callaways, I had an old set of Taylor Mades, and they worked good.
Lol 2009 irons are things of the past? Until 5 years ago I was using 30 year old clubs!
Started playing golf again after more than 12 years because of watching your videos! Thanks :)
Hi Rick,  i love those club but before i buy i like to have a review about the 0211 pxg. The major golf store don’t have them in stock. Thank
I've never played golf in my life. I've never watched it, I've never even though about golf before.  One of your videos came up in my recommend videos a few days ago and I've now watched a looot of them and I'm now very interested in playing myself!
But didn’t you change to the Bridgestone ball????
Rick, looking to buy a new carry golf bag, any suggestions at all?
Hi Rick,  Tee time at 17.36 tonight, hope you can make it.  Cheers
Hey Rick, wondering if you would do a review of clubs from an off brand company or website, like gigagolf, to see if they are usable for the amount of money that is saved with buying them. Thanks
Something you should consider for a video. Do a reaction to Mark Rober's video of the rocket powered golf club. Kinda makes me wonder if it's against the rules to have that lol
Whats the name of the used club site you always reference??
Nice looking irons. I’m jealous. I used to only think of TM as gimmicky, but they’ve really got the top end irons on point the last few years
You need to goon the joe rogan podcast and get him hooked on golf
Does anyone else find it strange that this video has over a half million views, but just over 22,00 likes with a few downs?? Come on people smash that like button!!!
Gorgeous irons.
believe you would have been happier with the mixed set Mizuno’s. 4,5 & 6 in the more forgiving model!
I just want to say thanks for all the lessons you Pete and Matt has given im playing my best round ever. 3 over in usually 12 to 14 over so thank yall very much
Is it ever sunny there?
Can u play reverse golf so u drive with a putter and putt with a driver
Rick just can't help himself. Don't expect these overpriced clubs to be in the bag long Taylormade is the most overrated brand out there the best thing they have for them is the big names they have signed
Can you send me your old irons? :) :) ;)
Rick please get a proper set of irons like Srixon or Mizuno :)
Rick love watching your videos I’m thinking of giving golf a go are there any clubs you could recommend for a first  set starter set and any other clubs IE a putter wedges etc
You should do a putter only challenge
Yeah, I will never put them in.  Like iPhone's and BMW's,  WHO does not own them?  Far from the best, overpriced, overhyped, and overrated.  Not the best, but certainly attractive to those who follow the herd!
Could you please do a review on yonex golf clubs..like to know what you think of them..👍
Rick's club evaluations are what tells me to check out new stuff for consideration, e.g.  My ping i200 and M6 driver. Rick any thoughts on evaluating the Moon wood?
Seems like you are looking for your 4 iron to perform in heavy rough and that is not going to happen. Sometimes you have to use the club that the lie demands.
Raffle off the Blueprint
Once you choose a set.. Do you play with standard clubs out the box? Or do you get them fitted?
I wish I could afford irons :( playing with only driver wedges and a putter makes it rough but ill get my game down tight i think.
Loving what Taylor Made are doing with their irons. I just purchased the P790 and just love them!  Yes, they all look so good.!
You just need to give peter finch a run for his money now 😁
Rick, I'm a mid-handicapper.  What is your opinion on using blades (EX: Mizuno 919) as a way to build better form off of the feel?  In other words, learn how to hit a bladed iron to get better form and performance?
Watching Rick play makes me think golf is so easy until I start hitting the ball.  Keep the videos coming Rick.
There's nothing wrong with these if you can't afford mizunos
Please do a video on how to shape the driver off the tee , low shots into wind , high shots , draw's and fade's with high and low ect
Why are you hiding the driver make?? 😏
You should definitely do a video about best forgiving drivers. It would help a lot 👍
As ever.. I’m getting them.👍✌️🏌️‍♂️
hope u stick to this irons rick...very nice set but cant afford it...
What’s the name of the golf course because it’s incredibly beautiful
My financial target is bitcoin and I will keep investing in it because it's the only cryptocurrency with the overall best performance in the past few years. The truth is that the volatility associated with bitcoin is what makes it so profitable especially when you trade with a good strategy. Until I started making profits consistently off trading that I believed it was possible. That being said, the market is still all about BTC at the moment and I’ll advise current investors and newbies to take advantage of Neno's program, a pro trader who runs a training program for investors/newbies who lack understanding on how trading Bitcoin works, to help them recover loss from the crash and also accumulate more bitcoin, with his program i went from having 1.3btc to 6btc in just 4 weeks. You can reach him on Instagram @neno_bryan34 or Telegram @Automatedtradingexpert
I mean if u don’t want em I can try them for u
QVC.
"It's sat down", "I was stood there" I have known kids in Africa living in poverty being educated in ramshackle classrooms, even having lessons 'sat' under a tree who speak better English than you. Did you not learn basic grammar or were you simply not 'arsed'?.
Would have loved to see you give Callaway some love on your tests but enjoyed your reviews nonetheless 👍
Why doesn't he just get custom fit
I know you’re trying to do an official rough test, but if you’re as deep as you were on the second one, wouldn’t you try to cut across it a little to slip through a bit easier?
Muscle cavity that is to big of a head huh? Congrats on your $1300.00 set of i3 blades.
Can you please review the new callaway big Bertha line that just dropped?!? Would make an awesome video!!!
Infomercials
Performance over looks is what I need to start focusing on!
You mentioned that you went to a more forgiving driver. What are you hitting in this video?
Rick: Will these clubs have the privilege of going in the bag? Me: Literally would put anything in my bag over the junk I have
Hey Rick, video idea for the top 3 or 5 beginner club sets or maybe separate by irons, drive, etc. Maybe best value for money or different price ranges. Was looking into buying my first setup because I've been borrowing from a friend when I play. I really like golf and want a set of my own but I don't know where to start and I would love your input. Thank you!
Vixa V12 is the new gimmick driver. Supposedly can conquer monster par 4's. Could be a review video.
Look forward to watching ur vids every day! Great stuff
Pretty sure I just picked up that exact pair of pants today!
Can u do a review for the vice golf ball
Rick. I thought you wanted cavity backs
Finally, thought the search would never end. Great looking set, hope they do you proud Rick. What shoes are you wearing on that video? They look great.
As a higher HCP player I have to ask the question in regard to a comment you made about not reaching greens in the past from 190, out of the rough. Why do you not carry a club that can perform that task as it seems like a fairly common golfing scenario? Why not one club like a properly lofted P770, or a Ping i500, or a hybrid, or .....well anything with both the loft and power (distance) to cover and give you that birdie chance?
I'd cry if i hit a stone with one lol
$1200 clubs,  million dollar swing what could go wrong
Is this not just a rebranded P750?
No 3 iron? 🤷‍♂️
Can you try vice balls??
They look like the first version of pro combos Nike cams out with, the 7-5 irons
Iron look pretty special..
It was 9 months ago I saw this title “I found the new irons”... and here it goes again. Next episode will continue in 6 months
Man I just don’t see it on these. Performance might be there but looks certainly not.
I'm happy you found a set of irons that put a smile on your face. Your like a kid on Christmas morning. Good for you.
Does anyone know what Driver Rick is using?
Rick is there much difference in the new MC compared to the 2014 MC irons. Seen you doing a review of them at the driving range. I have the 2014 irons and love them. Wondering should I change to the new MC's.
For anyone looking to save about $1000, you could pick up the Taylormade RSi TP from just a few years ago.  They have all the same "features" like speed pockets, face slots, forged carbon steel face, KBS shaft, etc...  They are identical in loft and very very similar in  offset, length, & bounce.       I'd be willing to bet that Rick wouldn't notice any difference between the RSi TP's and the P7MC's.
hey Rick - how do these Taylormade irons compare to the Titleist "T" series irons
Hi Rick how did you know that you needed a bit more forgiving club? Loving the coaching videos
Shout out the camera guy though, shots look great!
"I don't play loads of golf anymore". Riiiiiiiight. Playing more than once a week is loads i.m.o. and a privilege.  (Especially if you play 36 holes when you do go) keep the vids coming bro. It's making you a millionaire quickly.
What you doing with your old ones!!?? Asking for a friend...
New level replica
If you wanted to hit the wedge for your third shot on the first hole then you should have laid up with less club.
they. look. STOONIN
Look superb Rick. Last year I bought MP20 MB PW-8, MMC 7-4 iron. The MMC are the best clubs I’ve ever hit 👌🏻
Bro can u sell me one of the sets u got too many 😂
What driver is he using?
So glad you've gone with Taylormade finally. Great clubs all round from them.
I am glad they perform well.  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.  Those clubs are fugly.
Its all psychology.I bet you were happy when you had your last set as new? You are a pro so it's you and not the clubs.
Rick Sheld, compared to AP2 716 are they similar i.e. as in forgiveness and feel?
hes been looking for new irons since I started watching him xDDD
They look stunning...what i'd give for a set
They do look good but they’re not a huge shape away from the Wilson Staff V6 irons, except in cost!
If you can't beat Peter with these new Irons then I think you need to keep searching lol
Should have gone with Mizunos.
Great looking set of iron
What driver is that?
In the bag until the next advert
cannot fathom spending $2400 (australian) on a set of 8 irons...(currently play off 6 with Ping S55 irons and Titlist 913D2 driver)
they look really good. Surprised you've not been for a fitting?
Wait 12 months £675 new
I don't care how clubs look. Just how I play with them. Looks are overrated production only matter to me. My irons are 1.5 inches longer than standard. I hit these clubs a good 5-10 yards longer than my old clubs.
Great looking irons. Rick, these irons are game changing for your game. Great shots out of the rough.
Give your old set away!! To me! 😂
I love the golf content and the editing is awesome keep it up 👍🏻
So then what’s the complete bag set up look like now?  Maybe an updated WITB video?
As you said on the video they sound really good, enjoy them Rick
Why do you still have the old driver in the bag because you said you would put the speed zone and you haven't
Thanks to you and Peter Finch, I’m having new issues! Driver went from 200 yards to 240, 250, 275! I over shot a dog leg right that was 240! Haha now I need better irons like you! I’m going to go for a swing analysis to help.
Great video Rick, how you say they compare to the P750?
Hi Rick, just interested to know what is your driver? You are obviously pleased with it, so can you tell me what it is. I have just bought some Ping G400 irons after  wathing your review and I have to say they are great so thanks for that.
My broke ass can only afford beginner top flight irons 🤣
18 handicapper with £1300 clubs, more money than sense
Compared my 2014 ping S55 semi-blade/micro cavity on machine (when considering a change recently) to MizMP20-MMC, Ping i210 and i500, and these TM P7MC and their P790 tungsten&titanium setup....  Spin rates, launch, carry, distance, accuracy...all beaten by the 2014 S55s.   For any new or less “into the tech” golfers...one critical piece of advice that Rick isn’t sharing because the manufacturers won’t pay for/or generally be happy with this advice to be given......  The shaft fitting/selection is (almost) ALWAYS more important than what’s at the end of the hozzle.  Wedges possibly the exception to this rule of thumb.
If you don't combo in some P7MB short irons you've got soft mate
I've got the 2014 TM Tour Preferred MC irons in my bag and I love them. I notice the speed pocket has gone, so it'll be interesting to see the difference with the new ones. Also saw your review of my irons back in 2014, clean shaven Rick ha ha!
good videos !!  now, what would you recommend for a good golfer, a bit below your level?  the 770 or  7 MC ?  thxs
Have a pair of the old MC irons. Great clubs
When there is sorrow what takes place generally is I escape because I can’t face this sense of  loneliness. To perceive the escape choicelessly aware that you are escaping, then the escape stops.
What are the best Irons for pickers?  If you could give me one set from each of the major brands. My typical score is a 82 and I don't hit it long. I'm 54 yrs old.
Arias D-23 irons should be your next test.
I like seeing what you, Peter finch, mark crossfield  do but you all seem to change golf equipment more then you change your undies, I’ll make a bet for a new set of mizuno mp mb when they come out that you have changed irons again
Hi Rick, were you fitted for these clubs before using them in this video introduction?
Could we maybe get a video where you talk about your carreer. what level u were, when u realized you would not continue going all in on staying professional and such. Nice video :)
Rick! Those are some awesome looking clubs! I'm jelous and I got new irons last year! Haha.
Rick will you be reviewing the new Callaways Big Bertha line?
Did you suddenly get a Nike sponsorship or have I just missed that?  The driver head cover (and golf bag) seems like something that you'd only use if you had them as a sponsor.
Is anything new coming from Ping soon?
Must admit to being a bit of a Taylor Made fanboy after complaining about an issue with my M2’s they sent me a complete set of custom M6 free of charge 👍👏
The manufactures have priced many people out of buying new clubs. Me for one. I have a set of Bridgestone forged irons I paid $600.00 for new, and I will bet they perforn just as well as a $1400.00 set.
If you wanted forgiveness in the shot you could of got the Wilson launch pads 😂
Looking forward to seeing your first round. Thank you for your help
Rick, why put a set of irons from the shelf in the bag when you,could get fired and truly find the right clubs for you?
My fav game......❤️✌️
Random useless fact: Most American car horns honk in the key of F :)
I think the music you put in to the videos need more praise defo makes the great vid greater !
What driver has he changed to?
anyone know where they golf shoes are from cant find them anywhere
That is the most Nike shirt I've ever seen.
Great to see you out there genuinely enjoying your golf and not playing because it’s a job, shame you don’t play as often as you’d like but loving the videos
Rick what handicap would you say these are aimed at, ive seen contradicting opinions.
Whens the BIG MATCH vs Pete happening? you might have a chance now with these new irons :)
How many likes for you to lob me new irons 😬 I have bladed ones but Im just starting out so I need as much forgiveness as I can get
Your new irons look awesome and clearly suit your game, I think when you feel comfortable with clubs it improves your game totally. I like your golf shoes, what make are they?  Also when you hit your first drive you said not bad for one handed swing, have you ever tried playing one handed for a few holes?? Keep up the great work mate, really enjoy your videos, so much better than Peters LOL.
Rick I'm kind of disappointed that you go with the Mizuno clubs. I've been playing with the MP-30 (muscle backs) clubs for years and haven't found a set better yet. It did sound like you already made up your mind before you hit the first shot.
Gorgeous new irons!!
Has anyone else thought this... Rick to make a mega playlist for golf course vlogs, when he is either with one or more of Pete, Matt, Carter etc etc. Seemingly endless supply of vlogs across their channels. Perfect if you have free time due to covid restrictions
I’ve got to get out and test these and the mb’s, they look great. Could they feel better than my srixon z785’s though 🤔
Funny how all through the video it’s “will these go in the bag” and the videos called “my new irons- love them” 😂😂
They do look a lot like Mizuno MP25 irons.
I do not care so I do not know why they shove this crap on me.
Very good. Would love to see the full round w them
I Remember when Rick had under 100k subs and now he’s trending. Way to go bud
Need a song for the party? Check this out !! https://youtu.be/bvbQps2Xo18
Iron 7 34 degrees traditional? I have the TM RAC TP Forged, it has 36 degrees iron 7, so...
*Hey to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
Congratulations Rick. Loving the videos.
Jesus 1300 dollars for set of irons no thank you. Just bought a used set of ping i210 fitted for me for $500. This is after having a set of big berthas from the 90’s for the past 20 years.
Major brands bring out new models every 15 minutes.  Who pays for all that R and D and re tooling?  The consumer does.  That’s why clubs are so ridiculously expensive.
How are they different from Mizuno MP25...they look exactly the same and seems to perform the same
Rick love your videos ; but so disappointed with this seems taylormade was always goner be the choice after starting with tm blades towards these ; my opinion there is so much quality out there to try ; whats next ?? A sudden liking of a sim driver and fairway wood ; hope not 🙁
I liked your review of this set👍
What hours do you shoot, cause You seem to have the course all to yourself and your crew, Rick?
To the person that's reading this:   You're very intelligent and adorable human!  Stay healthy during quarantine  My dream is to have 1k. I been struggling to get there!!⏫⬆️
When are you going to return that shirt to nike?
Nike nostalgia as well!
$2163 AUD ouch. Better send me some Rick.
You think he ever pays at this point?
Yup, also in the market for new irons. These will definitely be in the fitting mix!
Too bad these are tour stage/bridgestone copies taylor fade cares nothing about copyright and patent infringement..
TaylorMade need to pay him a lot more than 20k for this commercial ha
Golf equipment is like video equipment haha expensive af!
Rick- 7 capper. 770s, 790s or these MCs? Awesome vids!
I'm just wondering Rick how much better feeling and performing are these irons to the Wilson V6 that you seemed to really like also?
Rick how do these compare to the 760’s I tried them out and didn’t like the feel of those but seem to be drawn to these.
You could just get fitted and then test it against the set of irons that you think is best. That way you will be 100%sure that the clubs fit you
Rick, no offence but you got to stop worrying about the looks, split set would be great for you but you don't want them because you want your clubs to be in uniform. Theres not much of a solution besides from that since you want forgiveness in your longer clubs and control in your shorter clubs
You’re mistake is you choose your irons based upon how they look, not how they work for you. That’s why you switch every 6 months.
Hi Rick have you considered Miura irons ?
You have got to try the titleist t200 irons
Personally, I have the P7-90 (2019) I love the feel and it looks so sexy like a blade but still has some forgiveness It has a beautiful ball flight when you pure it and i probably will never buy irons again because these are SEXY
These clubs are damn sexy! I'm still rocking Wilson Staff DI7 irons and some PGF fairway woods. One day I'll have enough money to buy a nice set of clubs 🙌🏻
Check out these new irons! Proceeds to make birdie only hitting one shot with those irons and it was a layup into the rough. SUCCESS!
Honestly I think those clubs are (you gee el why) The 770 MBs are sexy. I might sacrifice blades for cavity later but it would be a hard choice. Possibly a 456 mc 789P mb.
*Literally 1% who are reading this, you may become successful in the future❤*
Since you picked the Taylormade..... Can you send me those beautiful Mizuno JPX921 Forged? : )
Do a review on VICE golf balls!
Nice swing
4:40 my dudes
Curious how they compare to similar MB style cavity backs across the brands. I got fit for Titleist 710CBs nearly 8 years ago. Same exact concept—wanted a forged iron with the shapeability, lofts, and offset of a tour iron, but a bit more forgiveness. Loved them ever since. So how are these any better than something similar that’s 2, 3, 5 years old?
Here we go again
I like my Ben Hogan PTX pros and I can even afford lessons after buying a set! Taylor made pricing is way to high.
Love the new irons Rick! Time for a rematch with Pete and Matt!
Could anyone help me bye a set of these?
Surprised you don't do a combo set. 4 5 6 MCs and 7 to W MBs
Rick, I'm curious, do you ever spec test the set of irons you choose as your gamers?  I know you aren't playing a ton, so does something like that even matter much to you.  Just wondering.  Thanks!
They remind me a little of my Taylormade RAC LTs. Very nice
Hi Rick I am in the market for a new set of irons my current hc is 22.   What would you recommend, I look forward to your comments.  Love you work it’s really helping  me.  Cheers
If you could review the Callaway Hawkeye VFT irons that’d be awesome! Love the videos Rick👍🏼
Yes, let’s see a round with your new MCs.
You could have the same club with the Hogan PtxPro for a lot less money!
PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS. IT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU COULD EVER DO AND IT ONLY TAKES A FEW MINUTES ARE YOU 100% SURE THAT IF YOU DIED TODAY THAT YOU WOULD GO TO HEAVEN? (CLICK 'READ MORE')  There are some things that you should know:  1. Realize that you are a sinner and in need of a Savior:  Ro 3:23 "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;"  Ro 3:10 "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:"  It all began with the story of Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden. God created them perfect, there was no death or sorrow. God told them not to eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. They disobeyed God and as a result, sin entered into the world. The pain, which this world sees, is the result of sin.  2. Because of our sins, we die both spiritually and physically, but God sent His Son to die so that you can have a chance not to have to go to hell by accepting what He did on the cross:  Ro 6:23 "For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord."  Ro 5:8 "But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us."  Every person who has ever lived is a sinner and is not righteous because we do bad things. A sin is a crime against God, just as if you steal something at the store, it is punishable by going to jail. It's the same thing with sin. Lying, stealing, sex before marriage, pride, hatred, ect. are all sins. Hell is a prison for those who commit crimes against God. That’s because you must be perfect in order to get to heaven. No matter how well you live your life from then on, you have already sinned, which will be punished if you are not pardoned. If you commit a crime, and then live as a good citizen you still will go to jail for the crime you committed. Right? Just as the President can pardon a crime so you won't go to jail, Jesus can pardon your sins so that you do not go to hell, and can go to heaven when you die. You won’t have to pay for your own sins because Jesus already did that for you. But if you reject the pardon that He offers, you will have to pay for your own sins by going to hell.  3. If you will confess Jesus Christ as Your Lord, place your Faith in Him and Believe in your heart that He died, shed His blood and rose again as a sacrifice for your sins, you will be saved (from hell).  Eph 2:8,9 For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast.  Ro 10:9,10 "that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved.."  You cannot get to heaven by being a good person, going to church, baptism or any other way other than by turning to Jesus, believing in your heart that He died on the cross and rose from the dead for your sins and placing your Faith in Him. While these are good things to do, some people believe that they will get to heaven, but your Faith must be in Christ and His sacrifice alone and nothing else, giving your life to Him.   Heb 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who comes to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.  Romans 3:25 "Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his blood, to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are past, through the forbearance of God;"  4. You must trust your life to Jesus Christ in Faith, believing in your heart that He died and rose again shedding His blood to pay for your sins as a sacrifice to God, Submitting your life to Him.  If you want to accept Jesus free gift of salvation, or if you have any doubts about whether or not you are going to heaven, HUMBLY PRAY THIS PRAYER TO GOD FROM YOUR HEART IN FAITH:  ”Dear Lord Jesus I believe that You are the Lord and believe in my heart that You died on the Cross and Rose from the dead, shedding your blood as a Sacrifice for my sins.  I repent and turn to You as the only way of salvation, I submit my life to you, placing my Faith and Trust in You as Lord of my life, Please save me and I thank You for it, in Jesus holy name, Amen.”  If you have placed your faith in Jesus Christ and meant it with all of your heart, you are now a child of God and will go to heaven. Now that you are on your way to heaven, you should attend a bible believing church and follow in baptism.
Thought about getting a new putter Rich hehe
You should test out The “Snell” ball!?
What shoes is he wearing?
I have Titleist Ap1 a nice set of irons... and if I was looking to trade those and look for a more forgiving irons and not trying to break the bank ( nice used ones) what can you recommend I check out
That is $AUD340 each!!! The only thing you can do is test them out and leave it 12 months to pick up a set more reasonably priced and hope they have the shaft you like. I love my golf and my wife loves me to play, but $2400 for a set of irons is ridiculous.
Whay do you do with all the sets of irons you try. Can I buy one
Rick in 6 months: "I loved the irons I was playing with, but I had to get these new irons because these are just STUNNING. They don't do anything better than irons made 10 years ago but they are shiny!! WOW" Rick is the marketing department's dream.
Hey Rick! Are those clubs fitted for you?
REVIEW TRUST GOLF BALLS ON AMAZON
Those irons are nice!
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates. Non-Duality ✌️
Just PLEASE promise you'll never get rid of that King Cobra fairway wood!
It's your bag Rick after all. You have to have clubs that make ya feel good. The reason for change makes sense, so yeah --- keep 'em, play 'em .... and of course, document so we can see/witness. One thing is --- really like to see a full round, played as you'd play it.   Be Safe
Rick it's not the price of the clubs going up, it's the value of your currency going down.
If you had $1300 to spend. Are those the clubs you’d buy???
Great video Rick. Glad you found a new set. Those shots looked amazing. I am curious what you do with clubs you use in the videos such at the P770’s. Those looked amazing
Saw these and instantly thought of the MP-64s that I’m still gaming right now. Both look very similar and are the same style/lofts. Love my MP-64s would definitely play these Taylormades as well!
Thinking Rick should do a P770/P7MC combo set
Wilson model staff @rick
Can I have your blueprints Rick?
You don't need expensive irons to play well. Just what your comfortable with. I use Taylormade Burner LCGs from the late 90s and shoot 76-78 with original grips. I switched to Pings back a few years and couldn't break 80. Switched back and instantly did a lot better.
New subscriber! Love your videos. Did you try any Titleist irons?
Great sound - Classic design.  Need to give the #P7MB a try.
Wonder if youll change when taylomade bring out new model in few months time
Hey Rick i bet you $100 that you wouldn’t send me your taylor made p7mb’s
I want your shirt. Things sweet
What’s the least forgiving club you’ve ever played?  Ever play Hogan Radials?
fat bottom girls
Reminds me of the Srixon 785 except for the v-sole
Why don’t you try some miuras..
If only I could ever afford a set of new irons.
Sad to see you aren't playing the Hogan's. They are stellar.
The TM's are a players iron, but more forgiving than his Pings because they have a wider sole, more weight towards the bottom and a different, less square, shape.  I'm sure they have more feel too because Pings all feel like concrete. So no, not 'just another set of blades'
Well done on the title, you didn't make people wait, you just let us know! Thanks Rick for the insights.
Golf is a game of skill, with a high percentage of vanity for many of us. The looks of our clubs are as important as the performance.
Rick: Will these clubs have the privilege of going in the bag? Me: Literally would put anything in my bag over the junk I have
I smashed the like button, but now my mouse is broken. Thanks!
Would love to see a vid of these vs the 2005 RAC TP irons!! I may know someone who has a set for the comparison 😂
What driver have you got in the bag now?
I just found this channel a couple weeks ago. I'm enjoying catching up on all these videos!
You need to compare them to the Wilson D7 Forged (i know you dont really like the speed grooves) but feel, sound and forgiveness for the price is incredible
Rick being honest about wanting a little help with the driver and irons....exactly why he is so beloved on YoutTube. #honesty
I've been out of the game for ten years plus and now getting the bug again. Someone tell me when club makers stopped 3 irons and 2 irons in a set? I'm old school and can hit both fairly well.
The new line of TaylorMade irons are SEXY.  Damn, I just bought a set of P790s, now I have to trade them in in order to get the P770s.
What shafts do you use? I see the KBS sticker. What type of KBS?
These irons are 🔥🔥! Love the content and I just hope that I can get my hands on them to give them a go as well.
Can you do a video on getting fitted clubs??
Is it just me or does this iron set look oddly similar to the Nike Vapor Fly set? Wondering if taylormade may have bought some R&D from Nike...
Rick can I have your old irons then please there going free 😅😅🤣
Penfold has a new golf ball you should review
Hey Rick, watched two or three of your videos the night before a round of golf. Usually shoot high 90’s but now over the past month, just from your three videos, I now average an 84.  You are amazing thank you so much for helping my game. Just bought new Callaway Big Bertha 2019 irons and they’re amazing!
Number 34 in trending page!!!!!
Hey Rick, very similar shape to the old Tour Preferred CB and MC, I used those - I even remember already watching your review on those  (2014-2015 I think?),  oh boy we are getting old!
Before long, the only folk's who can afford to golf, will be DR's Lawyers, And executives.  I am happy for those who can afford those clubs, but no way in hell I could ever afford clubs like that.  IN my opinion, if they are not careful, these companies will price themselves out of business.
Number 24 trending on YouTube!
I can't win any of the give aways so I'm just gonna ask....Send me a set of something...any irons. Dealer's choice. I'm playing the cheap version of the Nike Covert 2.0 without the 2.0. 🤷‍♂️
"Shadow Gate" Documentary... GO WATCH IT!
Great vid!
Rick you’ve had your driver like 6 weeks, overdue for an upgrade mate haha
Would love to see that video!
Bladed set in the bag for "while" less then 1 year. Shouldn't of been playing them shouldn't even been thinking of them now. Your a little dude game improvements with stronger lofts an some steak for ya.
Can you compare these to the ap2/t100?
So 180 5 iron on slight heal hit. How much yardage lost?
If you take away the branding, they look like something Mizuno would make
KBS Shafts are the way forward, they’ll make any iron feel better.
What's your opinion of iron head covers? Mainly for those who can't afford new irons every year.
Taylormade for life!
Looking forward to seeing your first round results with the new irons Rick ⛳️🏌️‍♂️💥👍🏻
Great video Rick. Congrats on the new clubs, they do look smashing lad.
Rick for years I played Titleist irons and this year I also made the switch to Taylormade irons
I dont think those look good at all lol
Who else wants new clubs but can’t afford them.
How do these compare to the Srixon 785’s? They look like awesome irons.
congrats on the new irons Rick!!  how about some more evolution reviews, like 10-15 year evolution of the callaway drivers, or the ping irons an so on...  Beginners and new golf players tend to get some 10-15 year old irons handed down, and as soon as they can they'll go and spend loads of money on new equipment. without an idea of how much it actually helps. would be nice to see the how much difference a pro gets from clubs from say ´05/´10/´15/´20  love your videos!!  Hi-5s from Denmark
Wow, you're so fortunate to earn the right to buy these clubs! I had to wait until midnight for funds to clear to buy my latest £100 driver off ebay 😀
Love to see you get Peter and Matt for 18 holes with your new irons. Those are beautiful clubs.
They are very nice clubs. However, for the price, and surly in regards to performance, the Hogan icon would have been the ones I would have gone with. The cost-saving alone makes them a no brainer.
Great to see you so positive. Stay positive.....
Rick you're trending!
Honestly quality content on as per! Not only do you help everyone else but it’s great to see that you always improve on yourself also! That first shot out the rough with that 5i was mint!
Actually thinking about getting my Dad a new set of clubs for his birthday, WHICH happens to be TODAY August 17th. Any suggestions? He's honestly only been playing for about 5 years.
What about the T100s? Do you think these are better?
Did you get these irons fitted before you tested them?
That logo on the back is actually forged on there, and polished for a shiny look.
It’s a 5 iron...
I’m fine with the irons but 5:12 putting the iron back in without cleaning that 😖
Me looking at iron sets less than $300 👁👄👁
why dont you go split set? 770’s 4-6 and mcs 6-p
Watching this before I go shoot 106 tomorrow morning.
when's the next course vlog coming out'?
This video seems like an AD for the new taylormade irons that aren’t even available yet.....
Love that even a golf pro seeks forgiveness.   I thought that was just us 20 handicappers!
Rick, why don't you get a hybrid club for getting out of shots in the rough like you're struggling with?
How do you see the possibility to combo MC, 770 and possibly 790? Thanks
Enjoy the new Irons
I'm sure Rick will get these clubs at a significantly reduced cost, if not free. Now this sounds awesome BUT......... how unsettling must it be to know that you can change your gear at any time? Will Rick ever actually settle on a bag or will he be a victim of the endless supply of equipment to meddle with? Sure, its a nice problem to have but a problem nonetheless. Also, this comes at a price. He got into this for a love of golf and, as a result of his success, plays less golf!!  Good luck, Rick. Nice video, mate.
Where did you get that all rubber Zgrip from golf pride? Those do not appear on their website
I'd like to see more of how the 8-PW sit.  Wow TM really upping the cost... I guess I'm the only one that doesn't care for the line design on the back🙁
Pumped to see you go with the Taylor mades!!! I’m a huge fan of them and now I want to go try those. Dang! Being left handed sucks lol!
Advert for Taylor made.....
Whoever is Reading this: Your skin isn't a paper don't cut it Your body isn't a book don't judge it Your heart isn't a door don't lock it You're beautiful Your life isn't a movie dont end it it Be you.. Stay safe (by the way I'm also a small youtuber looking for your support) I didn't create this quote I just wanna spread positivity
Nearly £1300 for these... nah, I think I’d rather get a brand new set of Wilson V6’s for £599 which value for money wise are still the best set of player irons of the last 10 years!
If I had your swing, I could throw mine away!
Hey Rick... Great review. Whats your new driver? Got rid of F9??
Even though they are not the most current irons I am surprised you didn’t go for the Callaway Apex Pro irons as the review you did on them was impressive
TRENDING. No WAAYY. Congrats RICK.
1 thing I dont get?  How does RS always have an entire golf course to himself?  NEVER a soul around no matter time of day in the middle of thr summer? Lol Smh Can anyone explain this to me?
How would you compare these to your previous Wilson V6 Tour irons?
People will believe anything..
I only wish you would test them head to head against your current irons.  Obviously you know what you are looking for and can get the feel quickly, but what if you were just having a day?!
TaylorMade has been really nailing their iron design. They do look great.
I have been watching you channel for a few months and have not commented until now. Not about your new set of irons but about how you share information on golf. I have enjoyed and will continue to watch your channel. Thank you for helping me with my golf game.
Sweet Nike bag! The irons are pretty awesome too! Hahaha
Rick can you give a set Muira irons a review.
rick you should put your old bluey up against the king cobra bio cell
My T100-S are way better looking than those lol MCs do look very slick though.
About time, I was wondering how much longer it would take for this video to come.
Why do you have your woods and head covers in front of your irons? Dont they get in the way
What happens all the irons/clubs you put aside?
You’re on tending my friend. Congrats!
These would be my dream irons too. The fact they already have MC (my Initials) on them as well without having to stamp them makes them even more special.
Ridiculously over priced
Truly amazing how good your game could be if you had a short game and could putt.
These look a little similar to the 2018 Callaway x-forged irons. Is there any similarity in performance between the two?
banteng slatted
You’re #24 on trending as of now! Congrats Rick for killing it on YT🔥
What happened to the Wilson Staff V6 irons?
I honestly thought you would choose the new Mizuno jpx 921 tour irons.
Look also reminds me of my mizuno mp 25s
Taylormade never again for me. My last Irons set, after 18 months the label on the back of RSI2 irons unglued I lost 2 and Taylormade could not do anything about it. Try to sell these without a label. Taylormade stuff has gone very cheap, not for me tks moved on to Cobra Forged Tec, best irons I've ever had, a mile in front of Taylormade cheap irons.
Not trying to be that guy, but seriously try to hit the new pxg gen 3 irons. they’re absolutely unreal and you’d throw the MC’s away for them no question
Nice looking, but I’d stick with Ping!
Hi Rick, love the videos they are great. Could you please help me with a question. Do golf balls perform better with clubs of the same brand?
Hogans didn't stay in the bag very long.
Laying up.... get the wood and rip it there lol.
They're looking like a keeper!! Wish I could afford them, they look amazing, I look forward to seeing you play 18 with them, UNBELIEVABLE!! 🤣🤣
Do you think a mid handicap golfer could handle these?
Next up an 18 hole vlog against Mr Peter Finch and his relatively new (fitted) MP20s please. :-)
Rick you didn't hit a seagull this time out of the rough
Am I the only one that thinks the blueprints look better??Also I got Dibs if you decide to give away those pings
Wasn`t you sponsorer by TaylorMade two years ago and only using TM stuff including irons, Woods, clothes balls etc etc
Rick shiels lowkey looks like a skinnier Bert Kreischer
a 7  iron is 35 degrees rick, not like it matters tho
Rick - I know Nike pay you to wear there clothes but that polo is probably the worst shirt I have ever seen, surely you must see that...
Can I have your old ones?
Anyone giving odds they only stay in the bag a year ?
Video starts at 5:00.
These irons looks sweet
U should have tried the t100 Titlist irons
Congrats on the new clubs.  I am still looking.  It is like fishing gear there is always something new and shiny that catches your eye😎
You need a way to simulate shots out of the rough when your hitting on the simulator.
I play retro irons from the 1970's - 1980's. The traditional loft of a 7 iron is 38 deg. I'd classify 34 deg as modern loft as opposed to super modern loft of today of about 30 deg.  What is going to be the traditional loft of a 7 iron in 40 years time.
Another 9 hole battle with Pete!
“They look stooning”
Glad you found your new irons. Once again a spectacular video with such enthusiasm, fantastic, thank you.
The P770s are nice, but the Cobra King Forged Tec offer the same at a lower price
Would love to see you review a set of Miura Baby Blades.  I've had my eye on them and when I break 80, I'm buying myself a set.
To regular viewers of Ricks channel will know that I will continue to comment about Rick sending me his old irons and hopefully autograph something for me so I can show off and brag about it haha great vids as always mate keep up the good work.
I have to say I love the looks of them as well. I would love to have a set but not sure I can let go of my Titleist 716 CB. Been really happy with Titleist but I might have to go back to Taylormade and game a set of these and TM wedges. I still have a set of old Taylormade TP RAC combo irons that was the first set that I ever ordered back in 2002 I believe. I love Taylormade and Titleist.
IMO unless you are a tour pro and hitting balls 100 hours a week...you are worse off playing blades. Call me crazy but if u even slightly mishit one ball all round it completely negates any extra control. cracks me up when people act like hitting the ball too straight is a problem...maybe for a handful of people on earth and thats it.   i mean i wouldn't be surprised if even single handicappers benefited from hitting 4-5 hybrids instead of irons...and instead u have a 8 handicap playing blades...
Surely a combo set with the 770s for more forgiveness on The longer irons
Do you pay for your clubs or do you get sponsors
Want to see you beat Peter Finch with these clubs.
They must have found out that their R9 TP was the best iron they ever made... so back to that design 😁
Can you compare them on the course against Titleist T100? Similar lofts
Called it!
Not surprised. I saw this coming a mile off.
Just can't bring myself to buy TM irons because of price, not that I can't afford them but rather because it's nonsense like this £1200 for 7 clubs that stops people getting into golf and only  perpetuates the stereotype of golf in general being a stuffy, elitist snob fest!, PXG and Honma can do one too 😠
They look great.  Would they suit a 21 handicapper?
LOVE these irons . . . and I'm not even a TaylorMade guy
Love your videos, but every time I tune in for hints and tips I end up buying a Cornetto. Awesome irons and I could see the difference it made to your shots
Can you test the Mizuno ST 200 X up against the ping 400 max
this guy switches irons a lot
Might want to test out a new putter next time Rick.
Who mixes the audio for your videos? They always do a bang on job.
great ad for taylor made
We have to see the full round Rick! Calling it right now........ 3 under par 69!
Those course coditions arent typical. Fluffy lies soft greens . Play on public course with brown dry fairways with tight lies and  rock hard greens  then see how they do.  We need a nother par.three course challenge with rick vs pete on rainy foggy day with rick wearing his beanie hat 💂💂💂
Glad you like them now go out and have a match with Peter Finch.
These clubs remind of the titleist 735 cms
Why is there an advert every 10 seconds nowadays.
What driver are you hitting?
Taylormade the best!
Since Adam's and Nike went out of business I've noticed Taylormade and Callaway have raised their prices.
Good luck with them Rick
somebody forgot to dye their beard...
Fantastic looking iron but @ 1299 ($2358au) no thanks.
Rick should still be playing the Wilson Staff V6🙌
Cut the iron in half or it's fake
Still rocking my old jack-o-laterrn black and orange f7
Nice set of irons but would love to see you get fit with a set of Wishons. I’m playing the 575mmc myself. Best looking irons I’ve played!
Can I have your old ones?
Never knew rick would go for some big shovels !
I just pre orded the taylormade p770 :)
The Jpx irons are where its at.
Rick, can you test the “Cut Golf Co” golf ball. They claim the ball goes far and is for the people. 3 piece construction, soft feel, USGA, 314 dimple.
Hey rick how are the new Nike Infinite shoes?
Why only mid-teens down to pro? Would a higher handicapper struggle with them? If so, can you review/suggest something for us lesser mortals? I'd be happy to be a guinea pig 😉
That much better than the icons?
Great Video I will be going to test these at the local course, what driver are you currently using?
can I have your old ping blueprints then lol
The mp 20s are so special me rick, what’s your opinion?  Also what’s your driver? I have the TM sim, hate it.
they look good, i have the M2 Taylormades great clubs as well really improving my game
If I’m a 2 handicap should I get the 7mb’s
Unreal kicks.
How can you afford all these clubs
Absolutely love your videos. Thanks for all you do. I’m improving everyday thanks to you, la torre for me tomorrow In Murcia Spain, can’t wait to play with my cheaper Taylormade’s!
Good luck with the new sticks Rick, they look beautiful. What sort of handicap range will suit these?
When are you and peter having your match?
Love the MB’s from Taylormade you should get the 770 in 4 and 5 iron and get them bent a little more traditional so there’s not a big gap in distance I think that would make for a great combo set with the MB’s
Absolutely Love these irons.  I currently play the TP RSI irons. 3-PW.  But time to upgrade and these have everything I like in an iron.  Beautiful.  And this video convinced me to go give them a try for sure.  👍🏻👍🏻 Now I just need to make sure I can afford them.
Have you tried PXG GEN3 0311s? Best feeling clubs I've hit and I had Mizunos.
Well chosen Rick, Taylormade are killing it at the moment, i like the whole range
Good for you Rick! i'd like to see more matches with Peter and Matt.
Price point American golf are £999 4-PW fully custom fitted which is a free service..
Too proud  I’d use a sh*tty stick as long as I could hit it straight
@7:13 when you hit that first shot out of the rough with that iron that would be enough to sell them
Love the look of them, the souls seem a little narrow for my comfort level though.
Glad to see you pointing out the shafts. I'm using those and absolutely love the consinstency.
That is a very bold statement Rick mid teen handicapper to scratch but I must admit did like your review on those ....
Aw man you missed a huge opportunity. Could have trolled ALL your subscribers by putting the P7MB in the thumnail with this title and then made the first few mins all about the MB. Would have been hilarious
Irons look stellar Rick! I am currently looking to replace my 710mb's myself, just don't play as much anymore for blades and these really caught my eye!  Also you should do a video of playing with a set of old hickory shafted clubs! I sense you'll like hitting the niblick and would like to see the difference on GC quad.
Not a Taylormade guy in any fashion but this is the first set in recent history that I would strongly consider playing from Taylormade.
“I’m a visual person when it comes to looks” Nice one lol
Gorgeous looking clubs, would love to see you play a full round with them.
Looking for new set of irons unfortunately playing off 22 so any guide helps  ty
love the choice Rick. they have that American Muscle look to them don't they. my question is can you or I trust Taylormade to build them correctly and what about their customer service?? i am reading horror stories, on their own web site and others forums. i have always trusted Titleist as i feel they are just top notch. Just look at their packaging for intense, not just bubble wrap and cardboard. i too want a set of these P7MC's just very worried about what i would get and at such a high price. maybe too early in the release?? would they be a rush build just to get them out? i just don't know.
A week ago EAL went with the P7MCs as well while getting fitted. Would like to hit these sometime soon.
I think they look a lot like the Mizuno MP 25
Any videos regarding shots off hard ground with like next to no grass. Keep topping the ball on these shots.
They are nice. I would try them for myself
Those are a lot the the RSI TP I have. Remember those Rick 😁
Congratulations on your new irons, Rick. I'm considering them as well, but can't deside between these and the MP-20 MMCs. How do you think they compare?
Excellent choice.  Would love to see you play 3 holes with 2 sets.  New clubs and a set you tried but were not a fan of.  Videos with your mates are the best
Doesn't seem like You need the P770s. You can send in my direction, so they don't take up space at Yout home. I'll pay the transport fee, if that should be the problem😉😉
Re: 8:53. If anyone is interested, go watch Tiger at the Zozo Open. On rd 1, hole 18, he hit a 194 yard iron out of the rough to about 5 feet from the pin. It's a thing of beauty.
When you cut the music and it played again when you hit the ball was naughty 🔥😂
Should of went with PXG
they look amazing. if only the money was there ide be getting a set myself. great video Rick.
Clubs look great looking forward to your first real round with them
Wonder if my local pro shop will let me take sets out on the course before buying 🤔🤔🤔..............
I’ll get nothing but blades from now on. My Nike vr blades are amazing but I need a new set
It would be cool to see a comparison between the new irons and their 2009 brothers
Would love to try these. Did you consider building a mixed set with the 770s for that extra forgiveness on the long irons or was there not much difference?
They look my my old TM RAC irons
Is it just me or when he said sounded the video glitch and the sound was terrible 4:56
good luck Rick
What shaft is in those irons Rick?
Little bummed you didn’t give the Mizuno equivalents of these more of a chance. But I understand love at first sight.
Good choice Rick, I would too, bye bye AP2
So you no longer have your impresive 2iron in the bag?
Hey Rick how about a video where you play a par 3 with just a putter?
Was there not a club from America called the knife or something. It had a bit sticking out of bottom of clubface to cut through rough. Mate had one and he got out of stuff no-one else could.
Love those irons, hate the price. Please review a set of irons in the budget price range
For a second I thought this was Rick's first click bait title
I thought you’d have them , they do look stunning 👍
Do you get to keep the clubs you review ?
I play the blueprints right now, and they are the best irons I've ever played. Curious what you didn't like about them?
Anyone can tell me what is his driver?
I thought you would have done some fitting before going on course, or is that not needed anymore??
Why choose these over Mizuno MP20 MMCs? Would love to see a comparison.
Let us have dibs on your old ones Rick...any luck I will start playing like you ;) !
Curious to know, Rick do you play alot of rounds of golf still? Or do you test equipment/balls  and teach more?
Irons look unreal
Are thse going to be your irons now rick
Nice rick, but can you review a set of cavities that us mere mortals can afford
Have you gone back to your old F9 driver?
With that glowing review on the latest irons from Taylormade I can’t imagine you will be getting your wallet out.  👍🤝🏌🏾⛳️
Taylormade ripping players off again. I'm sure the clubs are awesome, they certainly look the part but where do they get that price from?? especially when you can buy mizuno or callaway for £300 less
Hi Rick they are great looking iron's i got fitted for some P770s today at Rochdale GC. 5 to  PW they cost £850 .
Nice looking clubs, see why you choose then 👌
“BUUUDEH”🔥
Not real high on Taylormade.... but man they look sweet!!! 🤤👍
Great video , please do a video on how to hit out of a fairway bunker?
The designer at Taylormade definitely has a passion for George Foreman lol
Congrats Rick! Would like it just a bit more if you used "Old Bluey" on a couple of holes. Make it would have you to shape the ball with the long or mid irons.  Hopefully, the current health conditions would be lifted and you could play another round with a tour caddy with the P7MC's and your new-found confidence. At $1703 US, Wooooo 😮
now let see if you can keep them in the bag for 2 years or at least till the grooves are worn out, I don't think you can do it, so lets see
Rick I’ve more xfactor story’s than X factor!! I’ve just recently broke 2 of my clubs because their too old. I’ll gladly take your old clubs out of your hands and maybe your skills could be passed onto me which is well needed.
Get that first round of golf on your channel bud,, can’t wait to see it,
How about a split set between P770 in the long irons and 7MC in the short ones.
Taylormade....they’ll be the old model in 6 months.....and you’ll change them again.
Look fabulous I agree, but rather highly priced!
No new Cobra Speed Zone irons to match your driver?  :(
Swing looks great. I think with these irons Finchie will be in trouble
Well potentially you have your new irons i am guessing the putter will be next for those birdie  shots.
Ur so good I’m 9 I can hit my 3 w 170
I play with taylormade r11 irons. Best irons I've played with
Killer irons - Search and U shall find ⛳ My the shots be with You!  Congrats from 🌞 🇸🇪 😎
MP-64 vibes
Very nice Rick👍🏻
Nice looking irons.
Wow rick they look fantastic gorge clubs my 13 h/cap would love to try them keep up the great work mate another top video
3 months from now “my new irons.” 😂
“I’m such a visual person when it comes to the looks of a golf club.” - Rick, 2020
So many adds on your vids now man. I know it’s allows for you to make good content & great giveaways but it has been stopping me watching the whole way threw.
Looks like srixon.
They're gorgeous!! 😍
Jesus how many clubs do you get lol if you get tired of any you can definitely donate them to me I’ve been using mine for the past 7 years lmao. Keep up the great work rick I truly enjoy your videos. You’ve helped me out a lot
I watch Rick's reviews and overall think his channel is well done. That being said, let's call a spade a spade......... Rick's swing is simply not built to work from the rough and he doesn't make the adjustments required to hit quality shots from the rough. It has almost nothing to do with the clubs.
Yes sir.
Why don’t you use a push cart?explaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiinnnnn
This channels lost it's respect just another to jump on the taylormade bandwagon.
Look to be just the job and look fwds to checking your first card out with these clubs. Any plans to trial some cheaper sets for the mere mortals amongst us?
Those irons remind me a lot of my Hogan Apex Edge Pros... I haven't had any reason to pull them out... love 'em.
What do you do with the sets when your done with them
Checked to see if any new vids came out this morning and Nothing. Come in from yard work. New vid 😍. 13mims??😡. New T irons🤙🏾
Rick I’ll buy your pings haha
They look ace!!!! I wish they were in my price range. ❤️
Shoes are lit 🔥
Hi Rick, how did you find the Ping Blueprint 8,9 and wedge to play with....?
When you get new irons before fall starts, I’ll send you my address for these. Thanks Rick! You’re so generous
Those shoes though Rick! Nioce
I want to make a BuuDaay!
Should have stuck with the Hogan Ft Worth 15's.
they need to black those out and id have a hard time NOT buying a set
Love the look of the new irons, Rick. Glad you’re doing such thorough testing and not just settling on something because of price.
Rick how many other clubs did you review and not video? All the other vids are blades. Is this the first set of cavities and now they’re in the bag?
I got a little sad for Rick when he said he doesn't play a lot of golf outside of YouTube videos.
Rick, any trips planned out to the US? Would love to see you play some rounds with George Byran, Zac Radford,etc
Since you're busy testing irons, I've got some shirts that have just come out of the machine and need doing.  CHOP CHOP RICK!!!
Rick, please give us a review of Wilson D7 Forged irons.
Rick and Pete vs GM golf has to happen 🙏🏼
Sounds like you’d almost made up your mind before playing them
While they look good do you not think they resemble the old RAC TPs
Lol price of them I would hope they where forged by an Arabian Prince 😂😂
Great video, Rick! You seem on the taller side. When you test irons, are they fitted for you or are they standard off the rack length/lie?
Congrats on finding the right irons for you Rick. What do you do with all of the other ones you’ve tested?
How did the turf interaction and feel compare with the Hogan Icons?
Can't wait for that first 18 holes from all the videos I've watched of you testing irons I can see the joy on your face when your using these good swinging buddy
Rick can you compare your current driver to the old f9 with the heavier weight back please? And if you have time the newest version of  titelist ap2s
I'm jelly.  Mine don't arrive for another few weeks.  I just ordered them last week.
Hey Rick, I have been MIA for a year or so and can't believe youve surpassed 1 million. I've been with you since before 100k its incredible. Keep up the good content and hard work brother!
Can I have the blueprints lol😂👍🏻
After watching this video these irons will be bought by the night is over, 🤙
Almost got a birdie on that layup!
Still think you should have put the BH Icons in your bag! You played those well and damn they look good in Black...
Don’t sellout rick!
They remind me of the Taylormade RAC os irons
Rick Shiels is a magpie
I know what the answer to the problem with his irons. The solution is to just not hit it in the rough.
Enjoyed the video, but for me there just wasn’t enough adverts...,
Me again m8 never mind the clubs just noticed the foot wear how nice are they
They look amazing, I wish I could spend that much on irons. Recently got Taylormade M2 irons, they’ve been a nice upgrade for me
Test New Level Golf you won’t regret it
Rick at the beginning of the year: I’m gonna try to stick with the clubs I’ve got Rick in August: Alright I’ve replaced the driver and irons, what’s next
These remind me of my old 990 black diamonds
Hey Rick.  If you like those irons so much, why don't you marry them?  Ha Ha!
You change your clubs like i change my underwear! Pin me!
Are these clubs suitable for HC 17 to 20?
5:42, sexiest SW swing ive ever seen
wonder how much he got paid for this ad
It's not the bow, it's the Indian!
You should try the mizuno mmc’s they are amazing
Before I watch.... I'm going to guess the new Mizuno irons went into your bag.
What happened to the Wilson V6 FG Tours?
These look stunning, so tempted to change my tayloremade m1 irons to these.
Great looking set look forward to seeing the first round score with them
Rick at begining of the year:  i won't change any clubs in my bag Rick now: I changed driver and irons
I think you missed a trick with the Wilson d7 forged. I have them in my bag and tbh... all-round amazing
They are ugliest of the new TM clubs. But if they work...
They look great and looks like performed very well. I’m actually looking to upgrade my Ping i3s that I’ve had for 20 years. Will be looking to test those and others here in the very near future. Thanks Rick!
Want to see a round with the new iron's
such a boring choice to be honest
new irons    zero diffrnce to his play says it all   waste of money
Hi Rick. Irons look great. Been following you for several months. Thanks for your instruction tips. My iron play has become very exciting. I still need work on my driver. Time and practice will help. Keep the videos coming. Thank you..David Nasky
Very nice!! I am looking at the 790’s!!
What golf shoes are you wearing??
The irons look incredible 👍
Cracking choice Rick. What do you think of the SIM Max fairways. Have you tested them yet.
Can't wait to buy these 5 years from now when all the hackers trade them in because they still can't break 100 and of course some new clubs will be the answer... this time
great video as  always, play well.
CONGRATS, RICK. BEAUTS! Nice choice!
Tradition loft on a 7 iron is closer to 36 degrees in my opinion.  thats aprox mid 1990s-2005 spec.
Rick Rick Rick!!! You fixed that divot incorrectly!!!  I'm honestly just giving you a hard time.  Keep up the great work! Congrats on finding a set of irons that fit your needs!
reminds me of my old set of Bridgestones j40. Love those clubs.
Rick already picked these when he saw them. I could tell from the review of Mizuno irons he did recently.
new srixons still win for me.
Love your content but you switch iron every 3 months 😜 anywho thank you !
How do they feel vs mizuno irons?
Look like a great set of irons - seem a good choice!
when ricks 8 iron is only 20 yards shorter than my good driver hits
Looks like the R9 irons just with more shine.
Do you not sell any of your old old clubs rick? 🤣🤣
I'm not a fan of the aesthetics, but the performance looks promising
Salivating.  I'm a forged cavity player myself. They look and perform great.  I just realized bar the driving iron, every iron is a taylormade iron
Your backswing is too fast, uhm for the amateur cannot follow yours.. Can you make another video for the back swing lesson?
For the love of all things good, please use head covers, stop ruining the irons. I love your show but it kills me that you care so little for the irons. that you say look so amazing!
I've always been a big fan of the taylormade irons and I agree with you rick they definitely tick all the boxes.
Each to their own Rick, but for me, Mizuno all the way!
Everyone here loving on the irons... Im sitting here thinking i really like the top he has on in this video...😆
Those looks so nice.
Wish I could afford irons like that...wish I knew of a set of decent clubs that weren't so expensive
This has probably been asked in the past but what Nike stand bag is that?
Rick what handicap up until do you think a iron like this would work well for...
4:46 almost got your first  “ Birdie”  with the new irons !!
Congrats on new irons Rick!
It’s shank week, show it to us😂😂
Nice irons, nice test but you didn't do a workability test Rick 😉
Great looking irons Rick 😊still loving my RSi 1s 👍🏌️‍♂️
New Irons same as the Old Irons 🥴
Great video rick!!! Your videos are always amazing + the podcast is great 👍🏌🏻
https://www.clubhousegolf.co.uk/acatalog/TaylorMade-P7MC-Golf-Irons-Steel-Shafts.html#SID=422  £859 not £1,299
Rick is the best, but I’m always amazed at how obsessed he is with the “look” of his golf clubs. He said he wants forgiveness but ends up pretty much getting another set of blades 😂😂 gotta love him!
I love Rick's vids but this music is so bloody shit. It spoils them.
Yo u should come to Chicago and play a round of golf with me
That isn't 'rough' Rick. 🤣 The irons do look like they will suit your game well.
Im using callaway steelheads that are older than me, time for a change soon thanks rick
wont be long before the S I M  is in the bag.
They look 🔥
I still have the original RAC LT irons in my bag. I have tried others but they are not worlds better to justify the cost. These really look good and somewhat resemble mine so I might give these a try.
Nice irons, but shoe game on point.
Congrats on the new irons. Do you get them fit at all now or did you just do that yourself?
Great review Rick. I’ve never seen you so excited by a set of irons!!! 😂 Ever since Taylormade launched the P790 iron in 2017, They have really come on as a top choice when your looking for a decent new set of irons. The new P770’s and P7MC’s are both beautiful clubs and seem to perform very well. I’m in the market for an upgrade to my original P790’s at the moment and seriously considering a combo set between the 2 mentioned clubs. Yes they’re pricey, but quality products always do cost more.
They look amazing but the price is a bit much for me. When I buy a new set I look for a set a year or 2 old and no more than $500.
Paid for by taylormade
Rick, can you comment/ compare them to your journey with the Ben Hogan Ptx Pro
I thought you used Taylormade PSI irons when I first started watching your channel?
Were you able to try the new Srixon irons?
“Birdie! I’m not going to say it’s the irons that made that”  It’s funny how us golfers will always blame the club if something goes wrong but when something good happens, it’s all us! I’m guilty of this too haha
I think you'll love them Rick! Glad you went TaylorMade
Nice clubs.  Someone has to pay tiger Rory and Djs wages as well as the rest 🤣
Difference between the new JPX Tours? These P7MC look like the best irons so far from any brand. I’m happy with my 919s though 🤙🏾
I think these might be the clubs for me. I am in the market for a new set of irons. I currently have a set of callaway  warbirds witch I love but I broke my pw so it’s time to upgrade. I am not good enough as a player to hit blades but I hate the look of super chunky cavity irons. This set seems to be the best of both worlds.
I've got P790 irons but all these new ones look amazing.
Still waiting on a price for those Pings. Hit me up Rick
Now you have your new irons. How about a completion between you and Pete.
this is exactly what I was expecting !! nice pick rick.
Well might as well send me your old ones 🤪
Your Lucky to be able to test your irons on the course before you buy.I are usually given a 7 iron to try on the range or course if I’m lucky.
These are retailing for £999 fully custom fitted👍🏽
I've been watching your videos for almost a year and love it. Who films you tho? I've never seen them get a shout out
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.Look like set of clubs from the 80s to me,sorry
Such a hacker Rick Shiels 😭🏌🏻‍♂️
I’m in the market for a new wedge and I would love to see you review some!
i like your choice of irons.  Because of my retired status, i have to watch money so I bought a good set of old/new Burner irons.  i also like your new choice of playing clothes.  I like the Professional Look. One and only one "criticism" is on other videos you "harp" on how hard it is to hit 2 or 3 forged irons.  I started plying Golf 51 years ago and all we had was forged sets from 2 iron to sw.   We had to learn how to hit everyone and back then i could Hit a McGregor 2 iron 235 from the Fairway with a Jack Nicklaus Ball Flight.  Please don't degrade a set of clubs based on how you can hit longer irons.  In All i like your Honesty in reporting.
In my opinion these are ugly.
how does compare to jpx 921 tour?
Should have got TaylorMade M3
Rick, great vid. It'd be awesome to see you review these against your old Wilson set. They seem awfully similar, in a great way.
I would love some new irons. Callaway pro series x12 is what im still using. They are probably almost as old as I am. My grandpa gave them to me.
I have recently motivated my 19 year old son to take up golf. He was hesitant at first, He has been taking lessons, I asked him to watch your videos and now he quotes things that you say. Golf is a way to spend time with my son, and you have been a part of this journey. Thank you.
I know this is a family friendly channel, but is it weird to get aroused by a set of irons? Asking for a friend...
What woods does rich play with
I knew it😎
What sets do you rate as 2nd and 3rd place to getting in your bag ?
TM going crazy with prices these days 🤦🏻‍♂️
Send the Blueprint across the pond. Come on mate. Help a brother out!    Good stuff. Keep bringing the awesome content. Mr. 1 Million. 👍👍👍🍺🙋‍♂️
So I got some old Titlest ap1 irons. Just wondering how you can afford all these new clubs lol.
I still think you should have went with Mizuno irons
I do remember you being keen on a set of Taylormade RS1 Irons because they had your initials printed on them lol. Surprised they beat out the 921 forged/tour combo set 🏌🏻‍♂️
Nice...but kinda boring 😂
$1,501 after tax before any custom fitting work.  Oof....
been waiting so long for this video !!!! can't wait to know which irons these will be, but I have a huge clue.
Nice Irons....Burn that shirt!!
I think these might be my new irons - Will definitely give them a try! Thanks Rick for the review!
What's happening with your ping irons?😉😉 I just don't understand what you mean when you say you struggle out of the rough. Maybe send them my way and I will have a try 😂😂(God loves a trier!) Great video as usual Rick! I am enjoying playing golf again after a 'few' adjustments from your videos. Keep up the good work 👍
Mizuno is better...just sayin
Pitchmark? Ballmark?
3:50 instant mic fix
I had a feeling when I saw these that they would be your new ladies. lol  They are definitely sexy. Seriously, they do seem designed to be right for a lot of different handicap levels. Great find, Rick!!
I think I’ve found my new set!  These irons look fantastic.  Some forgiveness with traditional lofts is so hard to find!
Rick best of luck a great pick I must say , I have a 12 year old set of forged Cobra play off 6 and think these might be a contender myself.
Yay! Finally a non bladed irons! They look fairly forgiving!
I thought you might have went with the Mizunos.... Good looking club. No combo set?
Man those irons look nice. I’m still gonna be rocking my Callaway Rogue pro set for a few more year though
Those clubs are absolutely beautiful. Very jealous. Lol
Rick, I love your videos but I have a quick question... are you constantly tired of slicing the ball? Do you really think you can fix your golf slice in only 15 shots? I'm going to send this message 146 times today and then you'll be where I am mentally.
its easier to hit a blade from the rough than a cb because the club goes through the grass easier
Well I’ll never be able to afford those and still afford tee times, kinda disappointed that you went with big corporation brand that just consistently gouges our wallets.  Play well
These irons look like a Mizuno MP-25 rip off.
Great vlog glad you have found your perfect iron, now can I have your old ones ha ha
Looks a little like a Callaway XForged 19. Nice change in TM lineup of irons though and will fit a lot of players.
Are you ever going to play in the pga again
In 3 months he'll change to TM woods... In 6 months he'll announce he's a sponsored taylormade YouTuber
Just picked up a Taylor made 60 degree and it’s amazing
Playing the P7TWs here. Wouldn’t change them for anything.
Nice review, excited to see your first round with them! Keep rocking the great vids!
They look like tweaked versions of my P770s I put in the bag (switch from Mizuno MP-69) two years ago
Rick testing cheap clubs: How do makers justify the price gap? These inexpensive clubs are not far off. Also Rick: I spend a small fortune every year or two on pricey new clubs.   ...and so we have found our answer.
These irons remind me a lot of mizuno MP-62
What is everyone else playing?  In my bag: -Mavrik Sub-zero Driver & 3W -Mizuno H4  2-iron -Mizuno JPX919 forged 4-GW -Cleveland RTX4 Tour Raw 54 & 58 -Toulon Custom "Austin" putter
How does these compare to the Wilson V6 irons? I know you really liked those irons.
Great looking and they seem to perform well - but the price is scary !!!!!!
Those cant hold a flame to my Wilson Power Chambers though!    Sike :(
Hi Rick, great video:) Have you ever thought about playing a splitset in combination with the TM 7MP?
Pricey
Rick, why don't you just hit a hybrid out of the cabbage?
These look so old to me! P7mb are the best looking irons I’ve ever seen!!❤️
921 tour has a bigger cavity than this and you topped it... IT'S NOT THE CLUB
you switch clubs like every 2 weeks! lol
Bring it on peter finch 😎
The 26 dislikes an hour in must be for the 19/20 juventus home shoes. I'd agree but like you too much to dislike your vids over shoes.
So you like these better than 921 tour???
Traditional loft? The PW is 46...
Nice irons👍👍👍⛳⛳⛳
I'd like to see a comparison between these and the 2017 p750's. Curious if there's really much difference
Much prefer Rick to Peter! Much better content
Loving them. How do you think they would blend with the 770s in terms of distance? Thinking MC from 8-pw and 770s for the rest. Is there a gapping issue?
The way your face lit up and the way you were talking about the MC's in the previous video I knew that they were probably going to go in the bag.
Rick calls a shot “okay” that I would be jumping up and down screaming happy about haha
You know you love the irons when you are too busy bragging them up you grab a wedge instead of your putter to finish out the last hole
They do look nice, I play with Ping i200’s
Congrats on getting them FINALLY !
I would like it if you did a vs MP29 MB against P7MB please 💪💪💪👍👍👍🙂 As well as your first 18 holes with your new irons 💪💪💪👍👍👍🙂🙂🙂
Hello Rick, love watching your videos.  Could you do some swing HELP videos using POINT OF VIEW glasses, like (https://www.zetronix.com/1080p-hd-ultra-wide-angle-video-recording-dvr-sunglasses.html)?  For, I feel my take away consistency starts is the most critical for constant contact.  Just a thought I wanted to share.
Hey Rick, Great shirt.
Thanks Rick.  I’m sold.  These will most likely be headed to my bag very soon.  Absolutely everything I look for in an iron as well.
Lover he videos Rick! I have been looking for some extra forgiveness on my driver I currently swing an Epic Flash Sub Zero. Do you have any recommendations on forgiving drivers? Would you recommend trying out the Cobra Speedzone?
They are for you Rick 💪💪💪👍👍👍🙂🙂🙂
Tm Golf has taken over the game. They now offer something for everyone now.
They look fantastic, they look a lot like the srixon z785s in my opinion
Far to expensive nowadays. Not a big lover of taylormade would prefer the mizuno. I like ping because the don't change as much as the others. You'll pay £1300 for a set that are out of date within a year.
Since I've been following Rick in lik 2014 he's had Ping,  then Ben Hogan, then Wilson, Ping again and now these.   Any others that I'm missing?
I've got them coming also, but I slammed a 770 in the 4/5 and went +1/2" and 1° up.  Same shaft.
When are you making merch?
So glad rick pointed out in an earlier video that blades hardly ever change, I'm still using my mizuno mp68s and have been for 6 years now, still haven't found a set that are as workable or feel as good as them yet so why bother spending 1.2k on new blades when they are basically the same just different style and name
Congrats! Looked like you truly enjoyed playing your new clubs.
Hey rick I have a challenge for you, play a couple of holes with an air ball
actually not a fan of the look of these
I would really like to change my set of irons as well, am still playing my Titleist DCI 981 irons. There are quite a number of stunning looking irons out on the market at the moment.
I’ve been using a free set of clubs my mom got from a prize at work. They’re john daily’s. Been like 10 years
Rick I struggle with fairway bunkers do you have any tips
Mannnnn. how does Nike sponsor Golfers if they dont even make clubs anymore.... BRING BACK NIKE IRONS!
Been looking at Taylormade irons! Recently upgraded to M6 driver, 3W, 5W.
are you going to get fit for different shafts?
Video needed on golf shoes for different weather conditions: wet, dry, humid, super hot, hot and humid....etc...
You do NOT need more forgiveness.  You're a pro.  More forgiving irons will only stunt improvement by giving you false feedback.  The muscleback irons of today are way more forgiving than your heroes of yesterday used.  Hitting the center of the clubhead is not THAT difficult, and when you miss, you should be penalized. For chrissakes.
Would these be something to look at as a college golfer? And test out?
Taylormade version of Mizuno MP64’s.
Rick they look stunning enjoy. Get up to Scotland and play👍⛳⛳👍⛳
Hi Rick, this ist just a small feedback and I hope you will read this because it's not a hate command or anything, it's all objective and from a fan perspective. I just don't know why you are not getting fitted properly for a set of clubs. The shafts are the important parts and the clubheads are just down to your skill, but a fitter could also make a blade more forgiving by using a particular shaft. But, you will always need to priorise because you will lose something, it's up to you what exactly. I also understand that this is marketing whise, gorgous. You just make hundreds of videos and I enjoy them really much because you intodruce those new irons. I work in a golfshop in Germany, so we always get introduced to the new stuff, for instance the mizuno marketing guy fot germany and so on. What I'm Just trying to say is, that I love your Irons or Club introducing Videos, or whatever you want to call them, I just personally think, that making a proper review is better and more objective. You can still make your "build your bag" series like Pete did.  Thank you for your videos and I just want to clarify, that this is Just a form of feedback from someone that is enjoying your videos. Cheers mate.
Why don’t you use mizuno mp 20 copper
Those irons look 🔥🔥🔥 loving the look of your putter what is it please Rick ???
Great video congratulations on the new irons. Can’t wait to see your first full round with then. Hopefully you have your friends in on it in a stroke play or skins game.  Seeing y’all cutting up and competing with each other is amazing.  Thanks for another great video!
They're basically re-hashed RAC TP irons, and then add 500 quid!!
They look like the Nike pro combo forged from way back in the day
I like how it’s the same day as the 7-mb video but you changed your shirt so it looks like a new day
Curious to why you wouldn't get a 770 4 iron, 1 degree weak in the set to give yourself more of a break in the long iron.
What about the P770? would like to see you try to get out of the rough with those.
Had a feeling it would be these or the Mizunos. Congrats on the new sticks Rick! Play well!👍
You should review Vice golf balls.  I get commercials for them all the time while watching your videos.
Hi Rick. Good choice! Can you tell us a little bit about the wear and tear after playing with these irons for 2-3 months? this would be great....because if you are spending some cash for new irons you want them to last a long time, which is definately not the case for all premium irons... Thank you very much for your video! Chriss
Hey Shielsy, nice clubs!!!!  Also PS, that shirt is totally screwing with me.... that design makes me feel like it’s not buttoned right or something 😂 Glad you found some irons you like!
Hi Rick, great looking irons, how would you compare these to the original P770's which I have in the bag? Keep up the great content 👏
Hey Rick, just start playing golfing around 8 weeks ago. Your videos have definitely given me more confidence in my game. Keep it up.
Top line looks like a game improvement iron. Ugly
Can i have your old iron? mine are awful!
Love the 6:04 shot
still look a bit scary! I'm off 9 but would want a practice round with them before committing £1300. Not sure if my pro has a set i can borrow - got a spare set?
You could park a bus on that top line. Not for me.
Is it me, or is watching Rick Shiels has become a daily routine? 🤷🏽‍♂️
Where does Rick get all this money?????
They look awesome.  Love the channel from Melbourne Australia
Love them they look awesome 🙂
I thought for sure you’d take a better look at T100. Look like blades from the top down with loads of forgiveness. Almost seemed like they were just glossed over in the review show. Anything you didn’t like back then?
I look forward to the price these will be at in like 2 or 3 years.
Over/under 4 months for another "I'm in the market for a set of irons"
Nice looking irons Rick! I play with Cobra FP still and love them
Monday - start of another work week. Fight my way through they day of meetings and calls.  Notification that Rick posted another video. Well hello happy Monday!!!
I actually don’t like the look of them
Can’t wait to see the full round video! I’m in the market for a new set as well. I’ve loved seeing you test different sets!
Those are pretty but I personally like the p7mb more. I have MP 14s now and am considering those Taylor mades
Thanks for all the tips getting my drive over 200 yards with aqua range balls
Disclaimer: He changed irons for the benefit of his bank account from TaylorMade😂😂😂😂😂
They look almost as good as my 20 year old Rapier irons 😂😂
Hey!!! Rick  James here your #1 fan !!! Still waiting for the winner of  the 1 million subscriber "A DAY WITH RICK" OH YA I hope its me   What a great time it would be  Oh yah you were giving some Clubs away also I want to win  A Day with Rick  Anyway looking forward see Lot more Great Vlog  Who Know One day I might be in one With You !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great video Rick can you explain your definition of a mid hcapper with reference to this article. Also i am keen to know ASAP what wedges you would use to compliment this georgeous looking set of p7mc irons
Yes good choice getting rid of the blueprints after all they are designed for players like Tony Finau, Miguel Jimenez and Louis Oosthuizen...Glad to see you haven't got your jumper on and beanie with it being 31 degrees outside :)
BTW, what do you do with all your old clubs? Old bluey is about the only thing left
Can we get a head to head of those against the Titleist T100's?
He didn't try to shape them like he did other irons (at least from what we saw). I partly get the feeling he had already decided to buy these before even testing them
Repent for the kingdom of Heaven is at hand.  Jesus is coming.
Rick - do those irons remind you of the original p770's?
not a fan of the look
It's interesting you don't like the blades out of the rough but these make such a difference. To me that's purely mental confidence. I find blades slide through thick rough so nicely. Having that small head gives me confidence in going to get to the ball. I play Titleist MB's, have for many years. Since the AJGA days.
They look great. Nice to see you happy. They are a bit pricey for me but maybe in a couple of years when the price drops.
Those new Players range from Taylormade are stunning and are what dreams are made of.
Im still using my 40 year old hogans aha
These are average looking irons really.
Would be interesting to see how these stack up against the Callaway X forged irons both look very similar 👌 keep up the great work Rick
Beautiful irons
For £1300  I would expect the M.C. to stand for Miracle Cure.   Great video, loved the camera right behind the ball in slow mo
Loved my TM Tour Pref MC's. Had to switch to Srixon b/c I couldnt do the price point. Great clubs
Still not as nice looking as the Wilson irons you used
TM certainly have their act together in the iron department now...
Would these be more forgiving then the TM P790 irons? Lol
Donuts are healthier then crystal meth
Love them thinking of same ones!!
all I'm going to say about new clubs is tiger woods scoring record for the Masters still hasn't been beat and that was with 20 year old clubs
I don’t know if this has been asked before, but any details of who’s behind the camera ? Do they do the editing, music as well  ? Nice use of drone footage
What driver u are using now . Those irons are good
Great video Rick and I love how you put all of these irons through on course "real situation" testing.  I've been playing Mizuno's for several years and recently switched to a combo set of Srixon Z585 and Z785s.  Before you fully commit to these TM P7 MCs, would love to see you hit the new Srixon ZX7s.  I haven't seen you review them yet.  A big deciding factor for me on my switch was the Tour VT sole.  Don't commit yet!
Is it just me or did Rick get a new camera? I don't recall the uploads being in 4k60 in the past I only remember standard 4k. Either way, keep up the videos! They're great!
They look nice, Taylormade have always been my preferred irons even though I'm currently using Titleist AP2..
I think Taylor Made has hit it out of the park with the looks department. My game requires a little more forgiveness than any of the irons you’re looking for 😁 and the price point of them are a little more than I want to pay. Though I can afford them I’d rather have a few extra bucks left over to throw a wedge or two or fairway metal in the bag for the same money
You  b like these better than the Mizunos? Man I thought it was going to be the Hogan’s
As soon as I saw the vid title on the subscriptions I literally just out loud went ‘wheeeey, about time’
What's your new driver?
Would love a prize
Still wondering why you never tested Srixon 785. They look the same as these.
Dude sooooooooo sleek. Still waiting on my clubs Rick lol :) definitely may be my next set as well. Or a combo of MC's and MB's, 770's need to hit with
I simply can't believe these feel as good as the JPX Tours, and are they really any more forgiving? Both seem pretty damn similar in terms of player profile. I'm no super low handicapper but I absolutely smash my Tours. Can't hit a blade like I hit them, they are much more forgiving. Gotta say the 919s look better than this year's model, I think anyway. In terms of looks these are absolutely gorgeous.
Beautiful looking irons!!!
Great choice! Can I have your old ones? :)
Love those tight white trousers. Very revealing
Rick those irons are taylormade for you I hope you really enjoy the pleasures of those m c great videos well done Rick wot a lovely set of irons
What is the tool you use to cut balls in half?
Awesome Rick, I’ve been playing mizuno for over 24 yrs & just got my P760 last week, like them lots, only used them 3 times, very happy
Rick having seen those mizunos you hit thought that was awesome but sounds like these are your new friend
Yuck!!!
I don’t like the back look to them but the face is damn pretty looking
Hi Rick, awesome video. It looks like you found what your looking for. I’m surprised you haven’t tried the Hogan PTX PRO Irons, you said love Hogan Irons.
You choose the ugliest irons in the lineup..
Not too surprised. They look like slightly stronger lofted Wilson V6's Rick had in the bag for a long time.  Great looking choice. I only wish they would add the option for a G in that set. Looks like P770 is the only set to offer the Gap
Let’s see how they get on in a matchplay situation !
Hey Rick I was wondering are all the irons that you test are they at your specs
52k Rick. They look really nice. Had mine stolen with my car recently though so I’m playing on a budget at the moment!
Really like the look of these irons, been thinking of changing mine for a while, once we are out of lockdown in Australia I think I’m going to go and try these out, for me only downside is the price but think if get will hopefully make me play more golf, good luck with the new irons, I’m sure you will beat guy easy with them
Ugh that fat top line is extremely off-putting. I couldn't look at those at address. A good player's cavity back really ought to have a thinner top line IMO.
Mark crossfields viewer's wouldn't even know taylormade has a new range out....apparently taylormade still hate him😂
Does it make a difference upgrading irons that are only a few years old (like your wilson's)?
comparison with 921 tours?
Nicke Irons - I belived you should change to Srixon or Mizuno for the fel..
Any reason you didn't consider a mixed set Rick? Seen some players sticking with blades for 7,8,9 but then moving to more forgiving clubs down from that.
Kinda gave away the big reveal with the title. Should of at least added a question mark! =) Great looking irons though, if they were in my price range they would be right at the top of my list (which is probably a common refrain).
Did you combo them in the longer irons with the 770? That the way I would go.
Looking great i like TM it's just the price !
Very nice Rick, good looking irons
it was not hard to pick   I am a long time TaylorMade user and the hype behind these has been phenomenal, welcome to the TM  club Rick
Great video. Classy editing
Lovely looking irons but the price is ridiculous and will prevent a lot of players including me from investing.
Any consideration to do a combo with MB in short irons or no point?
How do you always seem to find the courses that are basically empty? Must be nice.
Hope they are in the bag for a long time
I'm confused is it a cavity, muscle cavity or blade he used all three terms in this video describing these
Lovely
You’ll be changing these in 6 months !
You know what else I’d love to see rick, you make me the luckiest bloke in the comments and give me your old ones 💁🏽‍♂️
Time to challenge Pete with the new clubs!!!
7:09 why don’t you do a head to head with a blade or a chunky iron, you won’t see a difference!
Is old Bluie still in the bag?
I still play with Taylormade tour preferred blades love them
You should have given the Mizuno MP20 MMC's a shot. The older MP18 SC's are great as well.
It felt like Rick new they were in the bag before he even tested them                             Great vid Rick
Thoes shoes are fire
Rick , these really aren’t more forgiving than blades, certainly not noticeable on one shot!
I have the p.790’s and looking to upgrade... so this vid really helped... gorgeous looking bats 👍🏼
Very Nice clubs!
Those are some nice looking irons I’ve been playing the calaway x irons they are a bladed iron and I’ve had them in my bag for 10 years now but I’m in the same boat I’m looking to get some new irons
I still can’t believe how consistent your golf shots are
These look just like the bridgestone j40 irons that Matt Kuchar was using a few years ago
They look great.   Enjoy!
What happened to the Hogan irons from couple of weeks back. You played them really well
Test the Cobras!
Good video
Are the irons that you test fitted for you rick and do you fit yourself or get somebody to do it for you ?
Looking forward to the full round update. Welcome to the Taylormade Team! Lol
Anyone here can u please help me in buying my first golf set just entering into golf nd i know lil to nothing about what should i go for - thank you
Nice pick
Hey Rick, do you think the slight milled face on these will start tearing up your golf ball? Good looking clubs though!
These are similar to the Mizuno MP18 SC that you gave a rave review to a couple of years ago.  Mizuno we’re charging c.£800 at the time making these TMs very over priced IMO.  Good luck with them though. https://youtu.be/w1_yjOqzj3g
Great video, congrats on the new clubs Rick. Time for a rematch with Finchy
You chose my little brother. I play the Tour Preferred MCs, and love them. Great choice!
Congratulations on the new irons. They look amazing!
Rick, I would love to see a review on the Srixon ZX5 and ZX7 irons. I think you should throw those in the mix of possibly new irons
These look 100% the same as the TP irons from 2006
Was rooting for the Ben Hogan Icon irons to make your bag.
50k views in a hour. Damn shiels. ✅
Are you really getting any added forgiveness with these from the MBs? That was my concern, similar to the way CBs don’t really offer anything that MB doesn’t in the Titleist line.
Anyone wanna sponsor me for a set of these??? Great clubs Rick!
Would these play well for a beginner with high hopes? 😅
Those look pretty bladed to me 😂
Let’s see a video of you playing 18 with these beautiful irons!
i have said it before and will say it again. Why do you quote RRP? £1299 Is not the price for 7 irons! i have been quoted £130-£135, which is between £900-£950, big difference.
Look fantastic Rick. Taylormade have to be No 1 of manufacturers at the moment in golf.
Nice looking irons! A little out of my price range,  but maybe one day!!
Anyone else who knew the second these came out they would be in his bag? Love Rick but I dont like TM it's so overpriced...
Good luck with the new irons Rick 👍
I like how you hit that 5 iron within a few yards of the lake to get that nice background scene for the next shot ;)
Maybe in your next course vlog with your new set you could address shaping.  You touched on shaping with the other 2 models in Taylormade's lineup but not with your new irons.
Beautiful set of irons. Nice shirt too.
Why not just go back to your old Wilson set?
How would you compare to the Wilson V6’s?
Weaken a p790 4i and 5i, use p770 6i and 7i, then 8,9,p,s could be your more blade iron or these mc.
Hey rick I’ve been looking for new irons but I can’t really afford anything worth getting. Do you have any recommendations for cheaper irons
Congrats Rick! They look awesome
Well there's a surprise "Taylormade", there must have been better that you did not try.
Not the Irons Rick.... YOU are beautiful. You’re a beautiful man Rick.
Rick:  i wouldn't just change clubs in my bag... i want to be objective...  Taylormade: here's our new product...wink*  Rick: Hail Hydra!
Hey you tried 718 ap3 titleist irons?
Nice looking irons.  Looking to replace my amazing Adams irons soon...
I had TaylorMade MCs from 2011. Those were the greatest irons I’ve ever owned. Now I have the MC line up from 2014 and they are great too. TaylorMade MCs blow it out the park. So good
Just got my set of Ping G410 irons last week. I can’t wait to get out and swing them!!
I hope I didn't miss the giveaway!  Love your videos.  I still suck but I'm having more fun.  I've stopped keeping score so I can stop getting so mad/annoyed/discouraged, etc... Loads more fun when you don't keep score and you're not worried about missing a shot or shanking a ball.
Would you ever try Miura tc201 or cb 301 or even honma tr20v I feel like these clubs get over looked by youtubers
go for it rick well done
Great looking, confidence boosted
TaylorMade
They are similar in looks to my existing old Nicklaus High CT irons that I've had for many years.
Hideous looking fat, chunky top line.
congrats! im also getting my irons this week. cant wait.
Why not try PTX Pro? Deal with TM?
Nice clubs, but how much are they?
Man.. I hope shiels picked me lol 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Saving money for a set. Still using Adam's idea clubs
Thanks. Really enjoy all your shows. And a TayloylrMade fan !!!
Rather cool, good job we don't need the holiday money!!! Sssh!
"I'm such a visual person when it comes to the looks of clubs" lol
I guess the irons on your ig a while ago
Nice one Rick all the best with the new beauts
"I'm not saying it was the Irons but they were definitely part of it"👍
They look great , but at that price, I would go Callaway or Titleist
Hey rick!  I am from India and playing golf for about 9 years and looking for new irons and my age is 14 and my handicap is 3 so can u please suggest me which will be better irons for me because I like the Taylormade irons a lot
Why these over the JPX921 Forged. Just curious on what tipped it to the MC.
Great video Rick and well edited, great choice on irons they look “the nuts”
Nice irons!
Clubhouse golf have these for £859
Titleist or NOTHING hahaha!!
Been watching for years!!!  Love the new content, format and feel of your channel - 10/10 would recommend ;)
What a set of clubs! The look, the sound, the consistency 👌🏻. Congrats on the choice and I hope your game does improve. Much love from South Africa 🍻
Great review. So when us at they have found their way into your bag do you mean you have to buy them? Thought you would have got them free for the review
I love the fact that old bluey is still in the bag through all this time.
Congrats Rick those look awesome.
Good luck with them!!
Lol knowing rick 2 months from now "My New Irons"
Rick love the new irons! Have not really been much on TM irons in the past but those are some gorgeous clubs! Have you considered putting the P7MB 8, 9, PW in and making your own combo set? Lofts look like they'd line up pretty nice. I know you're looking for a bit more forgiveness but you could obviously still game the blades in scoring irons EZ
Looking sharp out there on the course!
Awesome video Rick and what a set of irons. Looking forward to seeing what your first proper round goes like. Keep up the great work!
I like using difficult clubs because I feel like I can get more info on my swing
Rick you gotta stop making me want to spend all of my money on new clubs!! What exactly do you do with all these clubs once you have tested them?
Shoe Game is Fire 🔥
I’m glad you found something you’re comfortable with
1300 quid ooooooooof very nice looking clubs though
Beautiful irons.
Enjoy your videos!
They look amazing
Class video, enjoy the news clubs bud 😍
Taylormade really have done themselves proud this year with this series of irons. The past few years I just didn’t like the look of any of them. Your hitting your numbers, you like the look of them they giving you confidence , everything you need from your irons. It’s defo a trust relationship😊
Those are some seriously nice irons! But, holy cow they are expensive. I am positive it would be a hard sell to get the misses to green light that purchase :)
I like watching your videos you keep putting out. I'm new to the game just started back in April. I never knew that golf would be this much fun.
Love the clubs
Great video Rick never miss an upload
Love this! My dad (a 6 hdcp) has been playing with the same set of Taylormade TP forged cavity irons since 2005! They are pretty worn lol but he doesn't care. Nothing else compares according to him. They look eerily similar to these- I'll send him the link maybe these will finally be the ones he can upgrade to! Thanks Rick!
You’ve made me want to put them in the bag after that video!😱👌🏻
Looks awesome!! I’m gonna have to go try them.
These are the ones Trottie is most excited about too. Rick, are those grips cord or rubber? Z is typically cord, but those look rubber.
Hey Rick. Wanna win the giveaway so badly. Insta:@abner.j_13
Fantastic looking irons, but pricey for me. Looking forward to seeing your first round!
OMG I CANT BELIEVE I GUESSED THE IRONS IN THE LIVE BEFORE THE VIDEO!!! HELL YEA. SAME IRONS I WANT.
Great videos Rick. Helped my golf improve massively👍🏼
Nice vid Rick love the look too might have to go try some myself!!
Rick, great video. Are these irons fit for a 10.1 hdcp? Thanks
13 minutes passes by way too fast when watching Rick's videos😂
Awesome! Congrats Rick love your channel
I have very old Dunlop Invicta oversized cavity back irons which i like and am still using, but i'm definitely looking at new irons. I'm a bit of a callaway fanboy and if i had the money i'd probably go for the callaway apex, but the TaylorMade irons are creeping on my radar thanks to you and the reviews. On another note, and i know they live in the US, but have you thought of a collab with Garrett n Micah from GM_Golf? Would be nice to see you guys play a match together.
Nice irons, silly price. With other options that are just as good at a better price from the likes of Mizuno etc I personally couldn’t justify the extra cost. But of a rip off me thinks
Congrats mate. I love my P790’s
Wonder if these are what Justin Rose is playing.
Could you test some of the pxg putters/ irons. I have a pxg blade putter and I love it!
Amazing looking irons, decent driver and good looking trainers... all the gear and somewhat of an idea 😉😂
They remind me of the TM RACs from 20 or so years ago.
The word you are looking for is stamped on for the logo,silly expensive irons
Great video! Is your driver the sz or sz extreme??
Can you do an old school TM MC vs the Mizuno 921 Forged with the numbers please? I reckon Mizuno hands down.
Option 1: practice hitting out of thick rough, Option 2: buy new irons
What watch is he using? He glances at it to get distances.
Worst thing about TaylorMade iron is they are never gapped correctly. There’s always 1 gap, usually between 8-7 or 7-6 that is either 5 yds or 20 yds. Their loft QC teams (in the USA) suck!
Would love to know what’s goin on behind the senes. With over a million subscribers Taylor Made be paying you very handsomely for sure. Yup I’m totally jealous, fair play 👍
Great video and irons. I still play a hand-me down set of Ping Zings😂
There goes my next stimulus check!
I’m looking for new in spring Rick, as a solid 8 hdcp, do you find the 921 hot metal easier to play say over what you reviewed here, or what I play Srixon z585? I’m wanting to see ping and new z5’s before pulling trigger. I know one thing. I’ve had almost every new iron in last 3 years and z585 best but I’m liking 921 look. Just looking for your thoughts cheers.
Love them new irons!
Literally looking at these yesterday for replacement of my MC forged!
About 2 years ago I switched from Ping irons to the Taylormade RSI2’s and I couldn’t be more happy with them. It broke my heart to get away from pings since that’s basically all I’ve played since I was a kid, but I still have the Ping G30 Driver, 19• hybrid, and 3 wood!
Hope your enjoy them Rick
Those irons look great. Did you ever try the Titleist T-100 irons?
Love those! Would combine with 770s for my new set.
I liked one of your closing statements which is a great fact from today's technology. These clubs would fit a wide range of golfers.....from a mid-handicaper to a Pro. Many of us are still forcing ourselves into models that do not accomodate to our game. Would take this video as a feedback and great tip in club selection, test, test and test before selecting. Thanks Rick
You constantly change equipment without any improvement in your play, so this is another pointless equipment commercial.
Nice irons! Wish they were slightly cheaper though.
Congrats Rick on finding your new favs. Wondering if your sticking with the Taylormade wedges that rust over time or something else?
Good irons but expensive
They look great rick
I'd love a set of these, they are gorgeous!
Those look so similar to the Srixon Z785.... Hmmmm🤔🤔🤔. It's almost like they might have stole 90% of the design from Srixon.
Great video rick. Watch them daily. 👍
I’ve got a 6.8 handicap thanks to the help of your videos and advice on equipment
Class Rick. Loving the irons. TM smashed it with all the irons. Any chance they can smash the price so we can afford them 😂
Lovely looking clubs . Only been following you a little while but love the videos , your presenting style is 👌🏻
Maybe we will get the Super match against Pete Finch we were teased with months ago!!!
Video idea: range ball vs pro v1 9 holes. Love the videos Rick!
Love watching your channel. keep it up
Very shiny! Look forward to seeing you score well with them!
Thicker top line than I would have expected, your eye to appreciate.
They are nice
Love a little Taylor made! I do love Mizuno stuff as well but I would take any irons at the moment 😂 Great video! Great golfer! Great channel! Keep up the awesome work man!
Congratulations Rick.
I still have the taylormade tour preferred CB irons from nine years ago must give these a try
Dumb question but do you just play standard or are all these clubs you test fitted?  Just curious
Great effort Rick....keep up the great commentaries.
Looking forward to the first full round!  Enjoy those new clubs for all the rest of us that don’t have 1300 quid to drop on new irons. We’re all living vicariously through you, Rick!
This has been a really interesting video! I’ve bought the SIMs and it’s made me realise how strong lofted they are... 28 degree loft 7 iron, no wonder I’m hitting it 175 yards
Great looking set of Irons
Am also looking for new irons but as a 14 handicap am stuck in the middle of blades and cavities...have no idea where to go..
Good choice.  Guessed it from your last video when you said you’d review these later this week. Good looking irons!
Always looks quiet around your course Rick, very lucky. Also, love the new irons probably prefer the aesthetics of the 770s but no denying TM have nailed the looks across the board this year. Enjoy!
Gonna be a lot of TM haters out there getting on your case now 😂😂😂
Need help with my golf
These look like the old TM RAC MC irons.
To be Honest. I dont like the looks of  the Mc's. The 770MB's looked much better.  But of course the MC'S suite ur game better. I would have waitet for Mizuno maybe new MP Range. Not Sure if they have any in the pipeline...  Anyways... nice Video Rick:) Thunbs Up like usual. Keep it up
Doesnt sound too.clicky rick?
Irons look great. I had many people tell me Taylormade is the way to go.
Can you test the callaway maverick irons
Hi Rick from New Brunswick Canada. Very nice set. I will also be looking for a new set for next summer. I just got a used LH Cobra F8 from Golf Town and I love it. Thanks for that. Love your content and can’t wait for more. I watch something everyday. Keep up the great work.
I have been out of the game for about 15 years.  $1300 for 7 irons?  Holy cow.  I'll just have to stick to my 20 year old Titleist clubs.
Love the content and love the new irons.
Enjoyed the video Rick.  your videos are helping me improve my golf game.  Your videos on putting and the short shots around the green have been a game changer!
Im gonna be honest i think the Ben Hogans looked better the black ones!
Great pick Rick. Of TMs three new sets, these are the ones I could see myself playing too. Need that price to come down though. Enjoyed the vid as always.
I’m a bit of a TaylorMade fanboy but I’m not in love with how these look
They look great rick 👍🏻
I’m still playing those TaylorMade TP forged 2009 irons haha, might have to make the upgrade to these
Anybody know his opinion on getting fitted for clubs?
What did you go with for a new driver?
Thise things are ugly af
They are pretty sharp. I wish the TM logo was Black however, unlike Rick.
The best irons are the ones you have the most confidence standing over👌
Super!!! Hope they serve you well. 👍🏼
Congrats man, always nice to have new and more dependable irons. I myself got a set of MP-18 SCs this summer that are forgiving enough to really enjoy. Love em 😊
Great stuff Rick. Do you warm up with the irons or straight onto the course?
Not gonna try srixon zx7?
Congrats Rick! Glad you found something that works for you
Could have betted these would make the bag - look fantastic albeit pricey
Love those Taylormade clubs...but what Irons do you prefer for a 19 handicap. I have Callaway Apex 16's. I cant seem to stay consistent. So what irons would you prefer? Thanks...love your channel.
They look absolutely beautiful!!! I've been watching for a bit now and I've recently got my wife to start watching you and you've helped her out so much!!! Thank you for all you do for golf!!!
I guessed right on Facebook ⛳️🏌️👍🏻
How do they compare in forgiveness to your old Wilson V6 irons ?
Great choice!
Must be nice to get free upgrades and choices
Wow 1300 for the set!   Nice looking set.  Enjoy the new sticks
Rick, we need a Vice golf ball review.
Great selection Rick! I look forward to watching your game improve!
Yes, they look awesome, if you have the money why not. Thanks for showing.
Love the look of the new irons. Watch out Peter Finch. Rick is coming for you
I can’t wait to see the first round!
Almost as good looking as you lol
Wasn't he going with the Ben Hogans??
Mizuno mp20 mmc look 100 times better
Hi Rick good video but I would say wait for the Mizuno 921 before choosing. Steve
I bet if you tested these against the blades you’d notice sod all change in off centre hits. I think it’s just a mental boost in terms of the cavity and shape that’s making the difference.
Came from the Instagram live. Meant to be getting ready for worked but dropped everything to watch this video.  Lovely shiny clubs! Wish you the best of luck with them Rick :)
I was totally wrong.  I had my money on the Mizunos.  Did not think you liked TaylorMade irons.  Well Done.  Good Luck with the new set.  Now go beat Peter Finch.  😉
I like my current irons (Callaway RazR X black) but have been considering an upgrade... so much money though 😢
Huge fan of the finish. Look good, feel good, play good!
Never hit a set of Taylormade irons. Looks like I might have to change that.
Rick just thought I'd let you and everyone else know these irons your testing and the p770 irons are £999.00 pound on clubhouse golf for 4-pw 😀
Could really use a new driver...just saying
Next Year Rick: “I’m gonna want something with a little bit more forgiveness”.  Also Rick: Check out these blades!
they look good keen to try some
Please show the whole round....don't leave out any shots!!
Nice! Great video
Great video and great looking irons.  So glad that TaylorMade is going back to the old school looks/lofts.
Come back in two weeks when Rick chooses his next NEW IRONS haha
Glad you found your new irons..... too bad they are oooglee....(in my humble opinion) I personally do not like the looks of any Taylor made iron....but then again, I am a hack golfer so take it for what it's worth :)
I'm still playing with my TaylorMade MC 2012 irons.  Still love them.  Haven't found a reason to upgrade just  yet...
Hello Rick, just want to say thank you for the videos you put out. You actually restored my passion for the game. Love all the Challenges you do! Come play Phoenix AZ! #playgolfyearround  #yearroundgolf #wintergolfaz
Congratulations on the new irons! Nice looking irons! Now go beat Peter and Matt on the golf course with them!!!
I need to try them out! Looking good 👍🏌🏿‍♂️⛳️
Hey man I play ping i3 o sizes still. I put new KBS shafts in them this year. Should I upgrade? I play a descent amount of golf...
I've been waiting patiently for your review of those irons. Thank you for a good review
I love Taylormade irons, and have some 2012 TP forged, but there's no way I could justify nearly £1500 for 3-pw! That's serious outlay for clubs!
I knew it
When you're as good as Rick is do irons really matter that much
Great vid and great editing
Some what resembles the Mizuno MP 25 but not as chunky.
Are the grips the Z grip cords or rubber?
Nice one dude; you certainly looked more confident with those clubs; you played some great golf too. Well done. Looking forward to watching your first official round with the new clubs. I'd still go with the new Mizunos personally; I'd need all the forgiveness I could get if I ever managed to get back out on a golf course! Be well dude.
Misheard this on the IG feed as a 40minute video instead of 14
Good looking irons for sure! Do they compare to the Titleist 718 AP2’s look somewhat similar.
Nice clubs Rick!
Learn something new from every video👏🏼
Comparing to the old  P750, how does this P7.MC feel and perform like?
7:15 the moment you realised they are here to stay. Beautiful looks, great feedback and all the support you could hope for!
Great looking irons. When are we going to see the rest of the mizuno jpx 921 irons?
Why are these TM irons twice the price of a set of Srixon irons? Can't be the looks surely! Have you tested the new Srixons yet?
Do you get all these clubs for free because there all very expensive??
What driver is rick using?
These clubs are gorgeous. Will hopefully be picking up a set soon!
Lovely looking irons. Bit pricey though!
the new irons look great.  can't wait to see you play your first round with them.
Those look amazing, I am currently playing Taylormade M3 Irons but am now thinking of upgrading to the MC's
Love the new irons taylormade awesome
Love the irons Ric !! I was the one on your Facebook live that said “Shot Gun” your old irons 👌 love the videos thank you for sharing your new irons
Awesome video. These are good looking clubs
Beautiful looking clubs and great to see even the pros looking for the more forgiving clubs. Enjoy em!
I want to see the Mizuno ST 200 X go up against the P 400 G max
I have just started playing golf because of you thankyou it’s great fun isn’t it
Any chance you can review the new srixon irons?
Sweet looking and looks like the Sixron 785’s.  Very nice set. Might have to check them out
I can only afford a set of irons for around £800 at most, any chance u can do you a video on the best mid range irons for sale on the market. Thanks
TaylorMade does it again! ✊🏽
Love your work Rick. Keep the videos coming
I’m a sucker for Taylormade irons. Played the 2014 MC irons up graded to the p730 irons. Should I be playing the 730 irons. NO but I don’t want a club that lies to me. If I miss the middle it will tell me.
Great looking irons Rick, hope the hit like darts for you. Looking forward to doing more research myself for a new set this offseason and appreciate all of your reviews!!
Yes Great Video you are the best
Purrrrty! Can I have your old irons? 😂 I think I’m playing with 15 year old clubs.
Been watching a few of these Club test videos - loving them. However at the end of this video you say these are aimed a mid teen handicapper down! Fine but I fall into the hacker category, not played for a few years now coming back.. Handicap if I had one would be around 30 so what kind of club should a guy like me be looking to start with - certainly not something costing £1300 a set! I would also need something with a lot of forgiveness etc. Might make an interesting video to take a complete novice and kit them out with different types of clubs and show what difference clubs make
Looks fantastic
Can I have your old ones?
👍🏽
Just out a mixed set of the MCs and the MBs in the bag, unreal what taylormade has done with these irons. The right amount of nothing.
My Taylormade R1 is shot. Crack on the angle adjuster. What driver is Rick playing now?
Good luck Rick can’t wait for storage room vid 🙏
Watched it as soon at it went live. Already watched it twice to be honest.
Could you blend the 4 and 5 iron with P770 line or are they too different to look at?  Im about 10-11 handicap.  But from this video it seems like the 4 and 5 aren't that bladey so maybe not needed.  What is your carry distance and club head speed on the 4 iron?
What driver are you using?
How are those new shoes Rick?
Loving the new clubs. Have fun with them in the future!
congrats on the new clubs Rick! Love the content
Loving the videos!!! Round of golf with yourself for the giveaway 👌
Always honest,  helpful assessments and lessons. Thanks
Lovely irons nice one
Look spot on them
That price is wrong. They are £999 for 4-PW
Look great! Enjoy mate!
All you’re videos are a Big help in improving my overall game.
Good work! Look forward to the full review.
Let’s see how they get on
👏👏👏👏🤞
Had a feeling from your previous videos this would be your choice!
Great review
Love the videos Rick! Would the 770s have gone in the bag if you got the hole in 1? 😂
Started really refining my swing after watching videos you and Peter put out. Have been seeing more consistent results as of late!
I appreciate your simplicity approach of golf improvement that reaches all golfers.
Get these in shops £899
Great video! And awesomr to see a pro like yourself struggle with your irons and therefore look for new and better options!
Well done, young man! What is the O/U for when these are replaced?! :)
Rick, 130 gram shafts? Can you do video on shaft weights one day soon? 130 gram shafts are like battle axes. Have you ever considered going lighter? Like 110 gram weight to see how it affects your swing? Interested in shaft weight, and not really stiffness. Or does weight also affect stiffness?
For a mid to low high handicapper would you blend the 5,6 in p770 then 7-9 7mc and a 46 degree wedge?
Nice looking but £1300 for 7 irons - Taylormade gone mad....
Shit! You just had to tempt me with these, didn’t you? These or the P770.... Decisions, decisions.... I know, you can send me your P770 9-iron which you won’t be needing now. 😎🏌️
Why don't you get custom fit for golf clubs? Wouldn't that be better.
Great job Rick, enjoyed watching the video. Your tutorial videos have helped me a lot this year. Keep up the good work.
Love the club choice and the video! Thanks for sharing
Good looking irons...
Well done
Finally got to comment on them lol love the milled face do u feel it makes a difference to the feel
how are they compared to the p760???  nobody is talking about the p760 anymore.... i  really liked the p760! :O
Nice.need overtime
Great video Rick, knew you were going to put these in the bag. Good luck with them.
Not surprised you like them - you’ve always said your favourite Titleist is the CB and this looks to be a very similar iron! Enjoy!
Great video these irons look amazing
These irons look amazing.  Love watching all your videos. You have helped me decrease my handicap to a 29.  Thank you !
Very nice set of clubs, great review
absolutely killing it rick!
Definitely the best looking irons you've tried!!
I knew Taylormade makes nice irons.  Hope you’re happy.
Been watching your vids for a while & been practicing by following your tips, and it's helped reduced my handicap down. Keep up the great videos 🏌️⛳. P S what do you do with all these sets of clubs you get? Thanks Bryan
Your videos have helped me  break 90 consistently...82 yesterday..thank you
Love the new irons. And love your videos, keep up the good work💪🏼
Love  your instructions Rick. They have really improved my game and course management. Keep them coming.
Your video quality and editing lately has been off the charts! Might have to add the MC's to the bag myself
They look so good, but man, they are soooo expensive 😑
Stunning looking set of irons Rick. Can't wait to see that first round, would love to see a 3 match series with Mr Finch and Matt Frier over next few months
Love your videos, they have really helped me develop into the golfer that I’m becoming. Keep up the good work
Congrats on the new irons, enjoy. Must say, I've enjoyed the chain of videos recently as you've been looking for new irons.
Always fun to watch your videos and I'm learning alot! Can't wait for the full 18 with the new clubs!
They look class, a little out of my price range 😅
Have a Taylormade fitting day near me soon, definitely pumped to try out these as well as the P770. Playing the 760 right now!
Stunning set of clubs and looks like it's all over for Duffed shots from the clover. How about a video on swing advice and strategies for the (Ahem!) Older golfer?  Keep going with the great content!😎
I don’t think I’ve ever been in love with a set of golf clubs like I am with the P7-MB  blades. They are perfect but these irons remind me a lot of the old RAC irons. I gotta stick with my blades tho good luck with the new irons.
Very nice looking clubs 👌
After watching the video, it’s easy to see how your level of confidence has sky rocketed with the new irons. You just like like someone who’s going to go pin hunting on every hole. The irons are out of my budget but if you could recommend something (if there is something) similar, what would you recommend? I’m in the market for new irons, and I was even thinking of trying the one lengths from cobra, but I love the results you’re getting from these. I am currently playing to a mid single digit handicap but I have zero confidence with my irons, taylormade your preferred, so basically these irons from 7 years ago
Congrats on the new club choice. the P770's may be a bit sexier...but I love the look of the P7MC's. TM knocking it out of the park with irons this year...
I was number 74
Hi Rick! Thank you for producing awesome content! :D
Great review Rick, love the on-course feedback, so much more informative than just launch monitors and numbers. Keep up the awesome work!
I’ve been playing for just over 18 months with a cheap second hand set of clubs and have got to 18 handicap.Im looking to buy a new set of irons around the £750 mark any recommendations?
Those would be the irons I would choose too from the new line of Taylormades! I love the look of them!
Hey Rick love the videos!
I have a set of TaylorMade r11 irons that I have loved from the first swing! Been wanting an upgrade for quite some time and I think my game may finally be ready for something like these MC's! Great video Mr. Shiels!
This is my dream set, couldn’t wait for this review🙏🙏🙏
Hi Rick, nice swap. Happy for you! Since i broke 90 for the first time this year, I think to upgrade soon too.
Those mc’s look so nice, after watching your videos about taylormade clubs they’ve made me love the clubs even more, thanks rick
Seen these for £999 4-PW £859 5-PW. So not as pricey as the original RRP. Beautiful irons!
Congrats on the choice! They look mint and are a definite contender to go in the bag for sure!
Looking good Rick! £1299.00 though, I just payed out £600 on some new Ping G400s and my Mrs has hit the roof better show her these as comparison to soften the blow eh! Liked/Shared for some Giveaway actions...
Nice review Rick - irons look stunning and appear to be a good compromise of performance with some forgiveness
They look incredible. £1300 is still more than I can afford for a set of irons, for the way I play anyway. However we can always dream!
Big Fan of TaylorMade anything! Glad you found your irons of the future! Love the videos!
These irons look absolutely phenomenal. Looking to get myself a set of p790s/p770s at some point. Excited to see the content to come
Hi Rick just finished watching the video on the new irons. Have to say they look very nice. The full first round you’ll do with them will be a good one to watch. Love watching your videos to help me improve on my golf game
Curious to see if the P7MCs start trending on all the golf Facebook pages and Reddit. Legitimately think Rick had a hand in the popularity of the Cobra F9 driver a little while back
Hey rick love all the shows and podcasts keep up the good work your videos do help a lot.any recommendations for some wedges for a high handicap 👍
Great video...nice selection..love them
I'm sorry but the price on clubs is getting ridiculous now. Decent clubs these day's you are up to £2000. Talk about a rich mans game now.
Mint videos Rick love your work mate!
Love these!!!
Was hoping for the Mizunos but ya gotta go with your gut. Glad you finally got away from those Pings lol
Beautiful irons
Gorgeous looking irons.Good to see you getting your confidence back on them shots out the rough.Get out on the course and so Pete how to qualify for the open 😂😂😂.Looking forward to seeing your first round with them
Hi Rick clicked over from live stream,I love Taylormade I’ve been slowly replacing my club with taylormade l think they are great clubs 👍👍
Rick were the shots out the rough your natural flight? Or was it more a stinger?  Cracking connection and sound! Very impressed.
Great looking clubs, I’ll use this as an excuse to update my bag I think which I’m sure will please the Mrs! Ricks fault
Excellent video like always.  Great choice for your new clubs. Have owned different tayloremade sets in past. Keep up the good work.
And I was thinking about getting away from taylormade irons. Going to have to give these a go.
These irons look pretty impressive. Will definitely have to consider them for the new set I'm looking for!
use me as an “i wish rick was my dad” button
I watched at 16 views, good looking clubs I need to try them out myself.
They do look outstanding 🔥
Those are stunning. Good choice imop. Best of luck with em 👍👍
Should have taken the new taylormade putter you tested the other day would have been a birdie
Welcome to team TaylorMade !  Still swinging my old RBZ max irons.  Enjoy the new set Rick Cheers
🐐
Lovely looking set of irons😍
Good looking set.. may need to check them out
They look very pretty! Don’t worry about a prize, I’ve not won anything since I got a teddy bear in the school tomboys in 1980!
Great video as alway. Saved my lunchtime for the video and was worth it!
Playing Ben Hogan Apex Edge Irons bought >10 years ago then being used already.  Time for new clubs so interesting to watch!
They look fantastic, it will be interesting to see if you see an improvement in your scoring consistently. Enjoy them 👍
Good luck with them! 👍🏻🤞🏻
Beautiful just need take Pete out and show him.the way.
RIP Ping Blueprints 2019-2020. Served rick well
I snapped my irons lol
Can't wait to see how the new clubs go in a head to head.  I would love to get a custom fit, but it's a lot of money.  My I'm 2 years in to my golf journey and my second hand clubs are still getting me out with my friends.   I would love to see the 'club cave' with all you older clubs.  loving your work on YT :)
Peter Finch better watch out!
Thanks for the heads up on facebook
Enjoy the video. Really enjoy how you encourage people to play for what works for them and not get stuck on what their buddies or pros are playing. That has made me enjoy the game much more.
Awesome, love them just wish I could afford them!👍😀
They look amazing!! I had the previous TM MC and I loved those too!!
Lovely clubs rick health to enjoy them
Really like the look of these, if I played more than once a week I could justify the price, but a bit too expensive otherwise.
Great choice there rick , they look awesome,  me being a lefty just wondering if you could get your hands on lefty clibs for give aways
Great video. I’m booked in at the Belfry to get fitted for some new clubs. Hoping this will help bring my handicap down some. Might then have a set of these one day! Keep the great reviews coming Rick. 👌🏻👍🏻⛳️
Enjoy your sticks as much as we enjoy the videos. Thanks for always providing us with such accessible content 👍
Wow, I wasn't expecting Taylormade. I just bought some M2's based on an older review of yours, shot 4 strokes lower than I have in the last 3 years with them first time out... 2nd time out, 3 strokes lower than avg... I'm happy with Taylormade, hope you are too.
Yesssir
Beautiful irons, TM has really hit it out of the park with their new lineup.
Booo Taylormade, Boooo. 👎
you know your a real fan when you refresh the page waiting for the upload and your faster than ur post notifications😂
Go with the P770’s for the 4&5 iron combo with the PMC’s.. beautiful irons.. remind me of the R9 B stamps..
Nice irons and good video 👍
Congrats on your new irons, Rick!
Love that you found some irons to fit your game, such a difficult thing to do with all the different types out there that all promise to be the best
Great choice. I fancy a set of the new P770’s
Thought it would have been long irons in the mc and shorter irons in the mb i thought you played well with the mb the other day , good choice tho rick
They really do look great. The golf pro at my club is sponsored by Taylormade. I will have to ask to give them a hit. You seem very excited Rick!
Nice one Rick - you certainly look happy with them! Would love to see you review some Wilson Staff irons (keen to hear your thoughts on the D7s)
Great choice of iron's Rick they look stunning, would love to see you have a match with pete finch now with the new irons and driver
Great video as always Rick! Really love my TaylorMade M4 irons. They have been great to me this year and I finally broke 100! Beautiful looking clubs.
Hi Rick. Love you video. A lot help.
Nice video and review! Good luck with your new irons!
17850 views - those are stunning clubs!
Irons look awesome. Use them well! Hit em straight!  Great video
Nice clubs
Love the video Ric, glad you found the irons for you.  I am looking for a new set of irons as well so your videos have definitely been helping.  Hoping we both get the results we are looking for with our new clubs!
Another great video Rick and they’re some really good looking irons you’ve chosen.
Taylormade really seems to be leaving the other OEM's in the dust. The sim driver/wood line up is amazing , the new line of irons look visually stunning and seem to perform the same. Callaway teasing what looks like the Big Bertha tomorrow is really not all the exciting to me.. I am excited to try these out once they hit the shelves. Great video as usual and looking forward to the full course review. cheers
Keen to see a full round with the new set.
Wish i had thoses irons too! Good video rick!
Some of the best golf editing I’ve seen throughout this entire series. How close were you to putting a mix of the MB’s and MC’s in the bag?
Tip top vid fella. You and EAL must be doing wonders for Taylor Mades marketing. Got to say if I win the euro millions tomorrow I’ll definitely be treating myself to a combo of P770’s and P7MC’s. First set of clubs that I’ve seen that top the mizuno’s in looks. Only just mind. Cheers Rick. 😉
Striking well today. Irons look class
How good are Rick Shiels Facebook lives😍
Mc Rick coming at ya
Looks like these may be a contender to replace my 23 year old Titleist DCIs!!
Another great video Rick!! You should start doing big Q&A’s on your YouTube channel!   What irons would you recommend for a beginner struggling to break 100 on a good day?
Lovely irons them 👍 bit too pricey for the average joe like, but i bet they are real nice to use 👍all the best Rick 👍👍
Smashed it they look 🔥
Jealous of the natural draw, good luck with the new wrenches bud.
They look amazing! Can’t wait to try them! Look forward to watching your first full round with them Rick.
Good choice Rick. Coming away from the Blueprints is a big step. Some may say a Pro should have blades for shot shaping etc but this is clearly not the case. Why not give yourself a big of forgiveness?? I’m thinking of changing my irons and I’ll certainly be looking at these too. Best of luck with the new bats. 😃👍🏻😃
Those irons look fantastic!  Congrats on the new set!
These irons look amazing! Glad you've found something you get on with  When are you going to test high handicapper clubs?
Great looking set of irons - many thanks for sharing!
Hey Rick, great video. Quick question, did you play them straight out of the box or did you get them fitted for you? Cheers James
Good video, Rick. Loved my TaylorMade irons when I had them. Keep up the great work.
Hi Rick, loving the tutorials, made my first birdie on the weekend, playing with a Dunlop 65 set which I bought brand new 9 years ago!
Great looking irons. Thanks for the review.
Classic, beautiful looking clubs and they appear to be solid performers. The shot/POV at the 6:07 mark was just BRILLIANT! Loved it!
Brilliant video, love the irons but the price is crazy !! If money wasn’t an option I would buy them
Quality content champ 👍🏼
Love the excitement and satisfaction in your voice Rick.  Looking forward to seeing the first round.  Lovely looking clubs
Great video rick, wasn’t wrong about the editing👍🏻 clubs look unreal
Great video Rick! I have been waiting for the video on these as I am in the market for a new set! Needless to say i think these will definitely be on the list and pretty high up it.
Love your videos! They have helped me in so many areas of my game!
Smashed it out the park mate. Congrats on the MC in the bag.
Great vid! First shot with the 5 iron was class!
Awesome looking irons.... great video as usual! Keep up the amazing work thank you
I love the simplicity of these irons, no speed foam, no speed slots, just proper forged irons.
Wish I would’ve waited to buy new sticks. I’m a 2.7 handicap and went with the new Mizuno HMB 2-p. Numbers didn’t lie. Great irons. It was between them and the p-790’s. Mizuno won
To me these were the worst looking of the new taylormade lineup they look a bit antiquated
Great looking irons, I want to trade in my 2019 hot metal pros for these!
Great informative video Rick, noted the comment for mid teen handicapper to scratch. Thank you for putting this together, keep up the great work 👏👏👏👍🏌️‍♂️
Those irons looks amazing with great performance! Great reviews as usual Rick
I guessed  right  do I win . I need any driver mine as snapped twice
Love it! Taylormade has really stepped up their iron game in the last couple years.
Just started playing golf again this summer after a few years off and I found your videos a help to work out the slice in my drive
Great video Rick!!! for that forgiveness out the rough definitely worth the price.
I'm also looking for irons! Keep reviewing! Love the vids!
You are such a retro junky Rick!. They do look good, congrats and enjoy your new clubs!. Cheers.
Nice clubs!! If they give you confidence, then why not. Enjoy 🏌🏼‍♂️ ,love the channel keep up the good work 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼👍🏼
Had a feeling from how excited you where at the start that they where in the bag!!! I hope to have that look one day when I can get some nice high end clubs, TBF your right they look amazing so clean. Amazing video as always mate keep it up looking forward to more!
🏌🏻‍♂️👍🏻
I couldn’t agree more I deffo look for irons that are easy on the eye 👁. That driver is awesome tested it but out my price range atm great vid as always 👍🏻
Lovely looking wands! now do your magic on the course, go big or go homes, Mr Shiels
Great vid and great looking irons Rick ! 👍🏻
Hi Rick it's a no brain errrrrrrrr you are outstanding with them good luck in the future with them 🧔😎🏌️‍♂️⛳👍🏻
They look class!! 🥵
Beautiful looking irons!! Can’t wait to see what you shoot on your first round with them.
Happy golfing Rick with them beautiful mc's
Congrats on the new irons Rick! Great choice!!
So that gives you Taylor made 4- al wedges right?
Could we see a combo set video
Could have told you it's going to be those irons. Enjoy them.
Good review Rick and Spot on choice! Agreed they are expensive but blimey.... A classic looking club 👍
Finally!! Irons look great! 👍🏼
Look great
ill take your old ones ---- :D
Good video love the reviews like this
Hi Rick your new irons look great
Very nice
Love the MC's just beautiful. Wish I could justify parting with that sum of money but not to be unfortunately 😭🤣
Amazing video rick. Thanks for the good advise.
Look nice, tagged a mate who likes TM
Love the throwback vintage look to these irons!
Have fun with your new irons Rick! At last you found them! Great video!
Congratulations on finding your new irons!  It’s a great feeling to be excited about new clubs!  Enjoy! 😄
One of the best looking irons tm have made
Had yourself a bit of a hiccup on that livestream! Can’t blame you for throwing these in the bag
Nice irons, if they work for you then they are a great pick.  I just picked up a new set of the Callaway Mavericks, very happy with them.
Love the video, love the clubs. Can’t wait to see how you get on in your first round with them.
Great irons man, glad you didn't hit any birds this time
Killer clubs bro !! Happy rounds !
His polo adds 15 pounds
Great video as always Rick, maybe its time for a new bag to house all these new clubs this year 😀
Such a nice looking set of irons, shame they're so expensive
Very nice too! Nice work Rick. Hats off to the editors as well.
Love your content 🙌🏼
Finally got rid of the blades !!!
Get a chipper
I love the new irons!! I can see the joy on your face when you hit them well done!
Brilliant looking irons Rick, enjoy!!
Great to see you loving those irons Shielsy!
TaylorMade are going to absolutely smash it with all these irons this year. Amazing job Taylormade........ my wallet is crying already!!
Great video!
Excellent review as always.  One of those Nike carry bags would definitely suit me. 😉👍🏻 Good luck with the TM MC irons.
Stunning clubs
I game the cobra forge tour irons that look very similar. I love them! 11.7 handicap
Ooooooooo YES BABY ✅✅✅ Love your videos Rick!! I’ve never played competitive golf or even had a handicap but I’m learning so much from your videos and feel that I would confidently take anyone on the course, so thank you 🙏 ⛳️
He rick, they look amazing and you look like you enjoyed playing with them! Enjoy your new clubs 👍👍
Was hoping it would of been the Mizuno but good for year. Can't wait for the round.
Excellent review, greetings from West Virginia!
Awesome video Rick! #smashlike
Wow that's expensive set of clubs
Love the look of these irons! I just bought the P760s at the beginning of this year. Almost wonder if I should've waited 🤣
Great set of clubs
Another great Rick Shiels video.
Brilliant, in the market for new irons. Bit out of my price range but definitely might be worth holding out for these!
Love the irons man! I’m looking for a new set and this was very helpful!
Love em 👌
Love the look of these irons and loved following along on your iron journey. Keep up the great work and content. Your love for golf is infectious.
Keep the good content up Rick !
i’ll take ur old V6’s, great video as always
Love the new clubs. And the video
Well done...I’m still a fan of strong lofted irons though
New irons look wonderful.  Thanks so much for the tips as I’ve been able to make adjustments on the driving ranges.  I’m planning on playing at the end of this week and I’m looking forward to seeing all the tips come to good use on the course.  Thanks so much and looking forward to more videos.
What a video and I’m loving the new irons!
4 views before me. Love the new irons and good luck with the first full round!
Great video! So well put together!
Sweet, a new Rick video! Love it, hope these new irons do you well!
I knew it!! Hahaha they look amazing
Congrats on the new set!! Looking to get a set of Taylormades myself.
Great looking set. So nice to see these manufacturers catering for all standards of golfer with a very cool looking club. It doesn't have to all be about buying a huge head anymore.
Great looking set of irons tho maybe a tad pricey for me
Good choice Rick!🏌🏻‍♂️🏌🏻‍♂️🏌🏻‍♂️
From the live stream your vids really helped my short game but I surely need new irons being 191cm best wishes from Sweden 🇸🇪
Great Video!!!! I had a feeling those were going to be the irons
Excellent. Can’t wait to see your first round with them. I’m feeling 3 under?
Stunning set of new irons!! Cant wait to see the full 18 holes played with them!
Great vid shame about the price 👍
Nice looking set of irons!
shared the vid over on facebook! love the vids rick! imagine the first round with them is match with pete finch and you win!! hahaa
Hey Rick. Happy for you, you finally found your Holy Grail!
Love these irons mr 1 million plus lol, definitely best edited video and another great video hopefully they’ll stay in there for long time and your very lucky and privileged to have these in your bag could only dream of having clubs like these
Rick stepping up his game with these beats
Great video as always, Rick!
Another top quality video Rick, smashing YouTube! 🏌️‍♂️
If you need a new home for the blueprints Rick let me know!
Great set of clubs
Great Irons Rick! Perfect combo of performance, feel and looks! 🔥
Class review and video! Super edit! Hope you enjoy the MC they look slick. Play well!
Smashing irons Rick !!!
Awesome to see you test clubs on the course vs indoor. Thank you
Video editing 👌🏻🔥
Smart clubs! Nothing like a new iron to get you out on the course.
love the video
Looks good Rick! Can’t wait to see the official first video of them out on the course.
Hey Rick! Thank you for putting out your Fix Your Slice series. It seriously helped me when I was trying to straighten out my drive. I’ve recently re-gripped my own clubs for the first time while watching the Golf Pride grips video you did with Peter Finch a while back. Old or new, your content is gold!
Yay! Those look amazing! Also I love the shoes Rick! Been playing golf for a couple years and I am still terrible, but your videos help me and make it look so easy!
Awesome video
That shirt 🔥
I still play with my Titleist 710 AP2 work good for my game!
Mizuno has great irons, still have the MP 18 MMC.
Was thinking of getting p790s and mg2 wedges
Rick!! Test some PXG’s!!
Love your videos. These clubs have certainly put a HUGE smile on your face! Enjoy them.
I really would like to see you use the cleveland hb launchers on a course the look of them grow on you and they are just so forgiving
Not sure why I was so excited for this, but I was. Thought we had a 40 minute video coming!
I love seeing these videos and I’ve definitely been looking into some new iron, these look so beautiful.
And how long will these stay in the bag 🤣. I wish Miura would send you clubs to test as don’t see any reviews of them on YouTube.
What a beautiful set of irons! Congrats Rick!
Do you hang onto all of your old clubs or do you get rid of them? You could start your own Golfbidder store at your place if you held onto all of your clubs!
Best of luck with the Mcs Rick
Unreal vid man 👨
Of course
love this Rick, im happy it suits u man!!
Congrats on finding your irons!
Hey Rick! Hi from Tennessee! Love the videos they have helped me quite a bit.
To be brutally honest hate the look of these compared to irons like Srixon or Mizuno Blades
Kinda knew it was going to be TaylorMade.   Enjoy the new clubs Rick.
Those are some nice clubs. I think you made a great choice
£859 for six irons from some online retailers, extra £140 to make it up to the seven irons
But dissapointed. They look like an uglier version if the Mizuno Mp20 MMC's.
Beautiful!  Hope to get a set one day soon!
Im watching befor 10,000 views
Lovely irons Rick! 👍
Ok
Love the new edits Rick! Always pushing the boundaries.
Do a video where you play left handed only !!!
Love these vids Rick! I’m new to golf and new to the channel but I’ve already watched so many videos very helpful🙌🏻
Love the look of these irons. Great video as ever!!
Great looking clubs, never hit Taylormade irons before, worth a test me thinks. Good vid pal
Great looking irons, play well mate 👍🏻🏌️‍♂️⛳
I have enjoyed the reviews and golf tips. Thank you for what to do for your viewers. Glad you found your new set for irons.
Good stuff!
Nice sticks, Rick! You get fit for these? They look stock, but dunno.
Watching from Richmond Rhode Island I’ve watched all your videos in the last few days love them all and the 100 year old gold ball one was great
They look so nice! Great video
Are they blades or no? I'm a bit confused. Even still, they look SO GOOD. I'm not a TM fan, but these might convert me.
Sweet 🔥🔥🔥
Hi Rick. Really enjoy your videos. After watching one my bunker play has saved me loads of shots recently. Nice looking set of irons in your bag.
Great vid, very informative. Must have a swing of these.
Thank you for all the videos and insight!!
They look amazing Rick! Would you consider getting a combo set?
The new koepka shoes 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Nice clubs. Hello from North Carolina, USA. Thanks for the videos.
Great content Rick👍👍👍, any chance of you doing P7MC vs P770 for spin rates, feel and workability, I’ve currently got the P760’s but find they are just not workable enough for me 🤞🏻👍
Glad ur happy with them rick I thought u we’re going to throw a spanner in the works and go for a different set of irons still
Absolutey awesome! That middle shot from the rough is enough to give anyone nightmares. Can’t wait to see how they are for a full round.
They look massive Rick !
Love my ping G30s.  Your videos help me a lot.
Love the videos Rick irons look amazing!!!!!!
Hello from South Australia have a great day/week
Rumor from this Rick Shiels guy that there's a giveaway if you comment here!
Cheers rick!
Shoe game on point
Such a good looking set of clubs, with just a bit more forgiveness then a true muscle back blade.  For me I can't beat the feel of the Honma TR20B, things feel like butter...
Would be great to see you playing a full round with these rick and seeing how low you can shoot!
Welcome to the Taylormade family 🙌🏻
Looking good rick
Great Choice, they look amazing!
Beauties!
Hell yeah! You’re the best Rick! Bump and run!
Anybody else notice ricks love for this polo?
Impressive!
"A mid teen handicapper" spending 1300 quid on irons. wow
They are some sexy looking irons
Taylormade for life!!!
Well I was wrong! I thought Mizuno
Where are the rest of the set - counting 11 clubs - hybrid, gap wedge?
I knew it 😊😊
Pick me please 🙏
Great choice and a giveaway? Let's do this!
Uploaded 4 mins ago and already has almost 500 comments fair play rick you’re killing it
Callaway mavericks
Great choice! All the best with the new irons 🤙
I like them!
Good looking clubs.
Hey Rick, the new irons look awesome. Just found your channel and have been watching your videos all day. Between studying to become a teacher and having two kids I haven’t been on a course in a few years but your videos have me keen to dust off the old clubs and back into hitting some balls. Keep up the good work. Jace
If you add them to bag will you switch to adidas clothing lol
I want those clubs to
Love you rick you should review the M6 irons I am considering getting for a mid-handicaper ❤️
What driver did you switch to?
I would buy these clubs on the look alone. So much class.
MC = miracle clubs
Rick.... I stayed up 2 hours passed by bed time to watch this, it was 100 perfect worth it😂😂 love you work x
Irons looking absolutely crazy nice! Hope to afford swapping out my old Ping G10s soon💸
There r well nice!
Love the videos and would love to win
Hey Rick. Great set of irons. Love your videos. From Denmark
Absolute beauties 😍😍
Taylormade make the best irons 👍 will definitely give theses a try for my next clubs 👍
Look lovely clubs and I'm not a TM fan. Get these out 9n the course against Pete 😁
Awesome choice mate. Love the videos keep them coming
My son just started golfing this year. He is obsessed with your show. Thanks for the videos they are excellent.
Nice? They are sexy mate
Love the videos Rick, keep them coming!
Golf set completed. Now its time for a vlog golf game against Mr. Finch. Cant wait.
Great choice
They are definitely a good looking set of iorns
Love the way you’ve shown it from the same lie is the Blueprint! Perfect testing.
Love my Taylormades, hope you enjoy them as much as I do mine!
What driver are you using?
Love the content and advice
Not even 10 minutes posted and 1k likes. You the man Rick!
Meh, I'll pass.
Love these irons, great choice!
love the vids
Love it!
Looove them
Love the videos Rick, got me started on golf after putting it off for years! Your videos definitely helping me get better very quickly!
Beautiful looking irons! Nice choice Rick.
👍🏻
I knew you were going to pick those.
Here from the Facebook live - subscribed And liked - hopefully in with a chance of the random giveaway 💪
I love the older school look of the irons
Good looking clubs Rick. Thank you for providing some of the most enjoyable golf content on YouTube.
Love your videos ...inspire me every day as a junior golfer...thanks Rick
Love your videos, lots of love from Norway! I am new to the game of golf so my bag is not the most complete. Would love to win some new gear for my bag!
Nice job love the choice of the new clubs wish I could afford to get me some
Hey Rick, first hour viewer here.  Thank you for putting out great golf content.  Look forward to more of it soon.
Hello I just started playing golf and I dont  own any clubs. I play with my dads 30 years old clubs they are fine but a bit heavy. I have sold a lot of stuff so I can buy my own set. Do you have any tips when buying your first set? I love your videos!! Thanks
Love your videos!!
Oooo 😍🔥 I love the looks of these iron.
Can't wait till iv saved up for new irons!!! Love the channel Rick!
Those are some great looking clubs. I’m looking at cobra irons right now
Played my first 9 holes for the first time in 10 years this weekend... Not much else to say about that. I sucked.
I really want to win that prize
Hey Rick, your uploads are the highlight of my day. You've really helped me improve my game, especially my slice. Wishing you success with your new irons.
They look fresssshhhh
New irons in a new bag, congrats on the new clubs 🤙🏻
My first set of blades were the Taylor Made ICW 5's. Would certainly love to hit these!
Wicked - I’m also looking at taylormade P770 - I’m 15 handicap so need help 🙂
Hopefully the heads won't fall off. Great video
it’s going to be a good one fells
Yes..
Not the biggest TM fan, but those do look smart.
Great addition to complete and stunning set of clubs🔥 Nice one Rick! Killing it!🏌🏻
Gotta say watching your videos have helped me tremendously at the start of the year I was shooting 110 but now thanks to your tips and help I'm down to an 83 average thanks again for all the help.
Love watching your videos!!!!
Rick, great video as usual. Although, I cant afford to update, your hints and tips have helped me out loads
Those new Taylormade P-7mb!  ❤️. Love those!
Most honest reviews on YouTube love it.
Hi rick I love your irons
Here from the live stream, only 12 but dropped from 36 to 20 this year! Ur vids have helped me to my first C grade club championships!
LETS GO RICK!!!!! I’m so happy that you’re still posting!!!
3,654th view. Cheers Rick.
Hey rick massive fan and love the channel. Just started about a year and a half ago and watching your channel is so good. Favourite YouTuber out at the moment by far. Thanks lachie
The clubs look sweet! Was worth the wait for the video Rick. Big shout out from Oz. My son is a huge fan!
Those are some nice looking irons. I could use a little more forgiveness on the course.  Thanks for the vid. and review! Awesome video.
Wow those look good, can’t wait to get some new irons. Been using my dads old set that’s at least 15 years old
Here in the first hour! Haha
Can't wait to see your bat cave! Thanks Rick! Have fun with the new irons! Can't wait to see your first course vlog with the new and improved clubs!
love the choice.  Also love the kicks, what model are those.
Beuitiful club Rick👍. I wish I could get new clubs. Still playing with a entry level set I bought 11 years ago
These look great!
Can I have your pings????
Those clubs look real nice!! Shot looks good too! Watch out Peter Finch.
These irons are ugly, resemble older srixon irons. For the love of God Rick please don't ever join team Taylormade.
Great Video as ever! New to golf & have my first 18 this weekend 👍🏻
Finally get to see what you went with!!  They look amazing!
You have helped me with my game. Thanks for the videos!
Love the look of the new irons.  What is the driver you are using?
Hi rick I love your videos. I love to golf myself so watching your videos really entertaining to me
Great choice Rick
Thx 4 all your tips and tricks. I watch your videos in every break I have 🏌️‍♂️⛳️
The best giveaway for me would be a “1 Hour” Time slot to have a lesson with you! New to golf, bought a complete Taylormade M2 set. Would help a lot!
First hour crew. Love the new irons. Keep up the good work. Hears to my favourite YouTuber.
Gorgeous lookin irons for sure. I’m playing Nike NDS still. Lol
Had a feeling you would go with the TM 7 series!
What’s up rick!! I have Been waiting for this video!!!
Love the look of these clubs! Taylormade classy and smart. Great video Rick! 😁
I just knew it that you are putting the P7MC in the bag! Thanks for your help in improving my game!
It’s SHIELS! S H I E L S not SHEELS ❤️
Hey Rick, love the vids and keep doing what you're doing. First hour gang! just started golf this year and your vids help so much
Love the channel mate. Cheers
Love the content from the vids 🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️
Love em, thanks for all you do to help tweak my game
They look brilliant behind the ball! Look forward to more videos. Thanks rick!
Thanks for the content! Irons look class
Rip blueline. You had a good run. Thanks for all the help Rick you've helped me improve my game and I've given those tips to my friends and helped them.
Really nice handsome iron
Great video love the irons!
Love it! Those are 🔥🔥!
Great vid 🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️👍
Anyone from the Facebook stream?
Keep the vids comming Rick!
awesome Rick
Love the look of those irons Rick.
Love it rick😍😍😍
Love how those clubs look!  Another great video, Rick!
Hi Rick l have watched your videos for ages now and you’ve helped me out a lot with your videos cheers and respect bud 🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Surely they go in the bag
Rick. Can’t wait to check these clubs out
Watched tons of your stuff, just started playing couple months back. Your tips have helped a hell of a lot !
Love your videos. Keep it up Ricky.
Those clubs look amazing 🥰
Thanks for all your tips, Rick! Always great videos. Enjoy your new irons!
Love all the videos Rick. Have sorted my game out a treat
Hey rick what would u say would be best clubs for a beginner?
4 years of watching this Amazing pro. Hope I win!
Love the choice, Rick!
Need these clubs
Looking at new clubs to the bag soon so I can’t wait to see what you think about them
Great vid rick, would love to win the giveaway!!!
Taylormade irons have been the best looking irons made in the last 2 years. They look stunning!
You should do a video on how drinking beer 🍺 effects golf game..personally I play way better after 4/6 beers an yes I’m American haha
Hey Rick, started golfing in like January with some coworkers. Love your videos have helped so much with learning the game! Keep up the great work!
The look the business in the bag. Keep the great videos coming rick
Hey Rick, I was just telling my Mrs today who hates golf that you haven't picked your irons yet. She wasn't impressed then and probably still won't be.... I am though
Great video. Enjoy the new clubs
These look interesting. Kinda like the retro styling 😎
Love it
Saw you on the insta live, had to watch it ASAP even though you gave it away ;)
Nice video Rick... Editing is spot on and the RSPB won't be on your back 🤣🤣
Hey Rick! I’m here from the live stream, I love those MC’s, definitely considering them for my next set of irons in a couple years 💪
Hey Rick, just started golfing this year and your videos have definitely given me more confidence in my game. Winning the giveaway will undoubtedly improve what's in my bag! thanks and keep it up!
Thanks so much for the great content you bring us
These clubs looks sooo goood!
These do look amazing. Keep up the great work Rick. Just joined my first club looking for my first handicap. 🏌️‍♂️
Finger crossed for the give away. Great content as allways :)
Great video Rick. I guessed that you’d choose those sticks! I’d love a set myself! Keep up the good work 🔥
Cheers for distracting me from my Dissertation mate.., Only due in end of the week lol
Love your videos Rick! New irons are belters and you hit them amazingly
Back into golf after a 7yr break. Handicap down to 20 thanks to your videos. Keep it up champion
Love the look. Great choice fore the irons!
Awesome Video Rick. I think it was a great choice of irons
Oh lordy, those are gorgeous clubs!
I love when you test new irons! I am looking for new irons as well. I just can’t decide.
YES!!! Good choice Rick!
I knew it was taylormade.  Love it
I knew it those are an awesome iron
Hey Rick love what you do! You’ve got me right back into golf keep doing what your doing love the videos the Taylormade clubs look beautiful
Thanks Rick for all the helpful and wonderful content!!
Class😍😍 new irons lookin slick🙌💯
Those clubs are so good looking, hope you enjoy them
So many great tips and it has helped my game. Love the videos
Love this rock 👍
Beautiful
Absolutely live your videos, we're desperate for a video on how to play out of bunkers without sand 🤞
Love the vids rick 💪💪
Hi from SA, really enjoy the content, reviews and lessons 😁. Keep it up 🏌️‍♂️
Great looking irons, liked and shared, likely won’t win but I’d like to help
Cool clubs , I need to try them
Love these videos. So much help and really well presented
Good luck with the new irons Rick! 🤩 Class as always 🔥👌
Clubs look amazing!!!
Love your stuff Rick! Keep it up, 2020 has been great, staying in and staying busy watching your videos :)
These videos have definitely helped me with my game. Winning a give away would just be a bonus
Slick clubs Slick Rick
That's a great choice
Rick your videos get better and better
Love the videos. I’m a beginner and they have helped me out a lot. Thanks
Nice....
Great video editing! Here for you to give away those BEN HOGAN ICONS :))) love from Vietnam
Nice
Lovely clubs!! Can I be in your draw for a prize please?
Nice irons, even better video
Taylormade!!!! Mr 1 Mill
Love your work Rick!
Love your videos!! They’ve helped me so much!!!
Go rick nice irons 🏌️‍♂️
Love the vids, keep up the hard work
Shared! Can I win!? From Lancashire so cheap postage 😂😂😂 ... forgot to mention watching before 100k views, I think I was 17th haha
With a massive blank space on them, are they susceptible to stamping?  These would be cool with graffiti and color all over them 3-PW
Love watching the videos with my 8 and 9 year olds they now come out on the course with me. Keep up the good work Rick 👏
Gave yourself away on the livestream “the MBs were good, but the M...”😂 love the channel rick
Those clubs are clean🏌🏼‍♂️
Great pick, Rick!  They look absolutely amazing, mate!  Looking at an upgrade as well....looking at buying these new irons! 🔥
Lets go!
Your the best golf I have ever seen on YouTube and I follow you on everything and your videos are so helpful and yuh have made me such a good golfer in the past year I’m just so thankful for all of your help stay safe mate thank you for everything
Rick, Gary here from Australia.  Are you game, Mizunos No No not TM’s
Yes mate very nice
Great choice Rick
Well done Rick.Welcome to the taylormade family
Loving the club's mate, and that shirt is on point #legend
Love the new irons! 😍
Nice Rick
Love the vids by the way from Bolton
Love the look. Is it worth moving to them from the 790s.
Happy days, finally the... Suspense has been killing me. And I knew it would be the MC
Rick is always grinding to bring us the best content!
rickkkkkk
Yoooooooooo
Love these 👍
The video I have been waiting for
Shared to Facebook! Man those look so nice 👍 good choice Rick
Stunning looking clubs! 😍👍🏻⛳️. Good traditional lofts too!
Hello from south Africa
Thanks Rick. Love the videos, they have been a huge part of my golf enjoyment and development
Thank you for the videos! They have been very helpful!
Hey Rick thanks for the help with my swing I’ve drop 8 strokes over the past 2 months. It a great help. Thanks again from Cincinnati Ohio
Love those irons
Great reviews of all things Golf!!
thank you soo much for all ur tips
love your videos Rick keep up the good work
Nice looking clubs
Awesome set of irons Rick.   Any chance of doing the bombtech 3.0 driver review. Maybe compare it to the old one as well.
New clubs look great! 🏌️‍♀️
Beautiful looking clubs
Love the Videos! You and a couple of other creators made me pick up golf over the last couple months! Still trying to get some quality clubs on a students budget.
Also to everyone reading. There is an little giveaway comp. Like share and subscribe. It's free
They are irons look so good
Rick fore right advice on golf
Gorgeous clubs! My irons are pieces of crap.
superb!
Úr amazing thanks for the tips you have inproved my swing so much I can now hit the ball
Come  play Ballybuniongolf course Ireland co Kerry rick
Wassup! Here from IG live!
Awsome rick. Back playing after 8 years your vids have inspored me to pick up the game again thanks
Beautiful clubs!!
"it's not the clubs, it's the player" said no golfer ever
Love the content... anxiously awaiting your Sim DHY video. Keep up the great work.
Can’t wait till I can hit an iron like this 🤙🏽
Omg like the new beautys for sure
almost gave it away on the live!
Onya Rick love the content also guessed on your it 😉
Wow I didn’t think you’d choose the mc’s nice rick
Love your content. Been a subscriber for a long time. Don’t ever change. Love having my morning coffee white I watch your content
I like that golf club
Great choice Rick !
Hello Ricky
I was waiting for this video! Knew this from waiting from the P7MB  video! Beautiful clubs
Good luck with the new sticks Rick!
Beautiful clubs man!  It always feel good getting new clubs!
Still very classic looking irons
Look great.  Wish I was good enough to play them.
Thanks Rick ⛳
Those look like great clubs!
Good to hear youre not on the beds rick!
Loving the videos Rick, keep them coming 👍
Love love love them
TaylorMade all the way! Quality and beautiful. Good choice!
There sexy
Look nice, good choice!
Less then a min live and the comments are booming
First hour gang where we at!? Loving the new clubs Rick! I knew you’d love the MC’s! Think next year I’ll get fitted for the MC’s as well! Keep up the amazing content!
Best golf guy to watch hands down.  Videos are always entertaining!!!
Thanks rick for making such great content, I don’t think I would still be playing golf if it wasn’t for you.
Saw your livesteam on insta, would love to win the giveaway. Also the irons look so good!
HELLOOO
Your a Legend Rick 🏌️‍♂️ the new irons look unreal, love the new TaylorMade P range
Love your videos Rick, keep it up! I am new to golf and am really enjoying it, I only have a borrowed set of old Wilson clubs. Would love to add some upgrades to the bag! Keep it up 👍
Let’s gooo! Love the channel Rick
I knew these were the ones...I was waiting for the video
Thank you for your videos!!
Love your videos mate 👍  My golf has improved greatly since watching. Hope you enjoy your new irons 👌👍🏌️‍♂️
Nice clubs
If you was a rapper you could call yourself MC Rick now with them P7MC’s in the bag
Amazing looking irons
P7MC’s!!!! 😍😍😍
They are a beautiful set of irons, can’t go wrong with TaylorMade
Nooooooooooo Mizunooooooooos
This was my guess on the fb live before the video release, stunning looking clubs 🔥
Great videos Rick! Driver lesson has saved at least 4 shots a round and consistency across all my game has improved from this confidence
Yes!!!! Finally! Amazing video 👌👌
Like this comment did you’re watching before 100,000 views!
So excited to see what you picked !!!
Nice irons Rick!!
did somebody say 1 hour give away?
Lovely looking irons ! Think you have it away on instagram 😂👍🏻
Really nice looking clubs
whoop whoop
Can’t wait to see what they are
Hi Rick.. All the way from South Africa!!
Love your work Rick! Your videos are a huge help to my game!
Let’s go Rick🔥
Love the look of these clubs!
Hope to play these clubs myself one day! Good luck with them Rick 👍
Hey rick would really like to win give away like your vids from 🇿🇦🇿🇦
Hey Rick. Wanna win the giveaway so badly. Insta:@abner.j_13
Excited to see the difference with the MCs! I went for ping i500 after your review but would 100% have the MCs in my bag!
I love these videos Rick. Thank you for the hours you spend on these.
Looking forward to the review and finding out how they shoot for you. Knew you liked the Taylormade P7MC’s
Knew you were gonna go with the p7MC’s. love you Rick honestly have helped me improve my game so much
What beauties
Class Rick!
What a man
Called it! After the bladed taylormade video I figured you’d be choosing the cavity back version. Beautiful irons!
Congrats on the new clubs. They look fantastic. Great video as always rick
Absolute legend, love all you’re videos
Taylormade is making some great irons! Hope you enjoy them, Rick! Love the videos! Keep em coming!
I can only dream about owning clubs like these
Yes Rick, love it
Lovely clubs - wow
Yes rick I’m so glad you got the irons that are slimmer than paper and the p7mc look insanely good
Yes
yessssss
Love the vids keep it up. I want to let you know I just made the golf team for high school
Nice Vid Rick! Really enjoy them!
Love the videos.
Nice clubs. Good idea need to fit a new set of irons soon
Let's go!
Good to see you going for more forgiveness, especially when it looks this good!
Awesome videos, Rick! Thanks for the content.
Such nice looking clubs. Great choice Rick. I want some now haha
Hey Rick. Wanna win the giveaway so badly. Insta:@abner.j_13
Awesome irons!
Love them Rick!
Awesome content! Helped me a lot!
👀yea
nice clubs come play to golf de luxembourg
What a super class looking set 😁 (⬅️clearly a podcast listener)
The MCS!!!
Come on rick❗️❗️❗️
Atta boy Rick! Excellent choice!! Love the channel.
love your videos Shiels!
Look awesome 🇬🇬
Have been looking forward to this
Great
I known that it would be taylormade
Knew it was the MC’s
Your videos have helped me cut my handicap, and have learnt to enjoy golf again! thanks very much, keep up the good work
Love the clubs bruv 🔥
Those MCs look phenomenal!!
I guessed it would be a combo set
Niiiiice. Love the vids Rick 👍👍
Fantastic videos from you always Rick the Legend
Just started golf best vids by far
Cracking choice! Potentially swayed me away from the Mizuno JPX 921 Tours
“This is the bests edited video. The MB was good but the M.... almost gave it away” lmao
Nice clubs Rick 👍🤩
Hey Rick. Wanna win the giveaway so badly. Insta:@abner.j_13
Here from Facebook...love the videos...help me fix my slice...Love from Bury (local to you 😃)
😍
Great choice Rick! Love the videos, keep up the great work. Thanks
Had to be the MCs
1 Hour giveaway!!🏌🏼‍♂️❤️💪🏼
Legend!
Hey rick, just started golfing this year and have been trying so hard to improve my swing to lower my score and your videos have been the best help!
Unreal vid rick 💪🏼
I knew these would be the ones. I love my 2014 Taylormade TP MCs.
Keep up the great work Rick!
They look unreal 🏌🏽
Slick lookin clubs rick
Love your vids. Thx for all the help!!
Ricky Rick sheils! Cracking video mate! This editing is madness proper glow up since you hit 1 million! Keep it coming
Hi rick huge fan
Comment for giveaway 👍🏽
Been waiting for this 🙌
Wicked choice of irons Rick!
Whoooop amazing! Thanks for your tips! If only I could hit my normal clubs first!
Really enjoying the videos great help Iv only been playing for 2 months!
🔥🔥🔥
Good stuff lad now send me free stuff
i don't even have to watch... this is going to be good... Great stuff Rick!
Comment from Oz
fourth !!! I want to win
Class video 👊🏻👊🏻 Hoping to win the Random Hour giveaway 👍🏻
Great video Rick. Can I pls win the one hour giveaway? 🙏
Beautiful clubs!! Great choice Rick!
First 20 seconds I’m on it Rick
Interesting 👍👍
Love these irons, look so smart
Great vid Rick, they look like a lovely set of clubs!
Lads
Good choice for a new set Rick.
Hey Rick. Wanna win the giveaway so badly. Insta:@abner.j_13
Love TM! Great choice Rick.
Thought so !
Love the review! Think I’ve watched every video in ISO.
Love all the amazing videos Rick.
Love the new club
Let’s see the new irons!!!
Hi
Love them. Shiny new clubs 🤤
Knew it! 👍🏼
Grats on New irons! :D
Just came from the FB live video. Good job on this one Rick!
Loving the videos Rick! Your instructional videos have helped cut numerous shots from my game
👌🏽😎
Here we go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Keep up the good work Rick
Is this where we enter the competition lol
They look 🔥🔥
If your not first, your last!
Love the videos. You're the reason I've gotten back into golf and you helped me pick my clubs
Love it rick, hope to see you play in Leeds at some point
Would love to win a prize
Loved the video. Liked, shared and subscribed
Wow they look good. Have fun with them
The new irons look awesome Rick!
Keep up all the good work!
Fantastic video and beautiful set of irons. Brilliant work rick as per mate 😃😃
Great content.. 👌
Straight on here from your insta live
1st hour giveaway! I’d love to see a video of you getting fit by the TXG guys!
Nice irons rick
They look like some nice clubs!
Love it!! (1hr giveaway)
Rick is such an incredible youtuber, and recently his content is skyrocketing, Keep it up Rick💯👍
You are best
Sweet!
Hello from Canada, here from the Instagram live
Well smart Rick 💪🏼
Giveaway 👍love the videos Rick
Interesting choice. They look great.
Let’s go rick! Came from insta live 😁
Best of luck with them Rick
Love it rick
First from the stream!! Great vid Rick! Hope for the giveaway
Your videos are amazing!
Always knew it was the MC’s!! Great set of sticks
Keep the videos coming.  Congrats on the new irons.
These look noice.
Prize!
Facebook notification gang hype!!! #newirons #hypetrain
Hello, nice new sticks!
👍
OOOOH Shiny new clubs, just put some 2nd hand MP32's in my bag and LOVE THEM
You the man Rick!!
Glad you’ve found the irons that suit you
Love the video rick
Good lord all of those irons are incredible! Good luck with the new ones
Insta lives!
Yassss the P7MC’s! I wish I could put these and the P7MB’s in the bag!
Hi rick , can I please have the prize
Great choice Rick!!
Great work, as always!
Congratulations on your new clubs Rick!
Hiii Rick
Yooo Ricky boyyyy
👍
Nice 👌
Love all the vids rick
Hey first comment!! Love your stuff Rick Keep it up!!!
Pick me pick me 🤭
Rick hit me up with a cheeky little giveaway haha
I fucking love golf! Mainly because of your channel man. Thank you
Love your videos Rick
Great new club feeling!
love the content shielsy !
Love the Nike shirt Rick, keep up the golf!!
Lovely clubs 😍
Go on rick ! Giveaway sounds good sir 😂
Come from the livestream love your vids Rick
Where can I hide from work for 14minutes?!
Let’s go
Love the new clubs! Your videos have helped me a ton thank you for all you do!
😍
Happy new club day Rick
Love you rick!
Congrats on finally finding your Cinderella!
Yes rick
Up the new irons
Great looking irons
Love your content Rick!
4 under I back you
Let’s go !!!!!
Ricky baby show me the prize
Unreal looking clubs!
So excited to watch!!
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Great Video Rick, keep it up. Really enjoy watching the content.
Straight from live can’t wait to watch the hole thing
The wait is over!
Amazing YouTuber and an Amazing golfer too, keep up the great work Rick.
Gorgeous set, love the videos!!!
Love the video rick!
Am I 1st to say hi??
🤞🏼🤞🏼 would love to win something. Keep up the good work Rick!
👍👍👍👍
🏌️‍♂️🏌️‍♂️legend, helped me out so much
LETS GO RICK!!! Experienced my first 18 yesterday and loved it!
They look stunning
Let’s see these beauts Rick!
🔥🔥🔥
Great Vid Rick!
Looking forward to this video 🙂👍🏻🏌🏻‍♂️
My husband loves your videos!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Awesome videos Rick!
Favourite youtuber
Awesome irons, love the videos mate!
These irons look sooo pure
Love the vids Rick the goat on you tube ❤️
Great choice
Nice vid
Gave it away on instagram🤣🤣🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
Hey rick
Yes new vid!
First
Straight from The insta live mate Australia 🇦🇺 ❤️
Hello love your vids
Out with the old, in with the new. We love your irons and so do you!
HELLO!
Amazing 🙌
Lets go rick!
Exciting times!
First!
Wooohoooo new iron Monday.... Those MCs are sexy
first
Here from instagram
Yes rick
First
Give away entry
first comment!!! why am I so excited about someone else getting new irons haha
Giveaway
Rock on Rick
Rick!!!
First comment!
Here we gooooo!
Awesome clubs
Let's go Rick
Hey
1st
