Ocarina of time and dark souls are the greatest works of art ever produced,  yes.  Go ahead and erase everything else in human history
Alan Wake 2 and Remedy games in general.
wait till the reviewers find out dark souls is just monster hunter X zelda in a berserk inspired setting
COMPARISON IS THE THIEF OF JOY.
I'll have some Borderlands shooting, with a bit of Mario 64 platforming, Onimusha RPG action style, a large coke and some fries on the side
journalist who only played dark souls and botw: wow all these games are alot like darksouls and botw
This video is a great depression starter...
if it takes inspiration its fine, but some games blatantly just copy and paste a game mechanic or npcs. wuchang did it latest with sekiro bloodborne and souls games.
I just want to know what was going through this guy's mind when he said the slop real time Final Fantasy clone "Looks like Guilty Gear X3rd"  Scizohphrenia moment
Every game is like Luigi's Mansion if you think about it.
Am I the only one who thinks people are misinterpreting the point of this video? like i think that the point isn't game journalism bad or whatever but that so many games are so derivative that reviewers have no choice but to compare them to other games because they don't bring anything original to the table. notice that most of the games in this video dunkey has never featured on his channel probably because he doesn't care much about them
Every game is a Zelda game
Man, gamers are dumb.
Deathloop similar to outer wilds and dark souls!?
I could swear this video was posted a few months ago, not 4 freaking years.
With Bosses that are a bit hard to defeat, the creator of the game is the child of the creator of dark souls. His soul is bound to live in dark souls.
There’s literally a game genre on Steam for this called “Souls-Like”.
This video taught me that these people have never played a Dark Souls game.
It looks more like a problem in "originality in videogame reviews"
These journalists have a pretty small vocabulary for being "journalists".
Can we all aggree, that its not Zelda or Dark Souls anymore, because that would be too easy, behold: EVERYTHING IS NOW TENCENT. It has lootbox online gambling schemes of league of legends and gameplay addictive content for young gaming addicted players like league of legends. The main focus on the game is doing daily quests for ingame currency that you can exchange online minus a 15% transaction fee, to buy skins/battlepass from, but some skins you can also buy with ingame currency in exchange to real money, mainly in the form of lootboxes.
When in reality darks souls is secretly inspired by monster hunter, eh. C’mon, stamina bar, fantastical but grounded worlds, enemies with large emphasis on environmental storytelling, and perhaps others I couldn’t list.
We are all dark souls Dunkleton
i was waiting for dunkey to start talking
Wow. Tales of Arise is NOTHING like DmC or Bayonetta. Dude was on crack.
me, in an elevator: IS THIS ZELDA?!
epic how dankey barely had to talk through the whole video
Looks like all game developers read "Save The Cat" and took "the same, but different" chapter quite literally. Ironically, all the game reviewers need to reread how that applies to cliches.
All of those games are just a Ripoff of bookworm adventures
If every video game is inspired by another video game then what was the first video game!?
Every game either borrows from Zelda, or Dark Souls. there are no others
It's a little something for everyone
Take away: Game journalists are not good at there job.
"great artists steal" is an unfortunate quote
"These's video games are clearly inspired by string"
Their voices are annoying as fukc
All thous game reviewers at IGN are just a trash noobs that wana act like they played and known a lot of games that's why they need to call out other games for exemple , but in Reality they know nothing
It's something I have said for a while, but Dunkey just puts a spotlight on the fact that being a reviewer really isn't as easy as people think
Be nice if none of these ran in Unreal.
i think comparison is just how people describe things tbh
Cheer~~~the ability to think independently and creatively.😊
Better tell us about the dominance of remakes and re-releases, of which there are even more than original games.
the "Originality in Game Journalists"
Animal Well is clearly influenced by games like Halo 2 and Halo 3
People being up dark souls way too much when talking about games now.
If you make a game about anything with any gameplay, it will be compared to another game. It's as certain as taxes.
So play Zelda, Dark Souls and Devil May Cry and you have pretty much played every game that has  been out since these and will come out in future.
No game is orginal?
This is truly the first Dark Souls type review.
I feel like this is more a problem with reviewers being unable to describe a game without comparing it to other games. Like, Dark Souls is an Action RPG, not all Action RPGs are Dark Souls
Let’s be fair, there is no medium where the majority of works aren’t iterations on elements from other works. Even Dark Souls pieces together clear inspirations from games that came before it (King’s Field, Ocarina of Time, Castlevania, the entire roguelike genre). Critics and producers use comparisons to well-known works to describe something to people who haven’t seen/played it before all the time. The question isn’t whether the individual components of a piece of art are all “original” (whatever that means - just about everything’s been done by someone at some point) but whether they’re used in an inspired way.
games are original and creative, what isn't are the reviewers
death loop is not like outer wilds at all what are you on guy, what does this game have in common with dark souls, its just lazy writing
god Valorant sucks dick lol
So combine dark souls, botw, and devil may cry and you get: game the video game
hey does anyone know the game at 2:08 ? art style seems really cool
this video is like a mix of dark souls and zelda, ive never seen anything like it before.
Originality schmoriginality, what matters is if the game is fun. Shadow of Mordor is straight-up ripping off Assassins Creed, Batman Arkham, so many more, and it is on of the best games ever made.
I’m sick of hearing dark souls. It doesn’t even seem fun, it seems miserable.
Zelda is the Dark Souls of video games
yeah I'm tired of it as well. Why not just let games have their own identity and compare them with only the closest games.
The gameplay is a mix of tennis for two and spacewar
When these guys say that a game is similar to [insert mesh of 10 games], at what point do you just say it's an original game?
I wonder - which games should be our benchmarks? Like, comparisons can be very useful, no doubt. But if I haven't played "Dark Souls", or even any "Soulslike" game before, hearing "this game takes heavy inspiration ftom Dark Souls" isn't going to help me come to a decision. Then again, if they mention a more obscure game - but one that I've played - as a benchmark, then it'll be useful to me, but not other people. So... I dunno.
"There's nothing quite like it. It's basically these two existing games."
The fact that a flag ON your boat is supposed to tell you where the wind is coming from pisses me off SO much. THAT IS NOT HOW FLAGS AND WIND WORK. I HAVE SAILED MY ENTIRE LIFE. WHAT THE HELL.
Game reviewers be name dropping more than the Big Bang theory
As a huge fan of the souls series I am so sick of every game review company comparing similarity’s with dark souls.
The cringe is strong with this one...
SEKIRO MENTIONED
Games that are completly original: - Dark Souls - Breath of the Wild - Devil may Cry - Deathloop
Remember when botw came out people said it is like Dark Souls but Zelda So there is literally one game in the whole world
What about Killbutt
Hard game = inspired by dark souls
I think there r 3 games DS, Zelda, DMC
To be fair, Zelda games aren’t like Zelda games anymore, so I’m glad people are “copying” the style for people who liked Zelda games
Yeah, I'm still confused what this is supposed to mean exactly. Is it bad that games journalists use recognisable things to compare other games to in a way that people will understand? If they were to stop there I guess that'd be lazy. But I don't think that happens too much.
This game really makes you FEEL like you're playing Dark Souls
elevator pitch
It's almost like it is easier to understand something new by comparing it to something already well known?! Wild.
Dunkey's voice is so much more professional than all these hoboes.
Though hearing game reviewers describe games like this is hilarious, I do appreciate when they give me and idea of gameplay, by comparing it to game I *have* played before.  Can’t wait to play Balanwonder World, I’ve heard it takes notes from Mario Odyssey!
W dark souls
Why did you make another Kingdom Hearts plot explanation video you already did one of these
Let it die was a disappointment I was actually loving the battle royale before it shit down
gaem: Journos : DAK SOULS
This is why Nintendo's the goat. Always something new and interesting
YET NOT A SINGLE STAND TYPE GAME. HIDEO KOJIMA DID IT AGAIN
Alright yeah but have you ever played Jedi Fallen Order? It's actually just Dark Souls with lightsabers
so just play dark souls and legend of zelda, got it
"Originality in Video Games" is a bit like Dunkey's "Game Critics (Part 3)" video with a little bit of something for everyone.
Originality never existed dunkey! im literally crying and shaking rn!
It honestly makes sense that game reviewers would try to liken new games to existing ones that many people know. That way you kindof know what you’re getting into if you liked those old games. Nothing wrong with that imo.
I mean, as embarrassing as the game journalism/professional review overall industry has been since the supplanting of the internet, it is also true that Triple AAA games are generally lacking in originality. Dark Souls might be the last in my memory that has had a true paradigmatic effect on the mainstream industry and even then, that had been a formula that From Software was slowly refining since the 90s.   Play low budget indie titles if you want something actually approaching innovation or stop pretending originality is actually that important of a factor in your media consumption (it's generally not for most people and it doesn't need to be.)   (Also, am I really that old or was it really that obscure that game journalists think of BotW rather than SotC when it comes to stamina based climbing?)
Same thing with signalis being compared to silent hill 2
You know my husky was clearly inspired the dark souls fight great wolf sif
Conclusion: all modern games descend from either Zelda or Dark Souls
this Dark Souls game sounds pretty fun if all these games are ripping it off
This isnt really a problem with games, games mimic eachother, its a problem with game reviewers not actually playing games. So they compare it to the one or two games theyve ever played. Or they dont understand what these genres and game mechanics are so they just compare.
Video games make me want to be dead
There are 3 games basically Devil May Cry Zelda Dark Souls
It's almost like Zelda and Dark Souls have set the bar for action adventure games.
So essentially you're telling me a souls-like metroid vania with Zelda inspired climbing would be the ultimate gaming experience... IF it is also a JRPG. Phenomenal. Thank you Dunkey, I finally know what game I have to look for on steam.
There is nothing like this game! *names three games that are like the game in question*
The reviewers inability to look into a game without comparing it to whatever shares a single mechanic is to blame here
Why aren't they even original in not being original? They're either ripping off of zelda or dark souls.
Lord of the Fallen
game reviewers see stamina bars, monsters, and grass and its immediately Legend of Zelda or Dark Souls.
i like how the video starts after 2 minutes
Dont agree with god of war
Rofl, nuffins changed 😂
I vividly remember the first time I played Dark Souls, got wrecked in the catacombs, returned the game, then went back bought it again and beat it all in a weeks time. Idk. It's like Zelda in that respect.
No wonder people can keep playing modded skyrim till now, no game plays like skyrim.
ELDEST SOULS
the funniest thing to me is that in a lot of these cases, they could give a genre description instead of a game as a reference, but they still choose to try to namedrop other games incessantly
I mean, the way I see it. It’s kind of hard to be original nowadays. There’s nothing wrong with being inspired from games or titles. If it’s a rip off then that’s a different story. It all depends on the execution of the games itself. Because by the end of the day: whatever elements they do implement will be what truly defines them
“Elden Ring is a lot like Dark Souls.”
This video is just another game critics video lmao
Am I the only one desperate to know the the song he used in the endcard is???
That Guilty Gear XRD line cannot be real. On one hand it was the most niche game mentioned here, but on the other it impressively made the least sense of all the comparisons
Lets be honest guys, Breath of the Wild is a Fortnite rip off
Pikmin 3 is a souls like platformer that takes heavy inspiration from outlast
Using well known games for a mechanics makes sense. Using a game as example without any context is retarded.
It is clear the new super mario bros wii is heavily inspired by dark souls, with its challenging bosses and unforgiving checkpoints.
Every game is Devil May Cry
Everything is really a version of pong.
I stopped playing games when I worked at EA and I heard a designer say 'lets just use gears of war mechanics' in a harry potter game
This truly is the Dark Souls of Dunkey videos.
I like playing Madden 23 because it's kinda like Madden 22 and Madden 21 and Madden 20 and Madden 19 and Madden 18 and Madden 17 and Madden 16 and Madden 15 and Madden 14 and Madden 13 and Madden 12 and Madden 11 and Madden 10 and Madden 09 and Madden 08 and Madden 07 and Madden 06 and Madden 05
Originality must still exist...  Because every time Zelda puts out a new game there suddenly becomes a reason to copy it after seeing it do something new and innovating.
I think Nintendo is the only company that makes new games. Several of its IPs created entirely new genres.
That was the longest 3 minutes of my life
Before the strand-type game there where only Zelda and Dark Souls type games
modern game journalist :)
music be the same tho, "it's like boneless Candlemass but with groovy organs"
The real question is, what were games like before Dark Souls and Zelda
What about death stranding? The first strand type game.
You complain, but when truly innovative games like Gollum come out, it's all 'too many bugs' and 'not good enough'. I for one, stick to fresh experiences lime Pokemon Scarlet and Aminal Crossing.
These people could never play a yakuza game
on one hand, this writing is lazy and boring, on the other hand it helps compare games but honestly, why even compare games? but if it's like another game i like it's easy to gauge if i will like the game or not but dunkey manages to make reviews without comparing everything all the time
of course every game is based off the first video game  super mario bros 2
Pretty much all just pong clones tbh.
all these games are rip offs of the pizza making mini game from club penguin
Dumbed down media for a dumbed down audience. Even sports journalism is better than this. This is the result of not having actual journalists do the journalism.
This video was inspired by another youtuber by the name of crowbcat
originality in video game reviews
I think people compare everything to dark souls to brag that theyve played it
making a comparison like that quickly lets a viewer know how a game plays without having to actually play the game which is the point of a review in the first place, that and going over what parts of the game are well made and which parts are not
I don’t know if dunkey is critiquing modern video games themselves, or game journalism.
so its more, videogame journalism has no originality
I dont think you made the point you wanted to make bud
comparing skatebird to tony hawk is absurd.. theyre only similar in that theyre ride skateboards. thats it.
This video is really funny but the whole "elevator pitch" thing is pretty inevitable with discussion of a piece of media, especially in 8 minute reviews of an entire game.
Some jokes write themselves
I love how a total of 2 games have been made, Zelda and Dark Souls
1 year later and still trying to figure out how deathloop is comparable to dark souls, like at all. Deathloop is the furthest away youll get from dark souls lol
I think developers are running out of ideas. Most of these games could run on a n64 if you cut out the graphics. Final fantasy XV was supposed to be next gen but they literally just made the graphics low poly and released it for ipad. The priority for developers when they make a new game is: make sure it can run on a mobile device and copy the gameplay from another recent successful game. People debate whether good graphics matter to a game but this guarantees that they don't.
2:10 what is this video game?
It’s always dark souls
Idk I feel like they are exaggerating most of the time. (ik I'm late)
What really annoys me is when  people call games from years before demonsouls came out souls like games I swear to God it's like people think Demonsouls invented 3d combat with a dodge and lock on mechanic. Hell, I even see people label games souls like because they have unlockable shortcuts.
to be fair most of this is shit tier reviewers being unable to describe a game without comparing it
This game features a sword, making it a soulslike
"There is nothing new under the sun."  Old Testament, Bible  Even back then they knew..
These reviews are annoying, why can't they just review a game without comparing every aspect of it to other games.
You can save alot of money and time by only playing dark souls and zelda
Dark Souls and Zelda are snubbing all of the awards here, but my boy Resident Evil 4 literally invented the third person shooter genre. Come on IGN, you are nitpicking and biased, I win, bye bye.
If it’s an action adventure game: It’s either a Zelda rip off or Dark Souls rip off  If it’s a platformer: It’s either Mario rip off or Banjo rip off  If it’s a 2D platformer-adventure game: It’s just another Metroidvania
almost like comparison helps people understand what they're getting into without actually playing it first
Gaming journalists writing poor lazy explanations for games too difficult for them to complete.
Ign died when Naomi left
this game is inspired to use a controller just like Nak
This video's lack of a narrator is clearly an homage to the Crowbcat channel, with subtle hints of the Legend of Zelda
I honestly didn't realize I was watching a videogamedunkey vid till last 2 seconds
Person who’s only played dark souls: hmm getting a lot of dark souls vibes from this
0:20 1:53 2:10 what games are these?
Game journalists are stupid
A shame that nothing is inspired by the Might and Magic games.
A wise man once said, "There is nothing new under the sun."
You made me hate all the games i loved, except dark souls, because it whoooooped your ass. Again aaaaand again. Thank you dunkey :)
shut up youre just a dunkey clone anyways
Stuff like this is exactly why I cant watch any "serious" reviewer
OK I'm confused. What's this video trying to say? STealing ideas is bad? Games need more originality? Commentators please stop comparing games with similar mechanics to each other?  Really don't understand the meta on this one. Games are just like any other art form. The more contributions made to the art form, the more rare true originality is going to become. Like when have you ever heard a band that wasn't influenced by other bands? How are you supposed to describe a band to someone else without discussing the bands that influenced them?
Brilliant point by Dunkey. When we talk about games by just comparing them to other games, we discourage originality and reinforce the notion that there are only a few ways of making a video game by making original concepts (or the borrowing of good ones/inevitable ones) out as a direct ripoff of something else. We should start appreciating quality games for what they are, not what we ascribe them to be trying to imitate, regardless of if they are or not.
Can you imagine journalism like this back in the 90s. "It's mario but your a monkey." It's like zelda but in space. This game take elements from mario and zelda.
Yeah true, but id like to see you try to find middle of the road, bs talking points to say during a paid 7/10 review without bringing up dark souls
I mean, its all true.
I need to hop on whatever this "elevator pitch" is
Gaming journalism in all it's inarticulate glory... Saying it's like anything is so meaningless. How many kids today have even played Zelda that you can make a comparison? There's nothing wrong with saying what specific game it reminds you of. It just gets lazy when they use "Zelda, Dark Souls, Metroid-f*cking-vania" as a way to shorthand a description.
Popular game genra these days dark souls zelda fps hades jrpg & mmorpg dmc
It's all very strand like
you know when you've made a good game when everything is compared to it
Saying P5S is like Kingdom Hearts is just genuinely nonsense
2:13 literally the entire video
this video is kind of a banger
Demon's Souls ripped off Dark Souls
Everything's been done. Everything good anyway.
I can’t stand that gamespot guy. Atrocious
2:38 alright buddy, I'm a big fan of dark souls but this is just being a dick head
I like this vid but prefer to hear your take on top of it, like in Difficulty in Videogames, Game Critics, etc.
I get the joke but like… there is no game possible that couldn’t be compared to a popular game or two. It’s extremely useful shorthand to convey the general concept of the game by using other known games as reference points. Why waste time explaining every game’s mechanics from scratch when you can get a rough idea of the basis of the game in a single sentence? I’d bet a lot of the games they are comparing to popular games aren’t even *that* unoriginal. It’s faster to say “it’s kinda like dark souls” than “it’s a third person fantasy adventure game featuring slow, meticulous combat with focus on strict timing and stamina management, where the consequences of failure are great.” And that wouldn’t even get into things such as type of story / lore, if you wanted to explain how hand holdy it is or how much of the lore is hidden or open to interpretation, etc etc. that would take ages and be hella boring
Honestly Darksiders 2 is like the funnest game ever, go check it out
Let us not forget that Death Stranding is the FIRST strand-type game.
i love it when reviews fucking compare a game to other games instead on its own merrit
The dark souls community 😂😂😂
I play Lego games
With this walking animation, this game is a clear homage to Super Mario Brothers.
Yea thats why getting over it is great 🤣
I bought Breath of the Wild because Dunkey made a video showing him doing silly things in it.
Just to prove Dunkey doesn't even have to say a full sentence to make a great video.
Does anyone know of the game at 0:19 by chance?
But when original games come out now that all the ideas have been used up we get games like Death Stranding...
Zelda really flipped the table on the games industry when it invented swinging a sword, but then Dark Souls changed up the whole flow when it said "oh yeah? well now your guy can dodge roll around the swords". Since that day, every video game has been about swinging and/or dodging swords.  But prophecies tell of a mysterious third game, which will allow the player to shoot undodgeable swords from a gun. The prophets call this game "Knack 3".
This video is the D̴̢̃̌͗͋͌̈́͋͌̋̽̌̕ȃ̶̛̛̭̤̞̍̐͛̆͗̀͊̂͐̇ͅr̵̫̝̭̫̬̅̌̋͌̔̉̆̉́̏͐̚ḳ̸̤͕̺͎̟̑ ̴̦͈͚̟͂͑̈S̸̨̧̙͓̩͔̗͖̺̜̐̇̌̅̀̅̇̎͂̐͘͝ó̷̠̟̘̹̣̠͖̉̌̽̾͐̈́̐͘͝ͅú̴̬̟̞͒̅̃̑̐̈́̅̋́ļ̸̣̺̼̔̃̊̉́͋̓̓̾͝ş̶̛̗̱̜̞̙̙̗̞̻̫̘͒́̂̓͑͘̕͝ ̷̻̉̓̃͛̆̀͒̄̆̏̃ö̸̰͓̖̠̮̥̳̤̫̹̗̻́̌͛͌͗͒̄̂f̵̡̩̺͔̂̍̽͊͘ ̴̨̖̄̇Y̵̛̞͐̌̌̌̌̄͋͘͜͝͝ő̶̭̭̤͈̱̹̄̇͋̾̏͒͠͝u̷̲͈̗͉̲̝̙͙͙͒̏̆͊̄́̓̑́͘͝T̶̡̞̮̰̫̳̞̻͖̹̪̭̤̳͆̓͝ư̶̢̜͓̝̭̘̣̐̉͌̃́͝͝b̸̡͉̟̹̰̫͈͕̼̻̳̈́̈́̈̉̅͘͜͠e̴̡̘̮̭͔̙̬͕͍̤͐͗͑͊͊̔̀̏͂͂͊̅̚ͅ ̵̧͖̩͎̄v̴̛̠͎͈̤̤̌̎́͌̈́̾̇͌͗̇͐̀̚͝i̸͉̼̳̬͑̏̅̽͐̌d̴̛̤͙̞̯̞͎̽ȅ̵̝̺̬̼̱͔̗̰̞̯͍͓͓̐͛ơ̶̢̡̳̞̱̟̺̲̼͚͕̻̘͆̏́͗̆̔͠ṡ̴̢̟̖̙͛̓͘.̴̺̍̇̀́͌̈̅́͒̿́͋̅̚͝
0:40 “There is no game quite like Scarlette nexus” proceeds to name 6 games, that are quite like scarlette nexus.
Is every game with a combat system like Dark Souls? Cause who's ever heard of Dark Souls' slow-paced combat, emphasis on melee weapons and some spell-based attacks, and unforgiving bosses with memorable move sets??  If it's hard to get through (even the slightest), it's like Dark Souls...
and now there's tons of remakes and remasters everywhere
Every action game now is a Zelda spin off
as a dark souls fan i can confirm that that was dark souls
This is why Dunkey is a good video game critique because to him everything is garbage.
Ghost of Tsushima is so good though. I really enjoyed the combat in that game.
Dunk I love you but even originality is derived.  We are our genetics, our environments, and our experiences within.  Anything we create is a result of those.  When the market starts to look the same, it's indicative of a larger systemic problem of which game types sell because of the nostalgia vs originality the buyer's desire.  tl;dr it's not just the game creators, it's who buys games.
Now is this because games aren't very original or because game critics are bad?
This life game is a knockoff of dark souls
fucking dead cells compared to dark souls what the fuck??
we need a video about originality in game reviews
Game: is slightly difficult Reviewers: so it’s basically like dark souls but with…
So utterly sick of people acting like BotW invented the stamina-based climbing and roaming vast, breathtaking landscapes.  You know what game did stamina-based climbing leagues better 12 years earlier? Shadow of the Colossus.  You know what game did vast, breathtaking landscapes leagues better 15 years earlier? The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind.  You know what game did hang-gliding leagues better 17 years earlier? Banjo-Tooie.  I didn't even like BotW, but I'd give it all the credit in the world if people would just stop propping it up like it actually did anything truly innovative. And no, weapons breaking after 11 hits does not count.  Also Demon's Souls did stamina management and weapon durability better.
Doark Suuls
the system you use to describe or represent what you know, can't exceed the maximum combination of it's elements (even if that combination is infinite, for example like the combinations of numbers , you can't use them to create something new, because 'new' will mean elements not present  or created  with that system)
Hack n slash = dmc or bayonetta
I’ve played botw, oot, tp, ss and links awakening. Also every single from software game since demon souls, does that mean… I’ve played every single game ever????😨😨
A first person shooter? What a rip off of Wolfenstien 3D
People love to compare and say that something is like something else or put people and things in boxes with labels.
in the end everything is a GTA mod
When people ask me why I mostly buy games 2010>, this is why.
Originality from journalists
Now Fromsoft made open world Zelda dark souls. I'm expecting everything to be compared to elden ring from now on
Ngl dark souls is kinda just a rip off of elden ring
I don’t really understand the point of this video. All games are obviously inspired by other games. The reason some games are mentioned a lot is because they are particularly ground breaking so more devs are inspired by them. Is it a critique of video game reviewers? That might be even more confusing. Love your vids btw.
This should have been titled "originality in video games journalism"
Imagine making a game so good in Dark Souls 1, then the second game, which is just good is viewed as the worst game in it's respective franchise due to expectations and lack of development time while being just good. A game so good that if it's an rpg or has in-depth mechanics and is somewhat hard, then it's Dark Souls clone in the form of a soulslike.   Imagine making a few games like that and they all have to use the interconnected world and rely on some form of dodge and when it's not slow, or way too fast, or doesn't rely on using a dodge roll, or is so much longer, and has an open world, it sucks and the "series isn't what it was supposed to be."  Imagine having those expectations due to a fucking marketing team and now having to establish some brand idea and now every game has to continously get harder and harder to maintain that identity.   Imagine complaining about all of this bullshit and not expecting change in a franchise where the worlds must change and power structures are completely changed and once great kingdoms, churches, or societies are put into a state of meloncholic ruin.  Hey you know what? It's just Samurai Souls, Ninja Souls, Anime Souls, but the open world one, it's just big Dark Souls or Dark Souls 4.
They said Zelda 8 times
I'm just upset because I have to make my little brother play ancient ass games like RE4 and MGS2 for 'new' experiences.
That ending though. 😆😂
No game can come out now days without people comparing it to another game or inspiration.
I feel like it’s a dual problem.   Boring ass games and equally uncreative games journalism.
I loved it when dunkey made that one joke
Nintendo could do with some originality, actually. Their huge success in the 1990s was partially owed to the amount of care they put into dozens of original franchises which people still adore to this day. Alas, Nintendo knows this, so they continue to milk their biggest cash cows because people will buy them regardless of innovation and Nintendo therefore doesn't need to take the risks that come with originality.  Their only significant recent(ish) original franchise is Splatoon, a multiplayer title that came about out of necessity. Nintendo was lacking market dominance in online multiplayer and Splatoon was simply their answer to that problem.  Maybe if Nintendo stopped producing rehashes and instead worked on new franchises, other developers would stop trying to imitate them... a result of the Nintendo games still being popular. (Obviously wishful thinking, but y'know, would be nice.)
You see the game is showing up on your screen, so it obviously steals from every game ever made.
Jedi Fallen Sh1t has exploration? wtf best joke ever ahhahahaha.  gotta love how every game with a roll or stamina is a souls like.
When marketing a game developers are taught pretty heavily that users lack the ability to perceive anything that doesn’t already exist. Which basically requires you to describe your game as being a composite of other games.  Ironically this is especially true if your game actually ISN’T like any other game out there. When that’s the case it’s twice as important you can describe it to the user in terms of other games. Honestly idk if this is true and users really can’t grasp new game ideas, it seems like we’re not giving them enough credit. But us devs are taught this is a major crux of marketing your game, and the data unfortunately reflects in favor of this tactic.
it's this crazy thing called a genre
I’m just never gonna play dark souls, that way I’ll never feel like comparing anything to it.
Brilliant
Game is hard  Straight up copy of darksouls
To the guy who compared something to Sekiro, Sekiro is a Soulslike game. You might as well compare it to Dark Souls
People literally can't say anything about a game without using another game as a reference
But all games feels the same nowadays anyway, all of them are boring/
Ok to be fair to code vein, it may have taken heavy inspiration from dark souls but unlike dark souls it's complete shit. SO ACTUIALLY it's original game
I think this speaks on the originality of reviewers more than games. lol
So all we need is a game thats both a Zelda and Soulslike
Well at least bayonetta is good
Dark Souls and Zelda were deeply deeply deeply inspired by Dark Souls and Zelda
Do a shot everytime they say Dark Souls.  Edit: this is his wife he is dead
"It's like part fallen order, a little bit of Sekiro and breath of the wild " "What's it like for people who haven't played those games?" "A combination of sword and shield, Arkham knight and overwatch" "😕"
Where have I heard that outro song before???? Holy shit
The funniest thing is that BOTW'S grip meter is actually an idea inspired by Shadow of the Colossus
Idk why dont just say "the combat consists of timed button pressing to hit enemies" instead of "its like if Sekiro, Dark Souls, Halo, Sonic Genorations, and Call of Duty had an orgy"
Kingdom hearts is not like persona 5...Deathloop is not dark souls....what
Who the hell thinks deathloop is like dark souls. Only thing they have in common is they are both games.
this hurts
Its just the writing shortcut of connecting two things together to avoid having to throughouly explain why a game does what it does, and what impact that has, along with where it falls short.
Honestly I don't see anything wrong with this
IGNorant
what is the game @3:00??? would love to give it a try
I hate almost all “video game urinalists.”
this is why I genuinely think that dark souls is incredibly overrated, like good god shut up
I remember how hollow knight was clearly inspired by dark souls until both of the developers said they haven't played any dark souls and I knew then that you can't trust these people
If BOTW had multiplayer somehow like Far Cry 5 and its level design but just better i would never get off it, ever
Is this a dunkey video or a crowbcat video? Either way I love it
problem is game critics doesn't know how to describe games without using other titles
I get it, but would have liked to hear some commentary on if every game being derived from 3 games is good or bad, what you'd rather see instead, etc
Game front Mitch HYYYYYYYYYYYYYPE! Gotta support that man
wish i could get paid for doing absolutely nothing like games journalists do
What's the game at 0:19?
Comparisons in reviews are good when it's a simple way to explain mechanics, style, and it's often the easiest way to decide if a game is for you. But once you start comparing everything to Dark Souls, Zelda, or Arkham just because it has 3rd person fighting it just serves no purpose other than name dropping.
It's only have originality is Supp er Mario twoo babyyyy
To be fair journalists and normies compare everything to Dark Souls.
I do not think you can even call 2D games soulslike. Hollow Knight is nothing like Dark Souls and it’s not even too similar to Dead Cells either!
People who haven’t played Dark Souls or Sekiro compare every difficult game to them.
And here I am wanting to make video games myself. Didn't know I just need a few titles and I'm set
There are 5 games: Dark Souls, Zelda, Diablo, Rogue, and Death Stranding. Everything else is copying.
Blah blah blah dark souls
Dunkey's this video has clearly taken inspiration from another video that was his first strand type video.
Could someone explain to me how Dead Cells is at all like Dark Souls? I really don't get that one.
0:22 What game is this? It looks pretty
can’t wait for a game to combine zelda and dark souls. it will be one of the video games ever made.
Fr tho tbf you can see this same trend in comments from actual gamers. In my experience I've come across someone who said kingdom hearts is a souls-like like wtf
Mario 64 has a third person perspective, violence against plants, and hidden reptiles. It's basically Elden Ring
where tf is dunkey?
What a nonsense these reviewers are saying. I would change the title to unoriginal reviewers.
I don’t think it’s unreasonable to give comparisons in your review- especially when so many games legit take mechanics from other games without any sort of spin
JRPG = Guilty Gear Xrd  sure
Dark souls has a stamina bar and rolling so it's clearly a Monster hunter clone
To be fair...a ton of these comparisons are completely off. These people have no f*cking clue what they're talking about.
bad trend
0:19 actually look cool what is it
Video Game Journalism has seen better days.
Tbh I played none of these games, so I couldn't notice how stupid it was untill it compared dead cells to dark souls.  2d vs 3d, narrative vs rouge like, fast smooth controls vs sluggish masochistic controls.  But hey you can use a shield and roll on both so what do I know
These are just people w bad writing tbh and or they don’t have a broad game scope so they only know of a few games to compare thus don’t compare games as in every project is someone’s dream ig.?
vibeo gane
Fire all these people delete their channels. Wipe them from the internet.
devilmayquake?
I noticed a very clear lack of strand type games in this analysis
I started this video thinking it was a commentary on originality in games.   Literally laughed out loud as I realized it could be a commentary on originality in reviews  If the latter,   GENIUS
At what point did YOU realize that the entire video about originality was going to be a mix of video game review excerpts about influences? For me, it was 1:17.
My dad is a plumber which means he is just a Mario Knock-off
i want a modern game journalist's review of The Secret of Monkey Island
Basically every game is like Dark Souls, in other words there's a little something for everyone
You see, you have to hit button, comparable to the typewriter
Tbh this is more a problem of video game press than the industry itself
Gaming journalism when death stranding appear 😱
People acting like this is a new trend clearly weren't born yet when every fps was called a doom clone. Hell, it's been 25 years since symphony of the night came out and we still use "metroidvania" to describe any game in the same genre
49% dark souls 49% legend of zelda: botw  2% anything else
So who's gonna tell him that BOTW isn't original either and barely has any innovation?  Typical zelda fanchild that thinks that Zelda invented the universe 💀💀
DEMONS SOULS not DARK SOULS
so the new forza game came out so it's a nfs knock off
wait so if every game is just a combination of other games, then what are the basis games (games that be combined to make all other games)?
devil may cry zelda  dark souls
Kean was so boo boo
Hidetaka Miyazaki: Why does everyone steal my idea? Kentaro Miura: First time?
I don't see the problem. If I like Dark Souls I'm gonna want to play anime Dark Souls, robot Dark Souls, etc.
damn, games shouldnt be compared, lazy descriptions.
The funny thing is darksiders came earlier than dark souls so... dark souls copied darksiders
Every form of media -- books, tv shows, movies, and of course games -- are inspired by and borrow elements from their contemporaries. It's natural and can help lead to evolution. The real problem is when these newer games are just derivative. That being said, game reviews have this special problem where they reeeeeaally like saying "game x is like game y", which can sometimes downplay the original concepts they do bring to the table.
i luv this sdark souls gameplay dunk a
ive never felt more guilty about comparing video games to others in my entire life
EVERYTHING IS ZELDA
There’s nothing like this game, but here’s two games that are just like it.
Based on this video, I gotta stop wasting time with other games and play Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls.
1:28 I really though he was going to say diablo lmao
Game: has some level of actual difficulty   Reviewers: "This game shamelessly borrows from Dark Souls"
Spliced!1!!1! be warned!111!!1!
I think Curse of the Dead Gods was in the making before hades
What's the elevator pitch for Knack?
Guys, you are the problem here! You buy and click on reviews for the same two stale genres. Go play some puzzles/tactical or strategy/jrpg-crpg/story games like visual novels or walkathons/simulation-based stuff... Most of it bad anyways, but the point collapses.
In my opinion this is less games being unoriginal, and more game reviews being dumb, and wanting to relate everything to a game you know to dumb it down for the average person.
I know they get really fucking repetitive, but sometimes it really is just "like a x and y". I played StarWars Fallen order and... just could not get to play more than 4 hours, it was I already played it so many times before
This would do my head in if I was trying to get into gaming for the first time
With some down to earth mental gimnastics I can retrace Madden's roots to Zelda... and Dark Souls
2:10 what game?
"This game has the pacing of devil may cry, a combat system like dark souls, and open world exploration like legend of zelda."
My god video games are bland
tbh this is how people talk about music too
I miss the times when people took risk when they were making games
That line from the sable review is extra annoying because it’s not true at all. Like it’s true that sable is inspired by botw, but it’s not even close to being true that now all open world games include climbing anywhere and gliding. Like not even close to true lol. Like how did that line make it past the editor it’s like so bad
does anybody knows the name of the game in minute 0:19 ???
This happens a lot with critics and is often, in my opinion, the sign of a lazy critic. For example in music I'll see a lot of people just refer to the influences an artist has drawn on rather than looking at the actual merits of the work. E.g. when the new Black Country, New Road album came out so many people would say they loved (and some hated) the Arcade Fire influence in it. This is a valid reason to like a project for most people, but when you're a professional art critic, there should be an expectation to look a bit deeper than surface level observations of a project's influences that most people could make.
Now that Elden Ring is out, every game from now on is going to be like Elden Ring
What's Death Stranding like?
its insane how much Dark souls changed gaming as a whole. Imagine if Dark Souls never happened (or Demon Souls for that matter). The only video games that would exist would be Breathe-likes with that incredibly innovative climbing mechanic WITH A STAMINA BAR!!!!!
“There’s nothing quite like it”
IGN: Mario Kart 8 deluxe takes clear inspiration from Dark Souls
I don't think it's game devs being unoriginal with games. I think the biggest problem is game reviewers trying to find comparisons with everything as a way of giving the players an idea of how the game plays.
is it hard to find originality?  Edit: it's been a year and I still didn't get the question :(
Now all we need is to combine Dark Souls with Zelda and every other game out there will be like that game!
Gamers don't know what adventure games are so they say Zelda instead
I don't know why but this video just made me sad. These guys make it sound like no game has any uniqueness to it even if it borrowed concepts or themes from other big-name AAA games like it's a bad thing and any merit that game has is instantly stripped away because it borrowed things from another game. Now it is no longer worth your time and money. Sure it may or may not be meant that way but it certainly feels like it.
“I’ve never played any game like this” Proceeds to name 15 games exactly like it…
this depressed me
LULW WHO IS THIS GUY
well ill be damned
deeply disturbed by the critical output that's just X is like Y plus Z (maybe W) and the audience that eats this shit up
2:54 that's literally deadcells
All the games  1. Dark Souls  2. Zelda  3. Counter strike
you do a damn good job of making me hate game journalists
Yup, pretty much.
Please tell me what is this game 0:28
It's why games are becoming boring.
*Player character dies and respawns*  Game reviewers: _Is this a Dark Souls?_
the base of every game in the industry: dark souls zelda minecraft doom call of duty dmc diablo left 4 dead dota age of empires metroid if you played these games you've pretty much played every mainstream popular game in existence.   but... who grandfathered roguelike/lite games? I'd like to think risk of rain 2 is a fighting king of the genre but not the originator. in my head there isn't a clear establishment of the genre which may be why i enjoy them so much.. idk.
Oh no, did someone take inspiration from another game again and then people made the comparison? How awful!
This really says a lot about society.
Remember during the ps1 era where no 2 games felt the same like at all? Now every game plays the same. The controls are the same. The only thing that’s different is the coat of paint.  Can game companies go back to that? Also the game doesn’t need to be 40 hours. Make a great 10 hour game that’s is memorable and fun to replay over and over 20 30 years later. Like a mega man x or a classic resident evil.
Actually, all games take inspiration by pong
I mean, yeah reviewers tend to compare similar systems and mechanics to whichever series pioneered those concepts, I'm not sure what the issue really is with that
do videogame critics even play games?  all you hear them blurt out is a bunch of cringe “gAmeR” lingo to get them around their so called review without most likely playing or experiencing the game in the first place. I don’t get it man..
Can we get an homage to jedi academy combat, how come this style of combat hasn't been replicated?
I mean, they could have done this in the 8 bit era but just saying, "Like Mario."
every video game is dark souls
Games grab inspiration from everywhere whether intentionally or not, there will be a game out there that is like another because there are so many. It's not as much about what else can you do anymore, it's about how can grow off of what is already there.
when you're waiting for the video to start and then you realize this IS the video
And now Elden Ring is the Breath of the Wild of Dark Souls.
apparently, every open world game is unoriginal due to zelda and every hack and slash is unoriginal due to dark souls
Alrighty but next we gotta talk about originality in these damn reviews.
Dunkey is clearly taking inspiration from Skeleton Bones Ghoulie
it's like Skyrim with guns!
Darksiders isn't a copy. Do some research
Damn I thought I was watching a Crowbcat video for a second
This video has clear inspiration from crowbcat
This has all come together to reveal there are only 4 games that exist. Dark Souls Zelda DMC Bayonetta.
From software should be payed 5% in royalties for inspiring every game known to man
This video should be named "Originality in Video Games Reviews"
I think the creativity problem stems more from reviewers trying to clarify what gamers are getting into rather than the actual games being original.
I've heard early buzz about Silksong is that it is heavily inspired by Gran Turismo because they're both games.
I can trace the ripping off to the point where I can confidently say that Elden ring was inspired by Sudoku.
Any game that involves walking somewhere:  Game reviewers: This game clearly borrows elements from Death Stranding. This game is clearly a strand-type. This game is ripping off the strand series. This game is strand-like. Strand. Strand! STRAND!
game journalists are so inept they literally cannot describe a game to save their life so they just have to compare it to other games and hope people understand what they mean. Imagine if a food critic never described how something tasted beyond comparing it to other foods which they also can't actually describe and are just hoping you've tasted before.
"With the swords and bows and environmental hazards it's kind of a rip off of Hades" ...have... have you never played a rougelike? Seriously this is one the stupidest sentences I've ever heard
Took me half the video, but I eventually realised this was going to be the whole video
this entire video is my pet peeve
This video really made me realize how i never hear you say this shit in your reviews.
Okay but all the billions of inventions and mathematical rules are based on thousands of other laws/rules. Thats how everything works in life so it isn't a bad thing. Inventing a completely new thing is the same as trying to create a new element. Games build on each other and that's exactly why we have the nice games as we have now.
It’s on the nose! An industry of Zelda clones!!
I think human mind is available to create certain number of mechanics that make sense, and even though there always can be little changes, some original additions etc you will always be able to recognize the core. Its normal. Like open world games, people are crying that asssassin's creed formula is repeated so much (and yeah its very often too much) to the point where you cant have fuckin pallisade wall with soldiers inside in elden ring without people crying that its just AC outpost. Like holy fuck yes there are outposts in medieval settings what the fuck do you expect, soldiers should be fuckin kalinka dancing through the land so you can have something "original"? We need to step back a little with comparing everything to each other because games are made by a fuckin human mind and are set in some specific settings they will take things from. You can write the most original game in fuckin history, create your own engine, write mechanics from nothing and still I guarantee you that it will look somewhat similiar to something that was already made.
Man, this video is kind of like The Legend of Zelda
This isn't a problem with games. This is a problem with game journalists. It's also a problem with games.
That outro song slaps like "HOW CAN SHE SLAP?!"
if it aint broke dont fix it.
This made me sad.
"This game really makes you FEEL like you're playing a different game."
“There’s nothing quite like x, it has features from z & v”
Actually, all these games are inspired by pong
Not only do I trust journalism, I especially trust game journalism which is a noble yet dying profession.
Meanwhile, I Am Alive is raging because they had the stamina meter for climbing way back in 2012.
MAN they are wrong dark souls borrows heavily from CONTRA this fucking game is a true dark souls.
Lightened up dark souls? what do you call that. dim souls?
What a non thing to post. Wow, using similarities as a way to market a game and give the listener a better sense what a strange thought. Maybe we should all use emotional language and never techincal descriptive specifications ever again. Jsut to confuse everyone.
Entire population of mainstream games "journalists" don't understand what genres are so all they can say is "this game is basically X but Y"
Knack 3 tho, thats goona be a whole new game.
yea its almost like comparison is the easiest way to communicate ideas with people who already know about previously existing things that can be compared to...
I mean, that's kinda how all things work.  Everything is based on whatever came before, especially if it was a good, profitable idea.
Well yeah Eldest Souls is a "souls-like" soooo
Videogamedunkey is like the Dark Souls of youtube
"there's nothing like this"  Proceeds to list off a few games that are like it.
Every FPS is a Doom clone. Every over-the-shoulder TPS is a Resident Evil 4 clone.
Art is always derivative. It is very rare for genuinely new ideas to come about and even those of course are rooted somehow in older ideas as well.
3d beat em up game = DMC if rolling is one of the main feature = dark souls If it has gliding/climbing = botw If the game tell you to dodge = batman/AC 4 player game with zombie = L4D
3:00 ah yes, this game also has *a character* that *does things*
With players from FIFA 20 and the graphics of FIFA 21 we'll probably get FIFA 22.
christ, who watches this shit? these people are unbearable
games are origianl enough but the game journalism is lazy
To be fair, that one game was clearly a hades knockoff though...
How IGN would review Life : At Childhood it gives a lot of Zelda BOW vibes, then in the puberty parts, loud music and style kicks in so Devil May Cry fans will be happy. Finally out of college definitely life has a lot of dark souls.
People think Dunkey is making some statement about videogame journalism and not lack of originality in videogames smh. The industry is infected with sameness because the aim of a AAA videogame is, first and foremost, to sell a lot of copies. This is because the creative vision of the creators (if one assumes there was one before it was mutilated into tried and tested videogame formulas) often has to be sacrificed in order to appeal to investors, which secures the continued survival of the company. Every game shown in this video is a recreation of something tried and tested, which becomes endlessly reproduced because the consumer time and again shows a willingness to buy the tried and tested formula (with minor variations such as *replace assassin with samurai*, *move 3d perspective to 2d*, etc. etc.) Dark Souls is worthy of comparison because it took actual creative risks. Risks in storytelling, difficulty and gameplay elements which made the game itself inaccesible to the mainstream, and thereby detaches it from the industry standard and transforms it into something more than mere commodity. Furthermore, the risk it took actually paid off! This is such an excellent achievement.  Games *such as* Dark Souls come around once in a while, everything in between those are just industry filler looking for a handout from the people who are either unable to look past the sameness in the industry or willing to accept it.
I’ve learned that comparisons are only references in video game reviews. A good focal point to which you can compare something to.
"The McDonalds play pit is the dark souls of like kids entertainment" -Jerma985
Ah yes, the classic say this aspect of a game is like this other, completely unrelated game, and refuse to elaborate or draw any kind of actual meaningful comparison between the two games. A staple of companies who suck at game reviewing, AKA, their one fucking job.
its like games fit in a genre and other games in that genre are like said game 🤯
Of course there are a lot games that are influenced and take stuff that worked in other games - but the whole cross referencing shit aswell... just think about explaining a game to someone who has no clue about games and doesnt know a single one of those referenced games. They all should try and write a game review for a newspaper or tv channel.
This is a bad movie, there was no Shrek and barely any Donkey.
This video inspired my totally unique, original game idea I’m calling:  “The Stamina-based, Dark Legend of the Wild Breath Soul, Featuring: Mario.”
I just cannot farhom that the words "assassins" and 'creed" are not said once throughout this video
The world would be a more creative place if neckbeard nintendo fans were never given platforms for their ideas.
Soooo every game is a copy of either DMC, Breath of the wild or Dark souls right?
2:14 does anyone know what game this is?
so basically we all need to thank fromsoft and nintendo for making the first video games ever being zelda and dark souls
I enjoy how dunkey has only one line in this entire video
Oh wow so this is a whole new kind of video. Now I can get on board this
when all you know is games, everything... looks like a game 🤔  the elevator pitch is the worst thing gamedev schools have given us
Its like they're just listing games they've played to prove that they are in fact video game players  instead of martians
"I've never played anything like what is essentially the combination of these 2 video games!"
Lol wel made video another one
Just watched the Batman movie and it makes you FEEL like you are Batman.
This game makes you feel like dark souls
my life has taken inspiration from dark souls
You're literally taught to make pitches like this in school because people (customers) are so adverse to completely original and novel things. This is why there's so many remakes. It isn't the companies: it's people obsessing over the same ips. Just look at star wars, or better yet: talk to anyone who goes to Disneyland.
Yo what's the name of the game at 2:08? I love the art style.
if someone asks why botw and dark souls is my favorite game ill show this video
guys, dying light 2 has a stamina bar - confirmed breath of the wild knock off.
"Eldest Souls" The game developers for this game cannot be serious...they must've been laughing their asses off when they called it that
I imagine the review for Elden Ring will be " a game that draws heavy inspiration from games like Zelda Breath of The Wild and Dark Souls" lol
Dark Souls : The Father of Modern Video Games
I like how every game gets compared to dark souls, but then elden ring gets compared to botw???
So clearly these journalists have always been out of their minds. And here I thought gamers were being mean.
...making knack the most innovative game of the 21st century
As a brewer, this concept of defining and combining styles is important for creating waypoints for quality. You can trace it all back to the classics.
what was the game at 2:08?
“this is a cars game so its much like  F o r t n i t e”
This game is like if "A" and "B" had a baby.  Review over.
any game that has a form of difficulty is immediately written off as souls like and any game with an open world is considered a zelda like game.
'Sekiro is just like dark souls'  Damn I never would've guessed...
game journalists
A lot of these game comparisons are really accurate and make it clear what the game will be. This comment section complaining about repetitiveness from gaming journalism when Dunkey literally just compiled a montage of people doing repetitive thigs is very disingenuous.
I think this shows that Dark Souls should have won game of the year in 2011 and not Skyrim
It's the first Souls-type game.
Definitely some crowbcat energy in this one
This is like saying there's no originality in food. Almost everything is inspired or borrows from something. That said, game reviewers are still stupid.
I love how they also compare some games that are nothing alike. Like seriously? Persona 5 strikers and Kingdom Hearts? The only similarities they have is that i presume they all breath oxygen
More like "Originality in journalism "
…yes, people like to use comparisons to familiar things in order to describe similar, novel things. Does Dunk think he’s making some grand revelation with this video? I get that he’s frustrated with a lack of originality in the way critics or reviewers phrase things, but it’s not like games have no new ideas. His one-line reference to that fact in his original Game Critics video (the whole “feel like Batman” meme)  was a better summation of that idea than this entire video. This is lazy.
Minecraft is clearly a knock off of the human evolution
in the 90's  before the term "FPS" became widely used, we used the term "Doom clone"
the game from 1:35 actually looks like a knock off of hades
eldest souls....
I would hate to be a day-to-day video game critic/reviewer.
I hear recently that Dark Souls is a metroidvania in 3d
Zelda + Darksuls = Elden Ring There is only one exist game
Comparing something to something else that exists is a great way to describe what a game is like to people, I don’t think it makes games unoriginal. Every game ever takes inspiration from other games. Question is if they put their own spin on things.
Getting a lot of "Boss Baby" vibes from this
As someone who's been gaming for over 30 years, I do feel a resonance with this. It seems similar to the way pop and rock music became a phenomenon in the mid 20th century, but now musicians rely on a syncretism of different styles to create something new. I find that whenever I see a game review, I tend to just think in the same terms of the reviewers, "So it's Dark Souls with JRPG elements" or "It's like Civ but with fantasy elements." For the last ten years or so, I've found nothing wrong with this, as it's sometimes those mix-ups that produce a very enjoyable product. However, as someone who largely feels done with gaming and plays very rarely now, I do struggle to find the sense of awe and wonder that I used to in years passed. Currently playing Elden Ring, and the creativity and artistry is truly fantastic. That alone can be reason sufficient to continue. At the half way mark now, though, I can feel my desire to continue waning, for no other reason than "I feel I've seen this all before". I don't think this is the game's fault either, and for those who have not experienced as many iterations of the formula, (or simply not been playing 3D action RPGs since Ocarina of Time was first released), it will most likely be an intensely enjoyable experience. As for those who feel jaded with gaming however, I think it will take a quantum shift in game technology to inspire the aforementioned sense of awe and wonder once again. Perhaps when AI has reached such a level that I could have a conversation with NPCs in plain English and have them respond realistically, or a physics engine that represented true to life responses given any theoretical action I took in the game.
I have to say it okay to compare inspiration. when we buy new game we expect some basic part and them some new. so comparing gives us base game under standing. every dish have some ingredient as base reference. Dark soul, Doom and BOW gives some basic reference feeling which they are trying to emulate in other games.
Anyone know the game at 2:09?
There are two types of ways to approach making games, refiners and innovators. I think it's fine to refine existing ideas, so long as you do it well and do something different from the inspiration.
Man, dunks is really good at voice acting. None of those were the same. Incredible talent.
Never forget when a review called Farcry 3 “like skyrim with guns”… which other than being open world, it is nothing like.
Dunkey makes a point even when he does not make a point.
game reviewers try to make a review without comparing it to a popular triple a title challenge (IMPOSSIBLE)
Elden ring is the breath of the wild of dark souls
And now we have Elden Ring. Dark Souls and BOTW
But who did Dark Souls borrow from?
It's almost like they're trying to make people hate games by claiming they all ape each other because game journalists are wastes of space who can't even beat a tutorial level and all the gameplay footage they have are generally stolen from youtube videos and they only have surface level knowledge because they're expected to pump out 30 reviews every second.
Shadow of the colossus started that stamina bubble
this is all zeldas fault
Damn, if you play Dark Souls and a couple of Zelda games, you've experienced like half of what the industry has to offer!
There are always idiots that think using an idea is ripping it off.  Every game uses a map oh no ripoff!
Nihil novi sub solem, Dunks
Dunkey only talks for like 5 seconds in this video
this video reminded me how important having a good sounding voice is in making a video pleasing/worthwhile to watch
gaming is dead.
People shit talking reviewers but dunkey does the same thing in his reviews
Now Elden Ring is kinda like Dark Souls and BOTW
"If my grandmother had wheels..."
2:52 this something someone with only 2 hours or even less of gameplay in death gambit will say 🤣
1:40 i kinda agree with this one  I literally thought that was indeed hades
Moral of the story: Just go replay Zelda or Dark Souls.
the exaggerated comparisons of a verified twitter user
thank god elden ring came out
You know as sucky as nintendo can be at times they kind of right sometimes. Why make a new F-zero games if the series has nothing new to offer you know. Loved dark souls1 and 2, but DS3 was kind of just the same sucky dick shit game.
And now we have Elden Ring. Quite literally the love child of Dark Souls and The Legend Of Zelda.
Damn.. Game devs make me want to not buy games
I hope that someday there is a combat game involving toilets, so that I can say that it was inspired by the plunging attack from Dark Souls.
"It's all dark souls and breath of the wild?" *"Always has been"*
Conclusion: Only the Japanese create video games
please what is this end credit music?! i think its from mario cart wii??
No he has a point 🤣🤣🤣
You just need to work backwards to find what is truly the original game
This video takes inspiration from unoriginality in the video game industry and combines it with classic, run of the mill game critic reviews
I feel like this is just the consequence and natural direction of postmodern world where everything is influenced by something and it simplifies describing a feature. I don't necessarily see a problem with describing an element of a game through another game but if you define it solely that way then it becomes a problem.
Ironically this video’s like crowbcat.
0:19 what game is that
Finley needs to do a Genshin review
Imagine if you're not familiar with Zelda or Dark Souls, no game review will ever make any sense
Can't forget the originality of these critics/reviewers.
Dark souls takes inspiration from dark souls
Wait... this video doesn't exist. I'm absolutely certain that this video never existed until *right now*
Aint gonna lie i thought I wouldn't like scarlet nexus but I love that damn game
Films borrow from other films, obviously games would borrow from other games...
If its a horror game then its Silent Hill instead of Dark Souls
Any game with people and weapons is clearly a dark souls ripoff! 0/10
i like to play counter strike because it really reminds me of counter strike
It’s been truly bizarre going from playing demons and dark souls when the only place people were discussing the game was on 4chan, to now when every game is shamelessly trying to be dark souls and cash in with the dudebro crowd that never picked up the series until after DS3 came out.   At one point I was telling everyone to play DS1 because I felt it was very under appreciated, now I can’t stand hearing about the series anymore. People just can’t help themselves
every fps game is doom, every adventure game is zelda, every rpg is persona, and everything else is dark souls
With this logic you can describe every FPS game as Doom.
"hee haw"  The best description for a video ever
I think that the enemy got the point
Every game is realy just inspired by super mario 2
borrowing from old ideas isnt a bad thing. what makes a game original is how those ideas are used. Some of those examples used are creative original games despite being expansions on previous ideas.
Knack is a Dark Souls rip-off. Knack 2, on the other hand, was clearly inspired by Zelda Breath of the Wild
Why do people look surprised when i say Crash Bandicoot is my favorite Dark Souls game?
Its going to get to the point where you, the player, are actually inspired by dark souls
yea and this is just a crowbat video
FUCCCCC
This is why being a critic is hilarious.  Its like they think they're the expert lmao
There’s nothing like this game  *reminds me of every game I’ve ever played in my entire life*
So, I’m this game you have a guy who does a thing.   This is clearly inspired by dark souls, zelda, Mario, hollow knight, and every video game ever.
Pong is the dark souls of arcade games
I really wish game critics would shut the fuck up about this stuff. It's becoming very annoying.
Dark souls is the dark souls of dark souls
I was thinking that one of the videos that will show how to be original in games, but that would work, i think
Due to it’s usage of geometric blocks, it’s hard not to be reminded of Tetris while playing Minecraft. Don’t even get us started on Terraria!
(Insert game) makes you feel like your playing zelda
why do all these "journalists" sound equally insufferable
I’ve been compiling ideas for a video game I’d like to make for a few years now, and this is my greatest fear.  That I’ll finish it, put it on Steam, and everyone will describe it as ripoff of Doom and Deus Ex, despite me trying my very best to distinguish its mechanics as its own thing
Gaming channels are insufferable. Except for, ya know Dunkey.
Breath of the Wilds stamina based climbing is clearly inspired on I am Bread
The game we clearly need: Dark Zelda Breath of the Souls.
The grass in this game clearly draws inspiration from, well, you wouldn’t understand.
This is how people sound when they talk about indie games
Although this is exactly how I try and describe games to my friends to try and get them to play it. Features of games that they like described
originality in game reviews.
The lack of voicework in the greater part of this video letting the clips speak for themselves shows dunkey took heavy inspiration from crowbcat
Game: *character takes damage*  People: "It's just like Dark Souls"
This is why I will become a game dev and make Shitposting the Videogame it won’t make sense all you know is it’s fun
Simpson's did it.
I'm pretty sure the problem isn't that the games are actually that much similar, but that the REVIEWERS are, and they lack adjectives in their vocabulary.
You know what Dark Souls was inspired by? -Banjo Kazooie
_"This new tetris game plays like a combination of Dark Souls + Breath of the Wild"_
I still cant tell whether this video is a critique of game devs, game reviewers, or both
Anything with a stamina bar=  Dark souls and BOTW rip off
"This game is the only one of it's kind. However, these games are very similar to it
who cares
I've been wondering when the next big original title will come out. But on the other hand, musicians all have other bands who've "inspired" their music before too. It's just that this is,...okay it's lazy.  Also I'm surprised dunkey had so many dub errors. I believe it's called "Dunk Souls"
I know alot of ppl might not like me saying this but I never seen AngryJoe review games like this. Not a fanboy
If a video game has lore for respawn mechanics it's Dark Souls.
with clear inspiration from Taxi Driver, and just enough The King of Comedy to set it apart, Joker serves to wow modern audiences
Is Dunkey making a point on originality in games? Or wosre; games journalism?! How dare he! I'm gonna go play Terraria, which there is nothing quite like, that is best described as Minecraft, but in 2D.
You know for someone completely new to any of this, these are actually valid comparisons and explainations. But for the majority of us who already know this shit its like saying hey the sky's blue. Of fucking course its blue. But fr there are sum real IGNORANT ppl out there who dont know these things.  But then again anyone who watches IGN reviews would definitely be into these things
You wanna know what game was wholly original? Death Stranding
Seems like these have a little something for everyone
Everything copied Hollow Knight, which copied dark souls
Dammit Dunkey, I’ll never take any video reviews about games seriously after watching this video lmaoo they’re all literally like this
So, stamina bar automatically = BOTW. Gotcha
More like "originality in reviews" All they can think about saying is "this game is cool like [popular game title]" or "the game shares the SAME mechanics as [extremely popular game title] 😱!!!" Meanwhile the only thing those 2 games have in common is just the WASD keys for the movement.
But seriously what is the game that is like rocket league
Game: *is hard* Reviewers: Getting some serious Dark Souls vibes here
Hey Dunky, you're the man. That's all.
Dark Souls
Tbh I was gonna say this is a bit of a nitpick, but I just remembered that funkey has covered every other point about video game journalists so he’s gotta dig deep now
I mean, this is how originality works in everything. Basically everything that has ever been designed by people follows the basic concepts of: copy, transform, merge. The only completely original ideas and uninspired thoughts are being made by people in psychiatric wards..
Dunkey fell off
Bunkey
Its all Devilmaycry and DarkSouls all this time? Reviewers: Yes
everything is inspired by zelda or darksouls
This video clearly takes inspiration from The Zelda franchise and Dark Souls
I didn't know I had played 50% of all games by buying the DMC HD Collection
Nice to know I don't have to play any other game after I'm done with Dark Souls. Other than Elden Ring of course,  which is basically like a Zelda open world but still beautiful like Dark Souls :^)
what was that second game shown?
I just know every review for Pokémon Legends is going to follow this review format.
You could have also made this video be about how EVERY SINGLE ONE of these reviewers speaks with the exact same annoying intonations.
God i wanna beat these people the more they talk
This video makes fun of "indie game could be compared to AAA game" and the one game that tried to market itself differently is now the biggest inside joke on this channel because big man kojima said it was a "strand type game"
But u have to describe the game with examples so can't blame them all
This video is literally my worst nightmare because game reviewers will see a title screen then list all games that have ever had a title screen
god damn that shit is actually pretty annoying lol its basically dark souls.
Fans of Seven Samurai and Ace Ventura should notice the similarities in this video.
We can all agree that this guy took major inspiration from the wildly popular videogamedunkey.
god i hate videogames but your funny dunkey
At first glance, I think games these days have problems and concerns about mass production rather than creating innovations while continuing to imitate the same system.🤔
Nobody had the guts to take inspiration from knack because nobody can live up to its legendary legacy
Dark souls and Zelda my two most favorite video game franchises and debatably the most influential.
I love how much Dunkey says without saying a single word.
"i never played games like it before" -> immediatly starts listing games simillar to it
Game: *is somewhat difficult* Game journalist:" it's like dark souls"
Had to unlike this just so I could like it again.
I hate when people say a game is like soulsborne and it is just a 3rd person action game
any action video game with character that can jump : *exists* game journalists : "yeah, this game is definitely taking inspiration from mario because the character jumps"
This is the whole reason I stare at new games and can’t play them often. Every game is “like x but with y elements, 4/10” so why not just play x or y since they clearly did it better? Or “clearly inspired by x”…. So why not just play x?
this isnt about originality in videogames, its about originality in videogames reviews
The amount of times breath of the wild was mentioned is just- 😂💀
even real life has taken some inspiration from darksouls
I'm getting the impression that most youtube game reviewer hacks don't actually think about what is coming out of their mouths. Ever. 2:14 WRONG, Metal Gear Solid 2 had a grip meter before BOtW.
What's the first game?
we got pretty fucked in the timeline. the earlier the date the more you could invent but now its like, everythings been done and theres nothing new to create so we just keep doing shit over and over and hoping it'll some how become new at some point. thing is we wouldn't have something like this in say, 1900 because we didn't have the technology for it. i have no idea where we would be now if 1900 did have the technology to make video games. we might not even be here because it got so bad before 2022 that humanity had already gone extinct. or it could have gotten better but i doubt that one lol.
BOTW is genshin clone, cope
DUNKEY, play Project Zomboid.
You know this game is just like Sekiro of the Wild: Souls die Twice
Game critics have a rich vocabulary, as evident by their poignant use of the words "dark" and "souls".
this video takes inspiration from angryvideogamenerd with some dark souls mixed in.
Breath of the Wild + Dark Souls + Devil May Cry + Hades. You are now a gaming journalist.
Thats a good point
I somehow never realized just how many games are inspired by dark souls. This is absurd
6.9 Subs Nice.
All joking aside, these trends really are becoming more rampant and affecting the overall gameplay in modern games at such a ridiculous rate that most games are just boring now. Like most of these comparisons are true. Most of the games being reviewed in this video ARE built off the backs of better games and the further a game is dethatched from originality, the less style and substance it ends up having.
Not one game I’m excited for this year.
Did you know that the original Zelda actually takes heavy inspiration from dark souls due to an inclusion of enemies
You have a character like dark souls.
Thats the Human Brain: pattern recognition
People just like to compare new stuff to stuff they know so they can figure out what to think about it. That's all this video is
It takes two and that other game the developers made with those guys breaking out of jail together was original. Gameplay wise.
1:51 "hey Chuck, how do I say that this game is an obvious BOTW knockoff without making it so Ubisoft stops sending us review copies?" "Fuck it, I don't know. Say it has a clear reverence for it or something."
slashing = sekiro rolling mechanic = dark souls stamina = zelda Hotel = Trivago
All I care about is if these are good games
I can't tell if games are being less original or that any asshole who have basic reading/writing skills can be a gaming journalist.  I'm waiting for "This game looks like [very popular title] because they both use analog joysticks and an array of 13 buttons".
If you follow the inspiration line everything goes back to tetris.
I'd like to see one of these that goes through every inspiration being reviewed to see when reviewer think something is an original game
Maybe it’s done too much, but I honestly don’t mind when reviewers mention other games. It gives me a reference point to compare a game to, and it can help me decide whether I’ll like it or not. It might be lazy journalism, but giving the viewer a reference point is not an inherently a bad thing   And some games have nothing you can compare them to. They really unique experiences. How do you compare Nier Automata to other games? It’s just…its own weird, distinct experience that’s unlike any other game
What's the game at 0:20?
Pong is like a souls-like, zelda-like, top-down physics simulator.
God this is probably one of the unfunniest comments section I’ve ever read !
Bro dark souls isn't that fantastic to begin with
"There's never been a game quite like Red Dead Breath of the Wild Tsushima Arkham Horizon Zero Mario Grand Theft Metal Gear Souls before.  Think of Dark Souls, with a dash of Assassin's Creed, a hint of Battle Toads and a pinch of Tetris for good measure, and you might begin to understand what the f**k it is I'm babbling about."
wtf shadow of the colossus did stamina climbing before botw
it's a good thing no horror game has been able to emulate the first three silent hill games tbh
When I came into existence I took a lot of inspiration from my parents.
Dark souls has taken some easy inspiration from Dark souls
But there is only one strand type-game.
After my tenth time seeing this, I totally believe this is supposed to criticize video game journalists. That title though. It scares me. The end too. Edit: I think it's about the games again.
Actually, all these games are just inspired by pong
Yea this game is like Sekiro because you can jump at shit. Can’t wait for the new souls title
"My game has no merits of its own, so I have to reference an already popular game to get you interested"
clearly dunkey mixes some inspiration from the me at the zoo video
I want to see some review from when Dark Souls first came out - no, Demon's Souls. Would they say that it's a strong homage to the Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time?
All i hear arte those horrible ign commentators
What is the game before Ghosts of Tsushima? Interesting art style
This is how new things are created. Take thing A, copy it, change it a little, now you have thing B. Take thing B, copy it, change it a little, now you have thing C. Repeat. Eventually you will have thing Z, which is completely different from thing A.
As you can jump in the game, it is clearly just like Mario Bros.
With the ability to explore and pwn enemies, this games are a direct homage to Pac-Man.
It looks like I have to play all of legend of zelda games to get this video
The lesson to learn is that once youve played zelda and dark souls youve played every game in existence
Call of duty takes inspiration from sly cooper and deathloop      and zelda
“Its like nothing we’ve ever seen before..” “…Its like a mix of…” Amazing
Game Critics need to start actually reviewing the game  I've only played like 10% of the games mentioned
Dark souls, devil may cry, and botw are what you put on the magic triangles three points to summon any modern video game
WTF EM I WATCHING
This is why Death Stranding is in my opinion the most original gaming experience to come out in the last five years.
I've never played ANYTHING like this game before!  Except for all of those games that I played that were like this game, before!
This is why I never want to create games, I'd be pissed geting dumb comparisons like these.   "Milk takes a great homeage to water, almost shamelessly copies some of it's features lije being quenching and being liquids. If you've drank water, you've experienced all."
Whats the game at 0:20?
Whats the game at 0:20 it looks sick as hell
Mario Tennis 64 takes heavy inspiration from Pong
So every 3rd person game is now like BotW, Dark Souls and DMC? lol
Half of these comparisons are decently valid tho
This game has a pixel art style, clearly drawing inspiration from minecraft
This video mentioning Let it Die convinced me to finally buy the game, and I can say it's very unlike other games I've played.
Bruh, they don't even know how to properly compare games. I don't like to compare games. Every game is unique in its own way to me. Even if it is clearly inspired from some other game.
this is dunkey's worst video...
God dmc, dark souls, and botw are suuuuuuuch good games, I can’t wait to play them one day
My favorite part was when the rogue like game had rogue like elements the reviewer was calling it a copy for being like a rogue like.
Y’know I don’t necessarily think noting other games when reviewing one is terrible. I think everything comes from somewhere, especially nowadays.  But this is just overboard, like, no need to compare every mechanic in a new game to every game ever.
I thought I was on crowbcat's channel for a few minutes there
As you can see this game has swords which is obviously a homage to dark souls
I didn't know this many games were inspired by dark souls
Dark Souls is so above most of these games that I wish it would be really inspired by it
This is more just showing how shit ign is at reviewing games where they always have to compare every game to other similar titles
You literally put zero effort in your videos anymore and that’s exactly why I unsubscribe. Pretty disappointing since I used to love all of your videos.
Man Who’s this Zelda guy
Thank you Dark Souls. Very cool.
"Dark Souls draws inspiration from Dark Souls, which was heavily based on Dark Souls. Also, Dark Souls". –Dark Souls
everything is either dark souls or breath of the wild, got it
Everyone acting like Shadow of the Colossus didn't have stamina based climbing 2 decades ago really started to piss me off by the end of the video
Every game is just a knock off of noughts and crosses
“Doom clone”
Taking inspiration and even flat out copying GOOD mechanics from other games isn't inherently bad. It's if those mechanics fit the game and what else new/unique stuff the game has to offer to justify its existence.
“Nothing is original. Steal from anywhere that resonates with inspiration or fuels your imagination. Devour old films, new films, music, books, paintings, photographs, poems, dreams, random conversations, architecture, bridges, street signs, trees, clouds, bodies of water, light and shadows. Select only things to steal from that speak directly to your soul. If you do this, your work (and theft) will be authentic. Authenticity is invaluable; originality is non-existent. And don’t bother concealing your thievery - celebrate it if you feel like it. In any case, always remember what Jean-Luc Godard said: “It’s not where you take things from - it’s where you take them to."   - Don Cheadle
Bro just compared kena to sekiro......
Let’s be honest halo infinite is just titanfall 2
Dunkey continually chumps the majority of videogame journalists.
I hope the next dark souls draws inspiration from dark souls.
botw is so good that is became the box-standard generic video game template.
So playing dark souls is playing the whole decade, got it
when dark souls itself becomes a genre
Dunkey will always be imprinted into my memory as that fake black guy who never claimed to be black 😂
Everything is dark souls, yet dark souls is definitely the best dark souls.
Like a stand-up, Sir Dunkey, you notice the funny in the truly most mundane things that we all just put up with from day to day, great writing / videos, thank you.
Coop772: Everything is a Jolt Reskin IGN: Everything is a Dark Souls Reskin 😂
Every fucking game is a dark souls like these days
I'm not a game journalist but I've been guilty of making comparisons like these and I think it's really just how I process unfamiliar things, by comparing them to things that I already know. But most journalists are dumbasses that can barely pass tutorials so I wouldn't doubt they copy each other's scripts.
I was gonna say death's gambit is quite literally dead cells and dark souls mixed together, with the UI and gameplay. And then someone compares dead cells to dark souls.
Why do people do this?  No, really. Why do people talk about video games like this? They should talk about the mechanics as they are, not as they were featured in other video games. The only time saying "it's like ___ fused with ___ " is valid or even relevant is when the devs explicitly said they were trying to be like those games.   So why does this happen?
This makes me never want to play another video game ever again in my whole entire life.
"borrowing heavily" is a wierd way to say stealing
The originality of gaming journalists
Say what you want about it, but there’s one and only one strand-type game.
So basically playing dark souls is equivalent to playing every game in existence past present and future, right?
Fucking videogame journalism like this shit just pisses me off.
I think Dunkey's method of making videos can be said to be heavily inspired by the dark souls series.
Gaming is dead hobby now.
There are only 2 original games: donkey Kong country,
Thank you, Dark Souls.
XDD
This video is like a spoon going into my anus to distract from the pain of listening to these horrible metaphors to describe a video game
Should've listen to the girl talking about nioh, the only souls-like game that is not really a souls-like game but whatever
I think, for my money, the new halo reboot is the best souls-like game this year.
What’s the game at 2:11?
Meh.
bruh
I mean I know they complain a lot by comparing.. most of them are really over doing it yes but at the end it's true games now are just copy past of each other ...
i dont care if a game has something new or is original. just because it is something new doesnt make it automatically good and if it is inspired or "copied" from other games doesnt make it automatically bad.
all games are just dark souls or botw
lmao... theres nothing like X game, its like games x, y and z  wtf is wrong with people hahaha
Hey guys, what is the name of the game after kena bridges of spirits? I am intrigued by the artstyle
this top down 1v1 black vs white turn-based RPG is a shameless rip off dark souls
f̴̟̓̽́̚e̶̺̳̗̙̖̠̟̓̓͂̋̚ę̵̧̛͖͉͈̦̯̖̻̗̝̼̺̀̌͗̈̏͑͛̍͑̏͘̚͝ͅd̴̡̧̧̛̞̥̲̼̪͓͉̺̣̥̣̿͗̀͂̌ͅ ̴̨̳̩̯͓͍̟̔̏̀̀̄̉́̈́͘͝͝t̴̪̙͇͎͇͇͚͙̹͇͚̞̆̂̿̕h̸̘͖͕̜͚͚̥͉̥̪͙̋̂͂̈ẹ̶̢̧̡̱̰̟̔̐ ̶̨̙͖̲̯̘̥͍͙̌̿̀̓͆̃̒̚a̶̡͇̩͍͓̩̹͍̠̓̽̀͌̔̌̃͂̎͛͑̒͌͘͠ļ̴̨̟̤͙̘͇̣̘͉̠̙̈̏͂́̎̚͜͜ǵ̴͔͓̫̳̯͎͍͙͌ö̵̡̨͓̗͎͚̝͚̼̖̺̞͎̫͇́̆̅̊̽̀̽͊̿̉̎̑̒̅̒r̸̨̞͔̬̤̆̃̔͜i̸̧̙̫̮̩̠̻͍͔̤̓̉̎͛̃̾͋͐̃̉̏̚͜t̷̡͔̺͖̺̯͉̱̤̤̊̅͘̚ḥ̵͖̲̼̟͕̙͓͇͊͑̽̉͗̏͝ͅm̴̲̘̮̰̙̞̻̘̂̓͒͛̉́͠͝͝͝
You kill enemies? Reminds me of dark souls
This video is a lot like dark souls.
Ah yes every game originally came from legend of Zelda
You can roll to avoid attacks, however if you are hit during the roll, you get hit. What do you think the roll was? A pocket dimension? We have shields if you want to deflect attacks.
Ah, every open game obviously takes inspiration from Breath Of The Wild
I love how he can make a video wit him day like 5 word and it got 2.5 million viewes
These games suck 😒.  😆
Dark Souls and its consequences have been a disaster for video games.
This comment section takes inspiration from the classic yahoo answers mixed with Twitter and 4chan
Every games are dark souls
I've never seen a video like this but when I rotated my phone Landscape it shared similarities with Dark Souls as that's the same rotation as my monitor.
I don't know if this is a critique of critics or a critique of the games or both  I understand completely have a nice day
money = comfort = scares to create something revolutionary 🤤🤤
I think dunkey just hate watches game reviewers now lol
gaming is getting worse and better at the same time. rip
I like how game journalists are so bad, they just compare a game to one game so many times, that they probably start comparing a game to a game they compared to another game to another game compared to another game.
i’d rather just play dark souls
This is physical pain
""everything is a remix"
"Let it die" Yes, please. Let gaming journalism die. Please. Why hasn't it died yet?
Zelda breathe of the poop
It’s like it’s writing itself!
Bro there gonna persona 4 took inspiration from persona 5 at some point
It has the ability to play the game, similar to Minecraft.
From this, I have concluded that there are two games:  - Zelda - Dark Souls
Finally someone brings up this issue with gaming journalists
I can't blame them too much, it's the easiest way to describe and pitch a videogame.  To be honest, every game is inspired by another game's idea.  BOTW's got HEAVY similarities to Shadow of the Colossus.  What makes a game original to me, is taking multiple (not just one) idea fun elements to games and combining the fun elements one likes, leaving one's own personality in their creation and making something new out of multiple, borrowed elements.  This goes with story, music, painting/drawings, character designs, all of it.  Even Mario's platforming was just an expanded idea of Donkey Kong, with the discovery of side-scrolling.  Then all other games like Metal Slug, Sonic, Megaman, and others took to make their own flavor of that formula.  This criticism just doesn't seem warranted.  I mean "Dreams" was an original idea for a console game, and it kinda sucked!
The way that this video is using a string of clip instead of explaining the narrative vocally is clearly inspired from the Crowbcat documentaries.
"You can walk in this game" Some people: WTF!!!!? 😡😡 BREATH OF THE WILD INVENTED THAT!!
every game is just copying "up" and dark souls
There are only two types of video games, breath of the wild, and dark souls
Wait, how is Persona 5 an action JRPG...?
mmm  New Super Mario Bros End Credits theme for the Nintendo DS
Yeh, but there's nothing wrong with that
This explains how there's no more originality in videogames (not saying it's bad)
So what I'm gathering from this is that video game reviewers are stupid.
Anyone know that game at 0:28?
Darksiders 3 and many more for them is Dark Souls they are going to say Devil May Cry that realeased way back is taking inspiration from Dark Souls cause they are really high on weed made with Dark Souls.
Onimusha (Capcom, 2001) Castlevania: Curse of Darkness (Konami, 2005)
nowday anything that is a bit hard=dark soul lol wtf? dark soul isn't even harder than most games where  bosses have mini games you just need to learn their skill set it's just repititive it's not like you are actually punished for dying by having a limited death count
Genshin Impact literally is just Breath of The Wild: The Gacha though
I swear to god if a game journalist finds a game even challenging for two minutes, it's "dark souls like" bitch no, stop saying that, I won't be able to tell whats actually difficult from you just being a poor player.
Well, you can't put a copyright on ideas, but it would be nice if they just called the games what they really are. Which is rip-offs...
I'm surprised it took that long to say the 2 easiest words in game journalism "Dark" and "souls"
Original youtube video. This is the content I want. Things everybody knows and says. Good job dubkey. 👏
This is why I only play visual novels now.
Inspiration is regrettable here?
I see you made a video almost like...
I wonder what they compare dark souls to
Dark souls is like demon souls for virgins
The hades knock off made my abs cringe
I honestly think this is less a fault with the games not being original and more a fault with game reviewers being unable to accurately describe an experience except by pointing to something else and saying “it’s kinda like that”
Some of these comparisons to other games were fair. It's not right to call one game a knock-off of another, but to point out similarities for fans is good.
If you are comparing Deathloop, a 1st person FPS where you dispatch mobs with 1 hit, can sprint through the map and constently get dialogue... to Dark Souls, you shoud imediatly lose 100% of your credibility for eterneity
It's not a problem of video games, but a problem of game reviews.
God I hate mainstream games journalism
Where does Dunkey draw inspiration from?
games journos bad. all they do is compare games to other games  anyways, splitgate is essentially halo combined with portal -
Taking heavy inspiration from Crowbcat
All modern games are built on past accomplishments, that's just how it works. But video games have been taking inspiration from each other since the arcade era.
The hilarious thing is, a lot of producers will forcibly rip open the elevator doors if your pitch says anything similar to "it's dark souls but anime". I vaguely remember an actual producer talking about that exact phrase, "think counter strike with hero elements" and he told that director so what.
Life is just one big Dark Souls reference
creative endeavours have inspirations to larger and lesser degrees, more news at 10
Everything = dark souls
This is a video game, much like the other video game - dark souls
Sometimes they have to really reach for these, but Jesus why can't games just be games. Makes me wonder whats / if there's a next evolution
i mean, it's a bit funny, but overall we all know why it's done, to get across the feel of the game as simple as possible.
Dark souls, dark souls, dark souls, dark souls, and dark souls.
Underrated video
I remember this when it dropped a rare miss from dunk. This video without his commentary after the clips to make some kind of point just makes this feel half baked
what is the game at 2:08 ? :)
I'm not even looking for originality. I just want a good game that isn't broken.
Halo infinite takes heavy inspiration from the game “tennis for two” released on the 18th of October 1958 both of these games have player interaction and use a screen to display the players actions.
Taking inspiration from every game 😂
today's game hournalists are like pretentious wine/whisky snobs. list enough pointless big words, and whoever's listening will get confused and just nod.
I'm so glad we don't have this issue with metroidvanias
This video is clearly inspired by Dark Souls
It has a little bit for everyone: 10/10!
You can breathe in the game? Clearly a rip-off from Wii Fit
I mean, they're not wrong with 90% of these.
When god made me and started to plan out my life, he took some clear inspiration from Dark Souls
This video has no originally.  ᗜˬᗜ
I swear Dunkey designed this video just to make me feel nauseated while also making fun of these remarks constantly comparing originality which I love xD
But you know why they do that, right?
this is so underrated LOL  "akin to dark souls, featuring guns"
Still waiting for someone to combine the strategy based elements of Chess with the chance based elements of Uno.
Hey now don’t 💩 on darksiders
Did he compare Tales of Arise with...Guilty Gear Xrd???
How is God of War like Onimusha other than pressing a button to attack? That made me scratch my head.
i mean the industry does ape what evers popular and copy mechanics from other games A LOT
It's like listening to a 5 year old... Dark souls this, dark souls that.  Hey you like donkey Kong?  No its a dark souls remake... How about... No dark souls remake...  Play a different game.
Tetris clearly inspired by cramped living conditions.
“I’ve never seen a game like Zelda: Skyward Sword before. Except…”
imagine spending years of development and design only to have your game compared to an assortment of the 20 popular games every critic will compare something to. or, better yet, designing a game based off a few of said 20 games and have that be it's only selling point. in the end, it doesnt matter since, clearly, all 3d games are just ripoffs and offspins of the third dimension, which we all live in. can they even get more shameless then that?
meanwhile there's only one strand type game.
Cuphead: kills inexperienced new player  Journalists: “So it’s a bit of a dark souls experience.”
IGN barrows heavily from the alphabet
Game from 2:50? Anyone?
Did you know that when The Elder Scrolls Arena came out it was described as a 'Doom-like RPG' and a 'Doom-clone' only because it was in a first person perspective? Nothing has actually changed!
For Honor out here like 'come on man why didn't I get any love.'
so new games are just DLC’s of Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild? Gotcha
I don't really get what the commentary here is. So pieces of media are inspired by the media that came before them? Yeah okay that's been the case like... forever lol. I feel like you should stick to the funny videos because your critiques have become kinda lazy tbh. Like dollar store Game Maker's Toolkit.  K I'm sorry. I still love you. I'll go.
This video has taken clear inspiration from Dark Souls
This video is just like IGn
Whats the game at 0:20
I guess I never have to play Dark Souls if every fuckin game is like it
But mention how elden ring is just dark souls 4 breath of the wild and watch the fromsoft fanboys come out of the woodwork, spazzing about how it's SO NEW and that you're just a hater who's bought cod for the umpteenth time.
i thought doneky was done making good videos.
The laziest reviewers to ever do it.
Love when dunkey doesn't even have to say anything lol
They all borrow from each other
does anyone know what the game is at 2:08?
Moral of the story- Every game is dark souls
i don't get it
Hmmmm...... Needs more Gex.
borrowing heavily from that one burrito map i keep hearing about
Definitely felt like a critical take on game journalism - amazing.
Actually the climb anything as long as you got the stamina is also in Conan Exiles
I love how this video pretty much dunks on game "journalism" more than game design
I felt my brain melting throughout this entire video.
A BoTW homeage, the Dark Souls of open worlds with a fun art style and interesting crafting/survival mechanics. Please tell me what game I'm describing.
Ari Notis from Techspot on Forza Horizon 5:   "The implicit promise of Forza Horizon is in the name. You see something on the horizon, you can drive to it. Skyrim with cars. Far Cry with more cars and no guns. Forza Horizon 5, the latest game in the venerable Xbox racing series, is no more and no less than that promise—just bigger, brighter, and so, so much more beautiful than its predecessors."  This video just makes so much more sense now. Jesus, Dunkey. Lmao
He made his point by pissing me off after the 2:00 mark LOL
It's like talking about a strain of weed
You know dunkey is kind of like the indi game darksouls
The developers took a page from the god of war franchise and introduced a health bar which lowers as you take damage.
The way the player can jump on platforms draws a lot of inspiration from Super Mario Odyssey.
jokes aside, I am legit looking for a BoTW clone on PC, anyone knows any good ones?
Dunkey has taken some clear inspiration  from Shrek 2 the video game
I get the criticism and that all the comparing that goes on can sometimes be a bit ridiculous, like when people feel the need to mention that something is a bit like Dark Souls just because it has difficult combat or some such contrived loose similarity. That being said, I often find comparison to be one of the most efficient ways to describe a game when used appropriately.  For example, "Dying Light is Dead Island meets Mirror's Edge". That's very accurate and succinct. That's not all it is, but it's a very good starting point for a longer explanation, or about as good as it gets for a quick answer said in passing you might give a friend who asks what Dying Light is like.
Drinking challenge. Take a shot whenever "dark souls" or "Legend of Zelda Botw" is mentioned.
I mean, you compare a new one to popular older games before it. Hopefully it is popular to become the new game everybody compares it too. You want people to get a feel for the game when you a writing your review. Still funny to see them clipped together like this
Hate to tell you this, but most music these days is just bass, drums, and guitar or piano.
these games sure makes you feel like spiderman.
GTA 3 WAS ORINGINAL
Frogger is just like real life
Bro, Half the video is dark souls.
tbh every game is going to be influenced by another game now. It's not the 90's anymore.
2:12 what is the game's title?
Twisted Metal
basically, every game is devil may cry
2:24 Sekiro literally came out in the same year you think they were trying to make a game like it That’s like if you said “Elden ring is very similar to recent souls-like games such as sand is the soul” Or “Metroid dread has been helped by various Metroidvanias such as Aeterna Noctis”
How funny when they say genshin is a botw ripoff but it is complete opposite actually
"never played anything like them" lists 30000 influences
This game really made me feel like a game journalist with a complete lack of imagination or vocabulary.
Basically why I don't follow game reviews. If a game looks cool, I'll consider buying and playing it, but I might not even then until I see some gameplay. Hasn't steered me wrong so far.
Candy crush was inspired from Tetris
Ah yes the true final boss, games journalists.
I like how every game copied from Zelda or Dark Souls series
Listen. I'm probably in the minority here, but I think it is a little difficult to invent something on par with the games that *invented* their own genre. That said, being lazy or purposefully repetitive because of that, isnt a valid excuse. Edit: Spelling
origin of all games , dark souls
I'm more worried about reviewers who've been conditioned to compare everything to Dark Souls.
“Every fast fps game will inevitably be labeled either a doom clone or titanfall inspired” -Funke 2021
What about all the metroidvania rogue-likes???
Who's here after all the Shin Megami Tensei V reviews?
Dunkey only needs to say one line in this video and gets 2.3 million views (rightfully so) what a powerhouse.
Video game reviewers all copy eachother or dunkey anyway.  Whats new?
"wait, it's all dark souls?"
Damn like stop with the "Dark souls" shit already when you are describing and critiquing games!. Like I understand you want the game to sell and have a somewhat positive experience for it's players. But the reason Dark souls sold so much is because they added their own twist with the somewhat invincibility roll and excessive but "understandable" stamina consumption and their bosses. The main reason why it sold is because it was fresh plus it was at the right time people needed more challenging games from their favorite franchises.
Just give me a carbon copy of KOTOR with Metal Gear Revengance gameplay.
ashen is a pure exploration game and your a soft little villager
I feel like its less of an originality issue and more of a reporting problem? Why do these reporters feel the need to scrape everything away from each of these titles and just compare the basic elements to other games? I haven't played all of these games, but surely each other them is unique in their own sense, not just a carbon copy of some other game that's been done before. Inspiration is totally valid, and that doesn't mean that the game is exactly the same.
Videogame reviews just get dumber every year.
2:13
Conclusion: Reviewers are the Dark Souls of basic bros.
Dark souls
Dark souls
Dark souls
I wonder if Dunkey likes Zelda? . . . Nah probably not.
whats the song at the end here
The pinnacle of dunkey video … he said so much without saying anything at all
You’re the only good person
So everything is Dark Souls? or Zelda huh
good… it s not just me then…
All I heard is half of the games  are referred to "Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild", and the other half "Dark Souls".
Blunky, I didn’t hear anyone mention SMB2, so why did you even show this??
Would’ve been hilarious if Dunkey threw in sound comparing 2 polar opposite games with the same IGN reviewer jargon-ese  “From the start, seasoned video game veterans can tell God of War’s new combat style is simultaneously a love letter tribute, yet shameless ripoff of the classic Gex and Knack style combat from years prior”
We need NEW reviewers
I made a game that is literally 2D boxes doing platforming and it got compared to Dark Souls
It's actually frustrating how often journalists compare everything to dark souls
Those are what the game developers like to play
Everything just like Dark Souls
Great video Dunkey. Just present the evidence and don't have to say much.
Spider-Man miles morales takes inspiration from a swagger black teen
Where are the strand type games?
Some are really similar, so they find a predecessor to compare
It's dark souls. It's zelda. It's cod. It's mario.
That’s why death stranding tried to be original and failed. Learn to recycle your games to get profit kids.
What is the game at 2:09
Jesus Christ dunk I love you
I mean in the end everything is based on sth. So I dont get it. Even dark souls is based of Diablo, castlevania and ocarina of Time. Just go back in time Further
In pong, you can lose. This is clearly inspired from dark souls.
Originality  ? what for ?
Like Skyrim with guns
It's like Dunkey was always just crowbcat
Biggest video game journalist company everybody.
I think Tales of Arise reminded me to you know, other Tales of games. Maybe it's just me.
“THERES NOTHING LIKE OUR NEW GAME” *proceeds to name 2-5 games it is similar to*
If hurts me that they don’t just say soulslike at this point
Escape from Tarkov takes inspiration from Darksouls.
This is genuinely depressing
this video was clearly inspired by dark souls
As you can see, Baba is You is clearly influenced by the early zelda games
I never understood why a lot of devs hate on media outlets title dropping when describing their games. But now I do.
We're at the point in the gaming industry where its impossible to create a new game without it being immediately compared to something else, because almost everything you can think of is going to be similar to another game. Its not really a bad thing, its not even a case of oversaturation, it was just inevitable we'd get to the point where so many things can be similar to one another.  The Music Industry is kind of like this too, in that in each Genre you will find songs similar to each other fairly often, though atleast in the case of Video Games its easier to distinguish yourself despite the similarities to other games.
i like souls games but i hate it when they made a new genre called "souls-like"
It's just good for reviewer's to compare them to existing games so you can have an idea about what your buying
Everything is or zelda or darksouls, but there's any good zeldasouls?
Everything in every creative field has been done at this point. The only thing left is combining different elements from prior creations.
Game review comparisons are the fuggin worst....
With the lack of commentary to accompany the clips, this video is clearly taken some inspiration from Crowbcat
Play Monster Hunter, Dunkey
this video gave me the sudden realization that breath of the wild was actually a fucking cube world knockoff no cap
Dark Souls
"ITS LIKE EVERY GAME COMBINED INTO ONE"
with its jumpy wumpy and its shooty tooty this game is like nothing i have ever seen 6/10
This is depressing af
I think its less about games not being original and more about journalists sucking ass at gaming and journalism.
Fr though there isn’t such a thing as originality…and that’s not a bad thing
Describing a game using another game. Game Journalists really have the easiest job in the world
God of War was pretty original. Never played a game like that
Demons souls really changed everything, it inspired the whole souls genre and never gets it credit for it
So basically, most games are inspired by Dark Souls apparently, then the rest are inspired by Botw... good to know...
I didn't see them mention what devil may cry was influenced by
The bots in Dunkey and Penguinz0 comments have been saying “normal” things lately. Like talking about Knack 1 and Knack 2. Are they getting smarter? 😱
The problem is they oversimplify mechanics in a video game to that game specifically. Got a grapple hook? It’s not a game with a grapple hook, it’s “reminiscent of the movement system in sekiro”
Gnarly!
And then came death stranding, a game so unique, no one likes it.
The more time goes on, the harder it is to have an original game.  They do appear time after time.
Overwatch is copying off of minecraft it had grass first trust me dooooooncc
Videogamedunkey is like no other youtube channel I've seen,
I need to know the ending song's name.
3rd person action game = dark souls these days. Hell, looking at the reviews in this video, Any kind of action game = dark souls
No you see running and jumping is a clear homage to super mario bros and don’t you forget dying in videogames
What is the name of the second game shown?
Dark Souls is like Demon's Souls
00:19 game pls 00:28 this one pls
we need something new, something out of this world, something that will pick us out of our seat and fondle our genitals, we need something...... should we just go outside now?
Also there is Originality in videos
it's not a lack of originality with games, it's a lack of originality with the brain cells of game reviewers.
Call of Duty is a fucking rippoff from pong for the atari
What are the credentials required to be a reviewer in those shitty game websites? They have mindless Homunculi working there
And very original press reviews
This is a disease spread by Nintendo fanbois and fromsoft franchises
You guys do realize every game in existence took inspiration from Gex
0:20 what's this game????
Well, that was just sad...
I hate how game reviewers sound like people that dont play video games
why is every game ever compared to zelda
This video is just like dark souls
If ur game is a side scroller or top down it is no longer like darksouls now i would agree that ghost of tsushima and fallen order might be related to sekiro but then everyone says sekiro is dark souls in japan for some reason
Genshin Impact was the prototype name for hit series Trailer Park Boys
1:40  Really thought he'd say Diablo but okay.
every game is Zelda
Skyrim with guns
Everybody knows that every video game is just Pac-Man. Full stop.
But Death Stranding is too bad to be good so it doesnt count.
Deathloop has this cool new kick-in-first-person style of gameplay that hasn’t been seen....since mirrors edge that youd rather not remember but is exactly the same
Everything is dark souls
Jesus christ this video made me sad in a way I cant quite describe
Dark Souls has taken some clear inspiration from the Legend of Zelda franchise.
ffffffFFFFFFUCKING GAMEJOURNOS
Dark Souls 3 borrows heavily form other titles such as Dark Souls, Dark Souls and Dark Souls
Well, when they make a death Stranding, you fuckers hate it
This is just like minecraft
so there are only 5 actual games, and all other are just simple remakes of them all: Dark Souls, Devil May Cry,  Legend of Zelda, Sekiro and Knack 2
"Alright let's get this out of the way Genshin Impact's degenerate community clearly draws inspiration from League Of Legends"
Then there is Knack. Nobody can't truly copy the masterpiece, only fake copies are there
From what i gathered , Devil May Cry was revolutionary.
Clearly souls like is the way to go 🤷🏻‍♀️
Journalism, proving that you can make a career out of even the most useless and talent-less things possible.
pain
While you mock the reviewers for comparing games to other games so much, you forget the fact that most people really like for games to be compared to other games they enjoy - because, we, as humans, really like being able to relate things to other things - it makes intuitive sense, and we are much more able to understand the deviations and novelties when we have set a base.   If I tell you "hollow knight is a mix of dark souls and metroidvania", you instantly get a clear picture of what the basics of the game are. At this point, it is much easier to understand new things added on top of it, like, "there is a bigger focus on boss fights, with tight, precise movements, while having an extremely well crafted environment and level design that allows players to quickly understand any new ability they find, while never locking them away/making them feel lost, leading to hollow knight being amongst the best of both genre on these points alone"  Without the comparison, you'd have to explain a lot more, delve a lot deeper without much value added to the discussion. This is why we label things into genres, be it for movies, music, ect.  Originality itself, isn't purely 100% out of nowhere. every "new" thing is a derivative of an older thing, that expanded upon a basis in ways unforeseen. You can compare mario to early arcade platformers, you can compare video games to choose your own adventure books/toys (which nintendo did a lot with the nes), you can compare the invention of fire with lightning strikes leading to forest fires, but on a much more focused and smaller scale.  Criticizing reviewers over making basic comparisons between video games before delving into the differences and how the developers innovate is just, in my opinion, stupid  On the other hand, critics who make comparisons and *only* comparisons without never actually explaining the differences or how they even apply ie "this really is the dark souls of puzzle games", these are perfectly valid. But the examples you gave seem more than genuine, hence why I kind of dislike how you presented it.
Crowbcat
Dark Souls is a third-person action-adventure game drawing heavy inspiration from the Zelda Franchise and Dark Souls.
Listening to this annoys me.
This video causes me pain,    Just like Dark Souls.
dunkey is literally stinky
This video clearly takes inspiration from Crowbcat.
Why bother using adjectives and fancy words when I can just say its like that one game. Y'know, with a little bit of that other game mixed in. Man, I should be getting paid for this.
Oh my god. Play another game, you master journalist.
0:20 what game is this?????
Every game is like RAYMAN!!!!!!
"Darksiders 3 has clearly taken inspiration from dark souls" *shows footage of a character rolling*
Nothing is original nowadays. It's like how people are like "am I the only one who does this?" 🤦 there's over 6billion people on earth, no you're not the only one to think that
about 2 minutes in I realised this wasn't an intro it was the whole video
Gee, all of these are so original! Kudos to the devs! Also what’s a Zelda?
I dont get the point dunkey, you can still be original while taking inspiration from other games. Am I missing somethn
The first time I climbed with stamina depletion was in Daggerfall.  Clearly just a knockoff Pokemon game.
This is truly the Dark Souls of donkli videos
Hopefully we get a Kill Butt Collection Remastered from Paul Beenis Games soon.
All of these people have annoying voices
This tells me that game journalists are inept at their job more than that there is a lack of originality in games
I can't believe that bayonetta, devil may cry, dark souls and legend of zelda are the only original games that exist
He is Dark Souls, he is Dark Souls, you are Dark Souls, I'M DARK SOULS!  Are there any other Dark Souls I should know about?!
On another note, this is how sales works in all creative industries. In fact I wouldnt be surprised if reviewers and vloggers were required by supervisors to compare the game to other games. The reason “elevator pitches” tend to reference already established products is because marketing begins at the very beginning of the creative process. The way the game will be marketed to audiences that like similar games actually affects the way the game is developed. Producers and executives want a new product to feel familiar but have a slight edge over another one. It’s the same problem in the movie industry and the music industry as well, and the reason why changes to what is mainstream happen so slowly.   On the other hand when a product/game/artist breaks a convention successfully, The rest of the industry will Quickly copy and paste the innovation, even if it feels forced. Ie the breath of the wild stamina bar.
Wow no dunkey til 3:20. Really interesting how Dunkey is letting the game culture clown itself
This man is committed to making the most slightest similarity, a red flag for originality 😭🤣😭🤣😭🤣
This is like a Crowbcat video
How about a new video Originality in Game Reviews. Oh wait...
can anyone tell me the name of the game at 2:09 ?
Let it die has more of a different feel than dark souls tbh, it's in its own genre personally. Unless you are only basing the fact you can roll
My life is like "dark souls" ....
Everything is the dark souls of something else
Longest 3 minutes of my lif
This video was heavily inspired by danksouls
Mario party clearly takes inspiration from God of war, Dark Souls and Fifa 2016.
0:21 what is this?
Guys there's this awesome game with crazy ass.mechanics it's almost like smash bros melee!
Anyone know what game is shown at 2:10?
Journos deserve every bit of ridicule they get.
Games have been crap now
With Its jumping mechanic and various ways to kill enemies, Dark Souls is clearly a big homage to Super Mario Bros
The funniest part is that the “journalists” don’t even have an ounce of self awareness
This video is my entire opinion on current videogame culture. I honestly don't care if a game is an exact clone of another, if it's made well; it's its own thing. The second a new game trailer gets posted everyone is almost frothing at the bits to compare it to a million other things and completely destroy it's originality. I can never take people who do this seriously.
So Devil May Cry is the Dark souls of Hack and slash inspirations
Wow, this video has clear inspiration taken from JonTron and Dark Souls
These are games
“This is like playing Dark Souls at Miyazaki’s House.” - Gex
I just want to dislike the adds again..........
It's not a bad way to convey how a game plays, but man does everyone do this exact thing.
I knew someone hated this as much as me
It has a little something for everyone, filling you with a sense where of pride and accomplishment and too much water.
What is the outro music from? *I am desperate.*  Banger video as always Dunkey o7
has anyone else seen this game; solitaire?
not a single one of those voices had an ounce of testosterone in their veins
Every game is either like Zelda or Dark Souls. Got it.
Science says new ideas dont exist. New ideas are just mashed up old ideas.
With a depressing montage of the state of modern videogames, this Dunkey video draws clear inspiration from Crowbcat.
If your examples of "epic JRPGs" are Persona 5 and Tales of Arise...please stop reviewing games. Forever.
Game has a puzzle somewhere in the game: Zelda Game has Enemies: Dark souls game has Shooting: Counter strike
Bleach in eyes is my stance on this issue jus. God hate gaming writers who sniff colorful farts and call it some Dali Esque magical day dream on par with David lynch ._.   Think _Cool idea_  With   _Semi Cooler idea_
2:30 "do a dark souls, but make it anime". Have you ever PLAYED dark souls?
A lot of these come from marketing. Influences are prevalent in every medium, but its the publication that notes these similarities most of the time not the developers.
All these references to Souls games is a testament to trauma's ability to influence people
Putting aside the sorry state of game journalism in general today, some of the titles compared to Dark Souls really are Soulslike games, though. Some of the comparisons were really reaching and made zero sense, but at least half felt spot on.  "Nihil novum sub sole", as the saying goes.  We create new and great things by borrowing inspiration from the great things that came before and improving on the formula if we can.
"... I'm getting some real Hello Kitty Island Adventure Vibes from this game." - IGN review of Agony
I'm really left wondering what Dunkey was even trying to point out in this video. I can see how games are a very iterative medium, I'm not blind, and there are some very overt examples out there of games copying each other – but to me, the problem being showcased here seems to be the featured writers' inability to describe a game on its own terms, relying solely on comparisons... Some of those comparisons also being incredibly inaccurate because of this. So... the title is really throwing me.
Only strand type games are original
True originality is rare, but simply because a game shares the same ingredients doesn't make it the same dish. I get it, lots of devs just jump on new genre trends and bandwagons, and journalists need to be better with words and stop using other games to describe newer ones , but these games can be fun regardless.   Also, what is truly original? If you could break down all games into simple terms and math, they'd be pretty similar. Ask most experienced game designers.  You know what dark souls is? It's a 3D metroidvania action game. It is very easy to break down something seemingly complicated and original into something that isn't.
Moral of the story: Every single game is a hybrid between Zelda and Dark Souls
why is every game inspired by dark souls now
I once had a buddy who, no matter what NEW game someone said they had just picked up, would reply with "Oh yeah I have that game, well I have GTA - WHATEVER NEWEST GTA WAS. Its the same thing." I had to laugh everytime to because while obviously not the SAME, GTA has so many different gametypes/modes/mods/missions and the like that you really could get similar experiences to so many games of the time. Great vid DUNKleR
No mention of Jak & Daxter or Shadow of the Colossus?
Dark Souls is just a clone of Ocarina of Time anyway.
Taking heavy inspiration from Table Tennis and Kojima's revolutionary "Pixel on a screen that you goes in the direction you tap," Pong is a familiar experience for experienced PC gamers. However, it may rival competitors for our coveted Game of the Year award 1972.
this is like watching masterchef and they start describing the dishes
0:32 He meant Outer Wilds, right? Like he didn't mean Outer Worlds, a space action RPG, but Outer Wilds, a space exploration game with almost zero action?
Lazy reviews more like it.
“Oh you are in the same genre? Obviously you’re just copying them”
Now explain it to me as if I never played vidya
This video is like the Dark Souls of meta videogame commentary
breath of the wild clearly takes inspiration from shadow of the colossus, with its stamina mechanics and divine beasts
There are three videogames: Breath of the Wild, Dark Souls, and Devil May Cry
Am I the only one who doesn't see anything wrong with comparing a game with other games in order to help people making a purchase? Games will also obviously take from each other, the gaming world isn't as new before where everything is damn near brand new.  It's not like original games don't exist.
gonna be the unpopular guy and say it's pretty normal to compare things to other things, especially if it's your job to inform people if they'd like the thing if they liked the other thing
Take a shot everytime someone says Dark Souls or Zelda
I'm certainly guilty of this but I just heaved a chuckle seeing the DMC + bayonetta comparison to tales of arise while being a casual tales fan
And I am here wondering why the hell do some people still bandwagon themselves to what they are saying.
Video games are an iterative medium but something about those quotes are ridiculous.
I think this video took a lot from what the industry has learned about dark souls, but applied them in a Zelda fashion
If it’s a video game then it’s a Zelda parody
It's like Skyrim with guns
I remember when the reviewers praise far cry as skyrim with guns.  Because being compared to another game is the only way to convey what a game is.
*shows* *fps* Game is clearly a knockoff of: *lists* *every* *fps* *game* *ever* *made*
So what your telling me is that me owning Dark Souls, DmC and BoTW means I own every game, and every game coming out too?
Don't forget the indie games that "take heavy inspiration" from Earthbound, Hotline Miami, or Undertale
Ugh this is why I like reviews from dunkey and such cuz they talk about the merit to a game not how much game is like other game
Everything is Dark Souls
Every game is just dark souls
I don't think the games are unoriginal, just the people reviewing them.
“No ideas original, there’s nothing new under the sun. It’s not what you do it’s how it’s done.” - The Notorious D.U.N.K
Super smash bros ultimate is the dark souls of pedophilia
I love when Dunkey lets footage do the narrative for the video, like the Maneater video... preach master
every game ever made is just dark souls
this game is like playing dark souls at Mel Gibson’s house
After i watched this vid i hate reviews now And f&&ck ign dude stop comparing games like that
Comparing a game to another to give a simple idea is a thing And comparing every element of a game to another game is nonsence
All the guy has to do to send a message is play some game reviews.
call of duty? more like doom clone amarite
This is a breath of the wild strand type, and it really feels like a love letter the cod franchise, with elements similar to that of Genshin impact, clearly drawing inspiration from bookworm adventures.   10/10, had a little something for everyone
We have come full circle. Everything is still dark souls.
All this did for me was remind me of how much I hate game journalists
Dark Souls is just like Dark Souls, and takes many mechanics from games like Dark Souls, Dark Souls, and Darksouls. It's currently on Dark Souls, and available for the low price of Dark Souls.
Everyone compares everything, to everything else now a days.
"There's nothing like _________" *Proceeds to give examples of many games just like **__________*
It really makes you FEEL like an inspiration to dark souls
T H A N K . Y O U . D A R K . S O U L S
Wtf is happening
To create true originality in gameplay, you basically have to create a whole new genre. Every game can't be its own genre.
There’s a little something of everything
It’s like Skyrim with guns.
Could you make a top 100 games again soon?
Without explicitly saying anything, this video is the biggest shot across the bow at game reviewers who can't learn to describe things without name-dropping something more widely understood, not because they can't, but because it's easier.
Its just like dark souls.
Everything is Devil May Cry or Dark Souls
I mean  since there is already so many video games on every single video game genre out there it is very hard for developer to create games without element that has already appeared from previous games. Mostly good games or one that is innovative is a game that took elements from previous games but present it with a certain twist.
What game is this 2:10
People want an optimal hack and slash with a good story, or a top-down "old school" style RPG is what it seems to be rounding up to.
This is why 3D worms ultimate mayhem is the best game of all time
Dark Souls : 3rd person action rpg, Difficult  Dead Cells : Side Scrolling Rouge-Like, Difficult   OMG ITZ JUST LEIK DARK SOULS!  😑
Fuck all. Super Mario Bros 2 is the dark souls of Super Mario saga
What game is shown at 0:28 to 0:30?
Game has sword combat in it = inspired by dark souls
Dark souls everywhere
Hearing "The Outer Wilds" in the same sentence as "Dark Souls" confused me. (the journalist probably got "Outer Wilds" and "The Outer Worlds" mixed up)
Fellas, Dark Souls didn't invent roll dodging.
Point?
Many of the games which seemed make homage / inspired by / reference DMC,, has no DNA of DMC in it. For example,, the original GoW,, seriously?
Why can't games be original anymore like the first strand type game
what's the game at 2:10? looks pretty
*"You can copy all you want, you will always be one step ahead"*   - Sun Tzu, Art of war, page 9
I—…is every game Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls?
I love how reviews nowadays are just so saturated with all this incredibly lazy journalism. Comparing a game to a game that inspired it is not a review, it’s just stating the obvious. Clearly reviews are going to include comparisons to help describe the game, and on its own that’s fine, but if it’s just comparing mechanics to existing mechanics without any critique, then there’s nothing of substance there
Bro this video game is just like that other video game everyone knows, but also it's totally unique I promise.
Name of 1st game and 2:10 pls??
Game has stamina. It's used for climbing -> it's BotW. It's used for combat -> it's Dark Souls.
This video is literally like 30 years too late lol. It's also not even done very well as in a review for almost anything, journalists are going to use references. Action movies are going to be compared to other action movies by name, books about war are going to be compared to other books about war by name. While I agree with the sentiment that originality is beyond dead especially in video games, you could have done a way funnier version of this video. And to be real, originality wasn't ever that big of a deal of video games. Look at Mario. The amount of 2D platformer copycats that flooded the market after Mario came out set a precedent that has never been exceeded. And that was back with video games were still on their infancy. I really don't believe thought there was a time in video game history that was wholly original. It all goes back to something. You could argue that the 1st first person shooter game is being copied by Battlefield 2042.
Don't mention any game with climbing gimmick as Breath of the Wild inspiration challenge
This video hurts
I've never seen so many strands knack souls like experiences
Every game designer has to take inspiration from somewhere
This is sad to watch. It feels like we've run out of original ideas for video games and nothing could be topped any more.
This is the YouTube equivalent of Slam Poetry.
This game is heavily like grown home and The speed of sonic the hedgehog.
Can someone make it illegal to compare any game to Dark Souls? I swear, every game 'critic' comments how X is the Dark Souls to Y, or even straight up comparing the two games.
Wow
DID I MENTION THIS GAME IS LIKE DARK SOULS
Challenge: review a game without mentioning another game.
Where the fuck chicory looks like zelda
I like how as the video goes on, it goes more and more absurd
I started watching your videos again man, quality really shows the work you put in, cheers man!
Super Mario Odyssey was clearly inspired from this very familiar looking game involving a similar looking character on the Nintendo 64 called Sonic Adventure 2
Should've just uploaded a new Tetris video
video games aint art
Every game is a just the same game with a different story - Me
Game Journalists playing any game: "Im picking up some dark souls vibes from this"
Primary language hard
What's the game at 2:09?
This is all very tiring
Thats why i like Black Desert and Doom Eternal.
Alternative title: "Originality in Video Game Journalism"
To be fair, the Dark Souls as a game at its release was heavily criticized by the PC community, especially in the cRPG scene. To use a Gamepay instead of a Mouse & Keyboard was frowned upon (and still might be in some circles). There was a present stigma against it because it didn't really follow the cRPG dogmatic, but in its purest form the Dark Souls was a modern game with a spin on the concept that exists solely on the older classic game mechanics and severe punishments. To the typical modern casual gamer that lives off Shenmue's QTA barrage in "games" like Assassin's Creed, Dark Souls indeed was a hard pill to swallow. Some newer generations had a chance to experience a fraction of the punishing aspects of the older NES/SNES/GENS golden era without actually playing them. In reality, the popularity of Dark Souls is well deserved because it paved the road towards what games should/can be about, rather than lootbox simulators that delve on the concept of gambling. In time, the gaming community recognized these attributes which led towards Dark Souls' massive recognition to the point of having a somewhat "mini" genre of "Souls-like" games, akin to "Diablo clones".  Dark Souls felt like a game from the era of 1999. and for what it's worth it is amazing to see that even a highly stigmatized game from Japan can redefine and show what the gaming community wants. Unfortunately, various indie and other types of developers believe that the game should be a copy/paste in terms of the mechanics and/or difficulty, in some cases even increasing it. But without really delivering a believable and well made story, atmosphere, setting and so forth. This in turn creates a negative effect because the scene gets oversaturated, so you end up disliking the "Souls-like" games because they're not really Dark Souls. You get bored of the concept, which is only natural.  Dark Souls was a tiny bit of innovative force in an already oversaturated market a decade ago. It gave a much needed foundation to build upon, and I'd say that gaming did change somewhat for the better ever since. Especially in the Indie scene.
gettem dunkey
Gaming journalism
This zelda like game obviously draws inspiration from zelda, it has a hint of zelda with a mix of the gameplay from zelda. The world is similar to zelda's and the jumping feels like a knock off of zelda.
youtubers are the worst game critics lol
Gaming journalists trying to establish a frame of reference so that their viewers/readers can understand them.  Games being influenced and indirectly refined by things that have worked in other games.  Games being blatantly unoriginal.  This clip seems to conflate all three in an incoherent and disingenuous mess. Speaking as a dunkey/leah fan who has been a subscriber for many years, this is trash-tier content. Most of the likes come from subscribers who like everything by dunkey, I imagine. Come on Jason, you can do better. I know you can, because I've seen other clips by you that are brilliant.
It's unique. It's a combination of x, y & z.
Getting alot of 'Boss Baby' vibes from this...
2:14 ah yes because Nintendo clearly made these decisions for them
They dun changed the game!
darksouls? Na, I think you mean dunk-souls
Sitting here waiting for Dunkey's commentary, and then the video ends
OMFG!! In this game you fight bosses " just like in Dark Souls. "
i swear they never actually played dark souls
toda caralha de jogo tem ser souls agora
Game reviewers use comparison as a crutch, and while it is a bit lazy, the real question is: is it informative?
Videogame. It's got a little something for everybody.
Like Skyrim but with guns -Dude who doesn't know how to describe Far Cry
a lot of it is just bad game's journalism
"it kinda like in Castlevania"-AVGN
Donda is a great album, the latest by Kanye West, and draws heavy inspiration from video game youtuber Dunkey. The album sounds a lot like if you were to blend the audio from every dunkey video ever made, pitch it down, and add a lot of reverb.
Videogames were the first strand-type.
My neighbors bought their kid a toy that makes noise and now I want to die
Them: I've never seen this before! Also them: Let me compare this game with 50 other games
The back-and-forth hit exchange from Pong was clearly inspired by the invasion PVP mechanic in Dark Souls
What's the outro song is?
Dark Souls: *exists* Every other game: is that my new game formula???
Every game is dark souls now
2030: Every game is actually dark souls
“There is nothing like this game. It takes inspiration from Blank and Blank.”
Me when *moves character* "Clearly it's an inspiration from Pong, Galaga, Dig Dug, Frogger, Tetris, Geomerty Dash, Osu, Dark Souls, Bayonetta, Minecraft, and even a tiny bit of Sonic!!!"
The English dictionary has clearly taken inspiration from Dark Souls. Don’t believe me? The words “This book is inspired by Dark Souls” could be found in the book. Not in that specific order, but it’s definitely there.
Death Stranding is the only truly original game, it's the first stranding type game after all.
The "CIA award for excellence in journalism" is actually deserved when they're video game journalists
The first Darksiders was released in 2010 and Dark souls in 2011.  By the way, Darksiders 3 has a very good move set and game mechanics. It's closer to Prince of Persia warrior within than anything else.
"CLEARLY draw inspiration"
Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild AND Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Every game is Zelda or dark souls
And here I am logging 10k hours into a rougelike known as Cataclysm DDA
It makes you feel like a dark soul
When Devil May Cry is apparently the only true original game ever made
Cant believe fortnite made ww2 air planes
Friendly reminder that all this hacks get paid to say this and many of not most of em have script writers and entire staff devoted to this garbage.
Dunkey’s videos has changed me as a person. I remember being super offended for some stupid ass reason when I watched your video for the first time, but I can no longer recall why. Nowadays I really resonates with most of the things you say, and I especially appreciate how you keep things light, simple, straight forward, fun but meaningful. For a man with such fresh ideas and unique content, your popularity is unprecedented.
every game I've ever wasted money on just felt like an expensive knock off of skyrim.
But does it make you feel like you're Batman?
This is my favorite kind of Dunkey
With the game being even a little bit difficult its easy to see the inspirations from Dark Souls.  With doors that require keys, these puzzles remind this reviewer of a Zelda game.  With the primary weapon being a gun equivalent, 1986's Mega Man was clearly inspired by 2020's Call of Duty Black Ops.  While one could say this game looked closely towards Gex, Knack was clearly inspired by Dark Souls' ability to move your character.  But this reviewer can see that these comments were inspired by a Dunkey video.  With its lush usage of grass and sky, clearly Kirby and the Forgotten Lands has more in common with Chrono Trigger, than with Killzone.  ...and heavily borrows from Dark Souls' disc read error screen.
what's the game at 2:07 ?
We have wayyyy too many video game reviewers, we only need 1 and that's Dunkey
when it's an intentional "souls-like," the comparison is fine. Like you didn't include every Metroidvania in this video.
Wait, it's all Zelda/Dark Souls?  Always has been, always has been...
Original does not exist, it's just how you combine things that work.
NSMB DS Credits theme? My man
Games didn't exist before Dark Souls. Didn't you know that?
Originality ? What for !
I thought the compilation part was the beginning of the video like it is usually then it ended
Never played dark souls but souls inspired 👀👀👀
Journalists are still worthless whats new
Peeps, you should watch yungmaestro's video "Just Like Dark Souls" that shit still holds up today.
Is it even possible to make an “original” game nowadays?
Title should have been: "Games journalism sucks ass these days."
So what you're say is, it's got a little something for everyone?
“You know the Elevator pitch, do the dark souls, then add some random shit”  Would’ve been more accurate
"Even hypocrisy has a limit but these game critics are out of bounds."   *Sun Tzu - Art of criticism*
Interesting...
There will always be companies getting influenced by others and if not stealing from others there's countless Mario knock offs on older consoles and even pacman knock offs the generation changed but the format remains the same
ToeJam and Earl is owned by the creator so the creator can make new games if he so chooses.  Sega meanwhile is so stingy with their IPs that it's a big event whenever they decide to pass an IP over to another studio to make for them.  You know how Sonic fans keep asking for Sega to just hire the fans?  It's because Sega is screwing up Sonic and the fans are actually doing a better job with it.
Well when big companies refuse to make games you want, indies do it instead.  They get away with copying them because these games shut up the fans whenever they ask the bigger companies to make them.  Big companies will bank on nostalgia but will never give you what you truly want.  Ironically the indie knock offs are still missing the identity of the original games.
Eldest souls: y’all doing too much
More like Originality in Game Reviews.
The lazy video game journalist finds a way to make their job easier by just comparing it to another game for a big chunk of their game description. What if the consumer hasn't played the games its comparing it too? well apparently it doesn't matter as long as they fulfill their quota and get a review out there before the competition. That's what i got from this.
Did he just describe that rogue like as isometric action rpg with swords, bows, and traps and random rewards as a hades ripoff like those aren’t stupid common tropes in roguelikes
You know what game is really original? PONG.  It borrows heavily from its real-world counterpart, The Legend of Zelda: Breathe of the Wild, with some elements picked from Tyco RC: Assault with a Battery, with some of the platforming of the game, Reel Fishing, for Sega Dreamcast.
Lol every game is like dark souls. Fortnite is kinda like dark souls
Okay but when are we gonna get more strand type games
With open-world exploration and strategic gameplay, you'll see some inspiration from the game Chess.
Everything is Dark Souls - ign
This is called "the elevator pitch". It is said in the video Dunkey has made here. What does he not understand about this?
Dark souls and hard melee combat have become synonymous,
Zelda is the Dark Souls of open-world games
wow, I'm actually tired of hearing 'draws gameplay elements' and 'dark souls'    Dark souls.                                                                                     Darrrrrkkk Soulllllllllss?      Yea they said Dark souls...
Unlike strand type games
Sprinting: clearly inspired by call of duty
Tales of series combat has been around a lot longer than those other games and has been progressing to what it is today
"Comparisons kills joy" - Random quote lol  Like seriously, just listening to these "critics" gave me less joy. Rather have AVGN reviews bad retro games.
Shoot, never knew Driver ripped off GTA series
It's the lack of originality of review writing, not the games
dark soul dark soul dark soul , it making me hate this game already
Where the hell was Dunkeys beautiful voice? This is an outrage and I demand reparations.
I knew IGN would compare Persona 5 Strikers to Kingdom Hearts. They're not wrong, but it's so obvious.
climbing = zelda dodging = dark souls  ok
If we have the buying power, how do we let these rip offs get away with making money? Are gamers really that dumb? Am i really that dumb? Is knack actually not a good game?
Every game is just dark souls and Zelda Breath of the wild
Almost like it's an aging medium or something, who'd've thought.
Game journo try not to compare game to Zelda challenge  (IMPOSSIBLE)
Video game reviews really kicked off in 1740 when John YouTube sat there and wouldn't shut the fuck up about how every game he played was like Dark Souls.
Guys holy shit what is the game at 2:08 I NEEEEED IT
Watches dunk to Hear dunk gets 5 min of feels like dark souls
Nice one voice line you fucking bum
And these people get paid to do this shit
The way story telling is done in Matrix Path of Neo is great but they clearly were inspired by 007 Goldeneye cause of guns
if I were a zelda, I'd sue like my life depended on it.
Imagine if we talked like this about movies.  “Moviers are raving about this new Lebowski-like with elements from Inception. The 4:3 ratio clearly a homage to Zack Snyder, and it even stars Laurence Fishburne, so fans of Pulp Fiction, you may rejoice.”
I had no idea breath of the wild was such an inspiring game
Hurry up and do Psychonauts 2 video, you phony.
dunkey is the Dark Souls of video game memelords.
Is this a commentary on shit journalism in the gaming industry or a comment on inspiration? Shit video
The characters jump? Clearly the game took inspiration from Jumpman
I wanna see where DMC takes inspiration from. Reporters  will be dumbfounded
Game journalism has always been a joke and always will be
You can move, take damage, and attack in this game that’s literally dark souls
Notice how you didn't hear the completely original title Knack mentioned once
Dunk gets it
I played psychonauts 1 for the first time a month before 2 dropped and I genuinely couldnt put it down because they're both like nothing I've ever played before and I forgot how much I missed that era of gaming when everything was quirky and not afraid to take risks to make something genuinely artful and interesting
I  feel people who always compare games to dark souls either 1. Don’t pay attention to actual game design. 2. Have not played many games in the first place to compare.  Because what…if the pace of the game is fairly slow, and it’s “difficult”. It’s labeled as a dark souls game…lol…
This video was a trigger all the way through. My biggest gripe in game reviews is when they compare the game to another widely popular game... it's okay to do it sometimes, but every. Single. Game. Reviewer. Does this now
what is the point of this video
Alternative title "Originality in Game Reviews"
Borrowing a lot from dark souls super mario bros is sure to be a hit when it comes ouy
These games make you feel like you're playing dark souls
same junk every time
Game Journalist: Dark Souls = each and every fighting game ever made.
"There's nothing like Scarlet Nexus, except these games that are like Scarlet Nexus."
fucking mind blowing that genshin still exists as pedozelda.
Yea but have you ever played flappy bird
i hate games journalists
that hades comparison was very fair tbh
But does it make you feel like knack 2 baby
Best video on the channel
iTs LikE DaRk SoULs!!!
Congrats on discovering the age-old practice of saying "If you liked X you'll probably like Y" to determine your interest in a new product
Game journalists must feel like a complete waste of space, when they could easily be replaced by a third grader and a compare and contrast writing prompt.
now all we need is the zelda+dark souls game
it's like Mafia but with little space guys
Originality in game journalists*
journalism is about listing obvious correlations or making them up on the spot
Originality has never been our specialty as humans. Even if something is totally original we try to make connections to what we are familiar with. A lot of psychology professors will tell you originality doesn't exist. Just slight variations of the familiar. Seriously test it yourself. Come up with a game idea or mechanics without any inspiration from another game. You'll just end up with a combination of things from games you love.
games journalism is a lie. its just ads
Minecraft have a good creative like gameplay just like Roblox
It's really not about originality, its about what people enjoy playing and youtubers comparing new games to old games..
Dunkey, what was the most recent original game concept you played?
Originality is like the Dark Souls of concepts
When they did a review to Dark Souls, what do they say the game take inspirations off?
Can anyone suggest a game that combines the story and characters of Knack with the free roaming and decision making elements of postal 2?
So every game is Zelda?
Dark Souls can be described as a game, that borrows its elements from a Dark Souls series.
originality in video games = dead  ..for anyone who didn't get the point
Imagine the gaming world if dark souls and devil may cry never existed 🤔.   Imagine gaming....without japan.
I know exactly what I like now so its really helpful when a review compares things like this
I am so glad I don't watch any video game youtubers and just play the damn games, because that all sounds awful.
is the game action based? *Then its just Dark Souls* is the game adventure based? *Then its just Zelda*
People seem to fail to notice, that they always just use examples from most recent memory for their comparisons! There have been games where you run around and climb on walls before BotW, guys!!....
I'm trying to recall a roll-rodge based game that predates Monster Hunter 1
it’s impossible to escape this way of speaking in music as well “oh it sounds like tame impala” “kind of a future type beat”
I dig the sentiment here but it's kinda always been that way, even back in the day. A game or movie does really well and next thing you know everything is trying to get that same magic and success for their product. It even happens in music. I don't think it's inherently cynical either, I mean that's how we get innovations, someone has to be inspired by something and say "I think I could do that but better". Best case scenario we get innovators, worst case scenario we get cheap knock offs but the latter is usually detected in society and that tends to take care of itself. I mean nothing is black and white but that's my general perception of the situation. Games are getting stale though, I've been saying that for years. It feels like the golden age is over so to speak. For now.
Character: Can jump *"This game clearly draws heavy inspiration from the jump man himself, Mario"*
Any game that's "hard" clearly a souls rip off
based
play corrypt if you want something different
Best argument to play Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild
These games makes u feel like spiderman
Dunky never misses
"Games are derivative of other games" Upvotes to the left
i liked the part when they said Zelda and Dark Souls
saying dark souls = journalism
And this is why the term "Metroid-Vania" will ALWAYS be lame. I'm glad people are phasing it out.
Wow, reviewers comparing games to other games, how terrible!
More than anything this just shows review editors aren’t that good at their job...
The journalists:- Game is like dark souls Game:- *is nothing like dark souls*
Hades < Curse of the Dead Gods
This video is kinda like gangnam style
Dunkey play bio mutant
I mean if your point is to criticize IGN's reduction of video games to the things that inspired/influenced them then I totally agree. If you mean to say that games are unoriginal then I must disagree. Of course, in recent years a lot of franchises played it safe, but as with movies, inspiration and influence is unavoidable and still leads to really cool and fresh stuff (like star wars when the first one came out). We have been recycling stories and tropes since the ancient greek era.
Nintendo released Breath of the Wild and every studio making an open world game was like "I want that"
I honestly feel like it's video game review channels and journalists that need to have some reporting too. Just because you see the same mechanic of one game inside another, doesn't automatically make it like that game. Say I make a cowboy-esque game set in the future that features a slow time feature while in combat. You may say that's a rdr copy in a huge way. But you fail to recognize that being able to shoot faster than a bullet or faster than the other guy has been a heavy trope of the wild-west media genre. And that cowboys and outlaws and almost movie-like shootouts are cool as hell and not just a copy of rdr. Say the lassos in this game like electricity ropes cause you need to be able to stun a robot who otherwise will have the strength to break free of a typical lasso. Or now you can use your horse for cover while riding by hanging on to the side of its body cause it's not even real, it's a robot one. But you can use a real horse because it doesn't have a chance of "malfunctioning" when an EMP grenade is used, the food and care required for isn't as expensive as constantly repairing and fueling a robot one. And you have to think about the gear/horse you take with you to certain areas/targets because robots and humans offer different challenges. Not to question your own character. If you're a robot, you can have parts built into you but it might irritate/overwork your robot body depending on if you use too many at once, use a weapon that requires cool downs, etc. . However if you're a human, you can throw as many utilities and weapons as your two arms allow you without becoming over fatigued, you just can't pull them out as fast maybe or you can't store as many weapons on your person. That's ANOTHER THING, the whole getting weapons and equipment from your horse. That may be seen as another attempt at copying Red Dead but where the hell else will you keep your weapons? In your ass like most other rockstar games?   What I'm getting at here is that just because a few elements are drawn form one game to another, that doesn't make the second game a copy or something that heavily draws from the first game. They're just elements that make sense to put into a game, like a stamina bar for climbing and sprinting. Or rolling to get away from an enemy that requires great skill and persistence to beat.  Not saying that blatant copying doesn't happen, cause it definitely does, just not on the scale that many believe IMO
I dont see any problems with these reviews personally...if a game is similar/takes clear inspirations from another game, its the  reviewers duty to  report on it. When a music journalist is reviewing a music piece they always lay out the similarities or inspirations that they took from another artist. I dont see this as lazy writing really. What the hell do you people wanna hear?
ya it is a bit sadning that it's so hard to create new
I feel like theres a small variance with just the game reviews, like the occasional title seems original but then whenever an IGN guy reviews the game he just dubs it a mash up of pokemon and mario cart
I lose a month of my life every time I hear someone describe a piece of media with the phrase, "Imagine you put X and Y in a blender, that's basically Z." By my calculations I have 1 month left to live.
Seems as much about originality in video game journalism as video games themselves.
"there isn't anything quite like scarlet nexus" *lists off 50 games similar to scarlet nexus*
Great video.
mmmm... dark souls
not sure if this is a statement on video games or on video game reviewers
Probably what got most people sold on yooka laylee, and so many others
So basically, having all the devil may cry games and dark souls means I’m all set. All I would need is BotW and I’ll have them. I’ll have all the games.
Ign being Ign, what else did you expect? XDDDDD
Mario cart clearly inspired by Dark Souls imo -_-
I do not understand this video. Of course games are similar to one another, just like everything in every category. If I wanted to describe Daft Punk, I could explicitly describe all of their technology and techniques, or I could say that it’s a 2000s techno band that has its roots in stuff like Kraftwerk. Does that make it derivative? No, of course not. Are there a lot of other bands that are based on Kraftwerk? Absolutely. Does that make Daft Punk similar to DEVO, another band that’s similar to Kraftwerk? Of course not - they sound completely different. I am surprised to see a talented reviewer such as Dunkey misunderstand this.
when will we gamers realize that EVERY GAME IS LIKE DARK SOULS
I wonder what dark souls, zelda and dmc take inspiration from ?
Alternative Title : "Originality in The Writing of Game Review"
I really thought I was gonna have some kind of attack watching this
Genius😆
When developers will try making completely original games with no inspiration from previous ones, that's where the "modern art" of videogames will start. It'll be like a modern day Pollock
To make this video, dunkey has to watch them first. Brutal.
pro evolution soccer has clearly taken inspiration from fifa which took inspiration from football........
Honestly I'm just happy both darksiders 1 & 3 got a shoutout
So bassically there's no reason to play anything but Tloz, Dark Souls, and Devil May Cry
*Nioh is not Dark Souls. IT'S ONIMUSHA & NINJA GAIDEN*
Masterclass in editing.
lol breath of the wild sucks
The entirety of the video game industry has clearly taken a lot of inspiration from Dunk Souls
What is the game at 2:10?
*EVERYTHING IS DARK SOULS NOW*        Unless it's Devil May Cry or Zelda
Comparing a game to another game isn't necessarily bad, it's more of an indication of lazy writing
Perfect
Mario Galaxy 2 borrows heavily from Mario Galaxy
So what are you saying
No Knack likes?
Legend of Zelda, Breath Of The Wild, Devil May Cry, Devil May Cry, Zelda, Breath Of The Wild, Dark Souls, Dark Souls, Dark Souls, Dark Souls
I would agree that games nowadays are laking some originality but there's also the laziness in critique that applies here as well. Comparing a new game to another one that people already widely enjoy is a really cheap marketing tactic.
Is this about the games or the games reviewers lacking originality?
Dark souls was the first game ever created
So I'm guessing your point is video games *HAVE NO ORIGINALITY.* Figures. 😒
Reviewers are reviewing a product for people that might want to spend their money on it. The best way to describe a product is by comparing it to another product that the consumer might have already bought.   Not that complicated. People complain about too much comparisons but when a game releases with 0 info about it they also complain and start formulating misconceptions about it. I mean, some people think Death Stranding and Firewatch or Gone Home are similar because the reviewers had no idea how to describe the game and by watching it players assumed it's a walking simulator. When in reality, guess what? Death Stranding's elevator pitch is sci-fi Euro Truck Simulator mixed with Spintires.
This is why I only trust steam reviews
I love you man, but this video is dumb and kind of pointless. You yourself have compared games to Dark souls...yeah reviewers do it too much but why shouldn't they compare games to other games... nothing exists in a vacuum
i dont see the issue describing a game by another game
Videogame: *you can roll to avoid attacks*  Everyone: "it's clearly a souls-like"
Taking heavy inspiration from Knack 1, Knack 2 will be an unbelievably revolutionary title
I died more than 7 times so you can't tell me this doesn't take some clear inspirations from the souls series!
The gaming community has puchased Skyrim what, 10 times now?
Watching this and realizing death stranding is one of the most original ideas of the last 5 plus years and even then you could probably find something that it took elements from
Game mechanics only follow a certain amount of game generes 😅 these people like just screaming copycat, BUT I LOVE THE EDIT CAUSE IT showed many games I would love to try!
Was just thinking this. The more things change, the more they stay the same. Why do we all just want what's familiar instead of trying something truly different?
how the f persona  is like kingdom hearts ????????????
Really makes you think what a game truly is...
Nobody's willing to take a risk and make something unique.   Gotta follow the formula am I right?!
Because of how much you FEEL like Spider-Man, it's clear they took inspiration from the Batman Arkham games.
I think it's often a testament to the genre-defining power of those games. 2D Zelda, Dark Souls, BOTW, all seem to be genre defining.
Clearly popular games inspire new/existing game devs to take their own crack at things; and if it means numerous renditions of similar games to the ones we already love I'll take it. What's the alternative? Nothing. Getting absolutely nothing! Inspiration is to be had one way or another :') This was hilarious though
Originality in video game commentary videos
When that reviewer said hades instead of diablo i lost it i mean im sure there were inspirations for diablo but how you gonna quote hades a game from 2018 as an originator of that style of game, these reviewers on one…
I also think this says something about the current state of video game journalism. While film critics sometimes fall into this, I feel these reviewers all too often compare to a previous title than acknowledge it's actual merit in the genre
yes this is how a review works thanks for telling us
"Platforming that recalls games such as ratchet and clank" what a bizarre sentence lol, why compare it to rac of all series'? Just cause rift apart was a recent big release?
I don't think this sort of commentary on games is a bad thing, it's just them trying to relate it to something you are familiar with and helping make a picture of what a game is like. Games also can't help being similar to each other in at least 1 way as well, so it makes sense to draw inspiration from other sources, which works out so long as they try to improve on that mechanic/idea
It's baffling when you can watch a whole dunkey video where he says one sentence only like an expensive cameo in a movie and it's still a masterpiece of a video
This video shamelessly took inspiration from Crowbcat!
The efficacious cappelletti secondly communicate because cello prospectively offer through a noxious coal. jolly, steadfast peak
dark souls and zelda arent even games worth copying. dont understand the industry standard of shoehorning elements from these games into their own, when the games they copy aren't that great to begin with
this is a little bit like a Crowbcat video
I love blue-jelly...because it reminds me of green-jelly...but it tastes like red-jelly...but it's not! 🤗👌
this is like the longest intro to a video ever
I mean Videogames are becoming Post-Modern and given that the medium evolved so fast we got to Post-Modernism faster than in other Arts
Anybody know what the skateboarding chicken game is... I'm genuinely curious
Imagine this: review a game without pointing out obvious inspirations.
Dont you dare criticize my skate bird
I honestly can't play video games anymore because they're all basically knock offs of Mario 64: Morrowind Souls
Pong was inspired by tennis. This is how its always been in all art forms and even in business, apple took ideas from zerox, microsoft from apple, google from apple. Nothing exists in a vacuum. Everyone borrows and are inspired. That's how creativity works. Remixing old ideas into something new.
Ok so the only games that are original are Zelda, Dark Souls and Devil May Cry
Holy fuck I hate game journalism
I feel like its just as much a problem with lazy streamers advertising them in ways like this.
Provocative
We all know that all games take inspiration from Super Mario Bros 2.
What game was that in the second clip?
This game really makes you feel like game
ah the irony so plainly laid out of people saying "I've never played anything like it" and then proceed to list games it is like
I think this suffers from a crippling lack of being able to describe the game itself... so reviewers have to allude to other games to make the connection to their viewers. While this isn't inherently wrong, the over reliance is clearly showcased in the above video. If too many people reference the same games for seemingly anything with a playable space larger than a 5 x 5 apartment, or reference the same game for anything relating to i-frames, the problem becomes incredibly apparent.  It's like the meme where Destiny was called something alone the lines of: Star Duty Call of Battlefield: Remastered Limited Edition. Just a mix of the most buzz wordy titles to describe anything.  tbh, the viewers of the review should be determining what the game relates to other games. The game reviewers (while they can do that) should first describe the game itself and its mechanics thoroughly before CONCLUDING that said game being reviewed is like other games (that they've hopefully reviewed / played as well).
Dunky absorbs a lot of games journalism media.. (hehe probly researched it but lols)
All you people whining about a lack of originality should pick up a VR headset and stfu - that’s where all the originality is right now.
So basically if you have Zelda and Dark Souls, you have 95% of the games
who cares about game critics after tlou2
With its emphasis on the real-time manipulation of an environment with predetermined rules and boundaries, videogames owes a lot to real life.
Dammit dark  souls  you ruinened the souls franchise
ofc games are shit rn but in my opinion video game journalists are also  at fault to for being lazy fucks and just describing everything as souls-like, just like dark souls or it draws ideas from the dark souls series when its just a 3rd-person  action game
Let's face it guys everything and I mean everything was inspired by super Mario bros 2
Nah man, they be talking bout ripping Breath of the Wild but that game stole the game style, even character names, history (that's just in another timeline) and pretty much everything from The legend of Zelda. Like dude, that game came out 100 years ago, we all know that! 🤣
When I was in high school I had a English teacher tell me that the only original stories from the Bible, Shakespeare and something else I don’t remember seems like in video games the original works are dark souls and Zelda
Where mechanics and gameplay elements came from doesn't matter. What matters is how they're used.
I think 95% av all games these days are shit. Getting bored after 10 mins. I only play indie stuff like the messenger,dead cells and stuff like that. Its sad to be a gamer 2021 and has been for the last 10 years
just because someone had an idea doesn't mean no one else is allowed to use them!
I feel like game journalists are trying too hard to explain game mechanics to the point they gotta compare it too every single game that has said mechanics
This video reminds me an awful lot of dark souls
There's actually a lot of original shit happening in the Indie market. Too bad they instantly get labelled 'walking simulators' and overlooked, though.
I bought a new gaming laptop like 6 months ago and literally all I play is Railroad Tycoon 2
Death stranding clearly takes inspiration from Dark souls with it character walking from one place to another. Also, the Abbreviation for both of them is DS.  Also remember that there is a Nintendo DS, so both of them take inspiration from it where both of them where firstly got introduced on consoles.  There i said it.
I feel like a lot of those games aren't anything like dark souls, but a lot of the commentators know that if they say that, then people would think its challenging. The point of the video still stands. I don't mind people taking inspiration from different games myself, since there tends to be a progression that sometimes pushes the type of game further when they add aspects that were good about a previous game and build on it, but it would be nice to see more new ideas on the market.   It's hard to think out o0f the box some times to make things completely new where it can't be compared to other games, especially since its so hard to break the trends of games now a days. This isn't revolutionary, but one thing I would love to see in games now a days, is the use of modular systems, where you could create your own custom gear, abilities and spells through a modular system. It's been tried a few times, and every time it has been extremely fun in the games that they were implemented.  The magica series did this very well where the spell that you cast are combinations of elements that you put together when casting the spell, making it feel as if you are actually casting a spell. Ars magica mod for mincraft did even better where you could expend resources to create your own entirely custom spell pages that have what feels like infinite possibility for creativity. Playing that mod made you actually feel like you are a mage discovering entirely new magic in your tower. It would be wonderful to see those sort of implementations in many genres across the board. I would especially like to see it in top down rpgs, mmos, and hack and slashes.   The same goes for modular gear. Warframe attempted it, and had some success with it by making weapons that you could combine four separate types of pieces to change the stats of the final weapon. The downside to that is for the most part it was just base stat adjustments instead of something that is more inspirational. Back to minecraft mods, there is a mod called tinkers construct that allows a lot of different weapon and tool bases that could be put together as differing materials, many of them giving a lot of interesting effects, upsides and downsides. They also had modifier slots that could add some very interesting and unique abilities on them. Things like that and possibly armor would be excellent for the previously mentioned game types.
And at the end of the day, every game is just a carbon copy of Knack and Knack 2
I think reviewers are way too caught up in telling viewers like which game a certain game is and instead tell them if they are fun to play. I liked playing Dark Souls, but I didn't like playing many of the "clearly heavily inspired by Dark Souls" games...
This game really makes you feel like Dark Souls.
I can’t believe  *insert new open world game* looks like *insert old open world game* and *insert new 3rd person Action-Adventure game* looks like *insert old 3rd person Action-Adventure game*
I love how all games aim for dark souls, although FromSoftware is not nearly as corporate big as other companies; but in terms of sheer gameplay, FromSoftware/Miyazaki is a giant who stands above all.
Originality has died long ago. But at least some studios still deliver awesome even if not completely original experiences. I am waiting for breath of the wilds sequel to show us something completely new and amazing. They sure took their time so I am expecting nothing less than a master piece.
Skyrim with guns
I’m just gonna play Valhiem
Elden Ring will be DarkSouls with Breath of The Wild
And Super Mario 2 draws its inspiration from Yume Kōjō: Doki Doki Panic.
a difficult 3rd person fighting game with a dodge move... soo dark souls?
Well said.. this is hilarious.
Every game that lets you jump its just Mario with extra steps
You wanne play a new video game? Oh sike it's all darksouls
So ummm... does anyone know the name of the Rocket league/Fornite/Overwatch one? Lmao
Took me a while to understand what the video was getting at, but then I took some inspiration from Dark(Demon) Souls and was able to figure out this video is just like Breath of the Wild, but with more Overwatch, and a little bit of Genshin Impact.
Thank god for lets plays and quick looks. So much more info than a journalistic review could ever give you to help you decide on a purchase.
I think those review kinda lazy, they lack the ability to articulate their thoughts with something interesting instead they used a simple words 'yeah this game is similar to this game' it kinda undermine the game that you were reviewing. There got to be something that game dev improve/add/change in their creative progress. They unintentionally killed the game's uniqueness and charm.
yahtzee still the goat
You know the elevator pitch for a Dunkey video; make it like a Keyori video, but with less anime
"There's nothing like this game!!!! Except this game, this, this one over here, and that one over there too."
"With great exploration throughout the hazard filled area, with high risk high reward gameplay. This is undoubtedly a heavy reference to Minesweeper games."
This video is just bad. Reviewers saying "This game has mechanics similar to ... game" doesn' mean that it can't be original. Someone saying a shooter reminds them of another shooter or and rpg reminding them about another rpg is just to show that if you liked that one you'll probably also like this one.  Also 95% of the games dunkey showcases on his channel would be considered an unoriginal game according to this video, so I don't get this video.  If you want originality then there is plenty out there. Maybe don't just play the latest AAA releases and you'll find something
Yeah but... Most of the time is just it's just easier to compare a product to something the viewer already know than to explain it from scratch. Yes you can say fallout is skyrim with guns, and it's true but is also a bit oversimplified. If you choose to develop a sports game you'll probably not ending having a completely different game than others. It's Not like in the 90's when we Commonly had very different approaches both in gameplay and graphics. Race games are all equal but most best ones have their pecularity. If you borrow elements from other genres and mix it with your own you could have a fairly original product. After all when we think of the first gta, we already had games where you drive a car or games where you shoot people.
I love how the 70% of the game quoted here, dark souls is mencioned but has 0% of dark souls.
"I have never played a game like this... but it reminds me of >insert game<"
Dunkey can make a banger video without barely saying a word.
This video takes a lot of inspiration from the old dunkey, with a heavy dose of new dunkey, creating something quite new: future dunkey. 7/10 too much dunkey
dunkey videos are boring now... his league of legends videos were epic but this shit is just boring and overrated
This video did everything it needed to do.
is games just dark souls?
All human culture is fractal, including games. Infinite repeating spirals of almost but not quite self similarity that can suddenly balloon into new patterns that repeat and self-intersect
The last of us is a third person shooter which is a clear reference to the 3d Zelda games
This video was very annoying. Great job!
Game journalism is literally the fakest career
its almost as if people use other games as a point of common reference for their audience WOW
Reviewers need to STOP comparing games to other games!!!  Tell me if the combat is fluid or janky, tell me if the the story is interesting or boring, tell me how long the game is, how much fun or lack there of you had playing the game.  All these things can be expressed without comparing a game to other games, so please stop doing that, just review THAT GAME on its merits and not how that game compares to the merits of other games. This is a Great video to show this BS practice and quite honestly this should be sent to every publication just to show them how lazy they have become.
why don't they just make a semi realist combat game then.. basically the same(..or like DARK SOULS) thing but it heavily focuses on resouces instead to get rid of spaming and add a trap/ambush/close encounter feature or what ever and slap a title on that hoe? ex..u got a bow...u can do a multi-aoe esc sj=hot hiting in a cone or an over head bow shot (w/e), expelling how many arrows u character can use BASED on his/her dex with the weapon... like a gta lvl up system the more u use it the better u are with it..idek im spit balling here
This is why I hate reviewers. They try and mimic each other and follow the standard formula instead of just having a passionate and well worded review that judges the product for itself alonr.
dark souls. dark souls dark souls dark souls
okay but what was that cool hand drawn looking game that starts at 0:19 called
never heard the term "elevator pitch" in my life.  why is it being used in gaming journalism as a shorthand?
With the graphical display and button usage as the primary way to control the game, it's clear to see the developers took inspiration from Tennis for Two.
I don't think this video adds anything helpful to the conversation... There are definitely a lot of derivative games out there, but that's the case for every art medium. Music, movies, books, painting... They all have waves of someone doing something revolutionary, people taking inspiration from it (oftentimes too heavily), and the new idea getting played out. Meanwhile, someone else is already creating the next innovation.  This video seems to me to cherry-pick some of the most egregious game reviews and presents them as what all gaming journalism and boundary-pushing has boiled down to. But it's not that bad. While there is definitely a lot of derivative fad-chasing in games that means you can safely ignore a lot of samey titles, that's the case in every art form. It's a perfectly normal part of the evolution of pop culture. It doesn't mean we've reached a dead end.
I remember playing monster hunter world in college. My roommate looks at it and says, it's just like dark souls
Honestly, Kingdom hearts was pre-dark souls madness.
Take a drink every time they say Zelda and or breath of the wild
"game have gun! game like minecraft!"
three and a half minutes of game journalists being incapable of doing their jobs
Fr tho. I stopped playing vgs for about a decade after RDR. I got a PS4 for quarantine, to play RDR2.
This clearly borrowed from the 'Swagger' of an average African American teenage boy
Event Trigger: Legend of the Skill Tree
You know the way you move in real life is a lot like Dark Souls
you forgot the "this game reminds me of undertale"
To be fair, all art is derivative of something. I think it’s best to appreciate where inspiration came from. “Complete originality” is actually a wildly unrealistic.  Let’s even say this 100% certifiable original game is invented, who’s going to understand it?
Mid
Based on these reviews you'd think Dark Souls had been the only video game ever made up until this point.
this video was defenetly inspired by dark souls
Much effort, such wow.
Well, as they say "There's nothing new under the sun."
Since dark souls came out I always figured it was meant to be a 3D successor to castlevania symphony of the night, which was inspired from super metroid, which was inspired from classic movies by Ridley Scott.
What is the game at 0:20 ?
I refuse to play Dark Souls since I found out Dark Souls ripped off Dark Souls.
Challenge: Do a review of a game without bringing up another game.
The video game industry is a lot like Hollywood; comfortability sells. Original ideas bomb while the same franchises and concepts put asses in the seats year after year.
the turn based combat & intricate combos seem to draw inspiration from bookworm adventures deluxe
We need more strand-type games.
"I've never played a game like Deathloop before..." Damn this dude didn't play Crysis.
Breath of the Wild is a 1:1 copy of cube world, change my mind
Come on Damkey everybody knows that if you swing a sword and press a button to dodge you are literally playing Dark Souls.
You had to put in one line for yourself, just as proof that you made that video haha Originality is rare
dark souls has taken some clear inspiration from demon souls
This is so saad man, soo sad.
As you can see, the puzzles and combat in the Last of Us Part II draw very heavily from Bowser's Bean Burrito, or even Bowser's BIG Bean Burrito.
Hey Dunkey! When you gonna play Gex!?
I feel like it just comes down to lazy writing
Alright so every game is just Dark souls, Breath of the Wild, Devil May cry/Bayonetta, and Rocket league
Ecclesiastes 1:2-11 NRSV - not religious or anything but this bible verse fits perfectly with this video
this video clearly took some inspiration from the Zelda series
I don't think this is necessarily a bad thing. To be clear, there are instances where a comparison isn't really warranted... or rather, just straight up doesn't work. But a lot of times, a game can genuinely be original, but pull elements from other games. And there are enough games out there that most games have some similarities to others. If it gives an accurate idea of the game, its not necessarily a bad thing.
This is a stupid video, there's nothing unreasonable with comparing games that share significant similarities, as a part of the discussion (with the exception of Dark Souls, it's now been boiled down to any "challenging game" and has lost any meaning). The editing just gives the impression that these comparisons are more frequent than they in truth are, and Dunkey's viewers don't question it because it's funny.
I'm actually surprised he didn't mention the first strand type game ever
You see im torn on this kind of thing. On one hand, its very helpful to describe a game by using other things that its quite similar to, and using proven good ideas in a work is always welcome to me. But on the other hand, seeing it all put together like this makes me feel like describing a game in the context of other games can really downplay just how original the other game actually is despite the similarities
okay
castlevania is inspired by dark souls xd
5 takes inspiration from 3 and 2.
s/o dubnkey for fighting the good fiht. these professional reviews suck balls lol
“Since breath of the wild made climbing have stamina in every game now”  Conan: 😐
This videos just proves why you should play games for story before gameplay
Of course game reviewers are going to compare one game to another, it helps people understand what they might be getting into before playing the game. If I asked someone what a new shooter is like and they say it's like CSGO, or R6 Siege, or Overwatch, or Apex Legends, or CoD, you instantly get some idea of what the gameplay might be like; much more so than saying "it's a team based shooter". Sharing some mechanics or flavour doesn't necessarily mean a game is a clone, or doesn't bring something new to the table.  If Dunkey's point here is that there are no new ideas in games because, hey look, all the reviewers compare new games to old games then it's a pretty bad take.  The question you should be asking here though is: are these games just taking inspiration, or are they leaning too heavily on popular mechanics and themes from other games?
Mario odyssey is a great game that takes ideas from games like bubbsy 3D and gex, it also takes inspiration from the mario kart series since there’s characters from the game in it
Ugh it makes my head spin
I don’t know if this talks more about how unoriginal games are, or how game journalists these days only know about mainstream hits because they play for the social media hits lmao.  I mean, the dude has “never played anything like” Deathloop but has played DS, whose base concepts come from the same console generation.
What is the music played at the end of this video?
Journalist dies on easy difficulty: "This is just like Dark Souls"
"I've never played a game quite like this" Proceeds to list games like it
game reviewers? lazy? i wouldn't dare think so...
Bruh everyone knows that the climbing is from cube world
Wow, this just put a fine point on why Ive been dropping off of modern games lately. I've been playing through old games lately and am saving so much money.
Fantano: videogame edition
Demons souls is Zelda oot with a stamina bar and rpg level ups (and that is a really good idea actually) and it was crested first to be a clone of the elder scrolls... At least it was what sony wanted
Damn it's almost like reviewers bring up similar familiar games to give those watching the reviews a point of relation to entice people into buying the game
This is actually why I dont buy alot of games anymore. You play one, you sorta got your gameplay covered since nothing else is too different anyway
Mario is the Dark Souls of platforming
>Dark Souls
Play Absolver Downfall or Dead by Daylight... Who they copy doe?...
Everything's a remix. Always has been, always will be.
Dark souls did to gaming what jaws did to the ocean
This video take inspiration greatly from crowbcat.
Luckily none of these commentaries are to be taken seriously or made by serious gamers. These are journalists who failed at school and became "gaming-journalists" to pay off their school debt, but do not be fooled into thinking they are gamers. They are not.
What game is that at 2:08?
Thank you darksouls!
Originality in Video Game Journalism
Recent game with some orignal idea I played was Superhot.  Another game which I consider as orignal (becuase I didn't play anything like before) is A creature in the well.
how to review flow chart: does it have climbing? -> breath of the wild is it difficult? -> dark souls  hope this helps any aspiring reviewer!! like comment and subscribe for more
this video clearly take inspiration from crowbcat
Why we even make new games. It’s just the same shit over and over. Just play dark souls.
I really hate describing games like "X clone" cause that dilutes the effort,like Overwatch is so much more that a more stylised Team Fortress (or it WAS till Blizzard killed it) but SHIT,video games have really lost their sense of awe haven't they?Everything is a copy of something else these days.
But what inspired dark souls?!
I'm convinced the people that day every game is like darksouls but ____ have never actually played darksouls
this video reminds me a bit of the legend of zelda breath of the wild
"Hey man you can copy my homework but don't make it look too obvious." "Sure thing bro!" The class snitch: "Hey this guy copied him!" Teacher: "I don't care just hand it in."
love dunkey but this a really stupid take/video.
As dumb as Death Stranding was, there was really nothing like it at all. And look how that turned out. Dunkey hates original ideas confirmed, I knew it.
"what? I spent $50 on a vidya game and it's not the first video game ever made?? what a scam"
You know what game was pretty original? Death Stranding, damn I loved that game
Fucking Marketing and Media Talk aside... There is nothing truly original Dunkey. Every Idea is taking bits and pieced of things that already exist and solving the problem of making them work. Even this channel and every video innit.  But I agree, the marketing could honestly stop using words like Zelda or Dark Souls as a term to encompass every 3d action game ever and pushes could be made to be more original in places.
Dunkey is like Jontron meets Jontron.
Hitman is nothing like deathloop lol
Next time they release a Mega man they will say its a dark souls meets super mario.
OK, now release the Snydercut.
People like to compare things to what is familiar. Doesn’t mean everything shown here is a ripoff or copy. Doesn’t mean some aren’t either. But not sure I 100% agree. But do appreciate the edit.
0:20 what game is this?
All the games journalist review frustration in one video
God this was painful to watch, I'm so angry right now. Also in the past 25 years I've been playing video games, I didn't notice that EVERY single game IS Dark Souls... How can they earn money by talking that much shit?
Dark souls
Breath of the wild
Dark Souls is the first Dark Soul type game
.....alright I'm gonna stop comparing games to other games when describing them.  That's annoying af.
"I don't know how to describe this part of the game, but it feels like this other game"  Gaming journalists don't know how to use words anymore.
Did you know the human race has taken inspiration from Dark Souls
why did you post that. that hurt me
And here I thought I was crazy. Thank you.
Ahhh, now that's some Videogamedunkey quality.  Glad you're back dunkey.
Ah yes, gaming journalism at its' finest
fall guys is basically darksouls
Yeah, PAC man is a blatant rip off of tag, smh
what does it means?
Kirby planet robobot has taken a lot of influence from dark souls
Dark souls.. Dark souls.. Dark souls.. Dark souls everywhere!!
Taking inspiration isn't a bad thing. For example all music artists are inspired by other music artists that came before them, and you can hear the influences. The concept is nothing new.
I love it.  "There's nothing like X! ... X IS ALSO JUST LIKE Y AND Z!!"
I remember when someone said that Monster Hunter: World was like Dark Souls
PC Games that play with keyboards are becoming redundant at this point.
I love dark souls as much as the next guy but most of the things they said were inspired by dark souls are nothing like dark souls
Sheesh. This is ridiculous.
WAIT A MINUTE. DID someone just order the Hamston surprise???!?!
Anyone know the outro song?
Not gonna lie, Hades invited rouge likes that's why it's called rough li- ... Wait a minute
i think those reviewers and presenters are just unoriginal as well
The OG "God of War" callout there showing how this has been going on since basically the dawn of time.
isn't it funny how you can relate literally anything?
Im not sure how I feel about this. I feel like building off of existing media and trying to improve a formula (or put a twist on it) is a good thing. But sometimes I do like when games do some real wierd off the wall shit I've never see before
come to my house and eat all the hamburgers i keep in my deep freeze, they were made in 1957.    I bet you didnt expect that.
not enough Dunkey in this edit!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I gotta say. If one game is combining aspects of many other games and is doing it well. I’d say that’s a plus if anything. And I know it’s hard for games to be original nowadays but can you blame them? I mean even ideas aren’t our own, they are just mishmashed thoughts from other peoples ideas and experiences we’ve had prior.
Glad to see "It takes two" is not present here. That game is like the dark souls of marriage counselling.
I dont get why everything is borrowed from dark souls and not demon souls
wgat is dark matter
has a little something for everyone
Zelda has so much impact on gaming.
Can anyone explain how darksiders is related to zelda, yes I finished both zelda games and darksiders games ?
if people dont buy originality, it dissappears......
This is like recycled jokes at Gex the Gecko’s house
Dude...ign is drunk on Dark Souls. Ghost of Tsushima? really? Not even close.
And reviewers never bother to dive into what inspired Dark Souls...
1:06 in. Fuck you. Show me a book that is TOTALLY ORIGINAL. Get off your high horse.
oh shit, a non review Dunkley Vidya. it's gonna be a mastahpeece.  edit: it was a memesterpiece...
Simple humans
Can we just let games be games? PLEASE!
This was way longer than 3 minutes I swear
"It's like Skyrim with guns"
On one hand, video games are getting kinda stale and uninspired. On the other, there are only so many ways to design a game before you refine your process to an inevitable point that you're basically just doing the same thing as everyone else in your genre. Same goes for other creative forms like movies and music. You think about how many EDM songs sound the same, or horror movies basically follow the same plot, just with different characters. I feel like its only natural that game studios would whittle away what doesn't work until they're basically mirrors of one another.
Dark Souls wasn't too bad. Lion King on the Sega Genesis on the other hand...
Dark souls is just like demon souls guys
Ah Game journalism at its finest
What’s the “chill action adventure game” @ 0:20?
Zelda has stamina? Must be inspired from Battlefield 2.
There were no video games before Dark Souls. Not even Demon Souls.
I’m so tired of game journalists comparing fucking EVERYTHING to Dark Souls IT JUST SHOWS YOU HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOURE TALKING ABOUT. Some of these guys think any game with melee combat is a souls-like smh
Gonna be honest, I don’t know what game genre people can even do at this point to be original in a noticeable way, I’m pretty sure there’s nothing that hasn’t been done at least once at this point
Also I've noticed more than a few comments sarcastically bemoaning how they think Dark Souls is overcredited and overemphasized by g journalists... no it's not, I 100% promise you, those games at the end are literally just shittier dark souls. It's not a reach, it's not a stretch, and Let It Die and Nioh might be the most shameless examples. Same goes for breath of the wild.
Love how it takes over 3 minutes for Dunkey to utter a single word.
Gonna be honest there are a bunch of g journalists here who miss the mark by a long shot and those are annoying but I really don't think this is a problem if you're presenting it to be. If you're trying to describe a game to your audience, frequently you may liken it to other games your audience is familiar with. If a game has action/adventure plus puzzle/dungeoncrawling elements, as is popular, you might compare it to Zelda and that's not a "point  and laugh at the dumb games journalist because it isn't actually literally Zelda" moment
The video game industry continues to get worse and worse
Shadow of the Colossus father of modern gaming
So basically every game is based off of Zelda, Dark Souls, and DMC? Makes sense to me.
Why do all the reviews have such weird accents?
This video is like Knack.
Death Stranding is clearly the most influential game of our generation.
Knack 2 really took a lot of inspiration from Knack 1 and even from Knack 2, even though it hadn't been released yet.
True
Didn't mean to offend everybody, but what was actually the point of this video? I would like to know.
1 game exists to make them all
wtf is a "zelda like" game?
this is one of your finest ideas Dunkey
More dookie
You forgot the biggest biter of Dark Souls, Crash Bandicoot: N. Sane Trilogy
This video was clearly inspired by Crowbcat.
"Review" yet they just chant about how it's similar to things they've played before. Not much of a review.
this game is kind of like Mario, because it's so cool :)
if you think arise is more akin to guilty gear then previous entries I might vomit, just a warning.
The further into gaming history we get, the more true this will be. Just look at painting in the art world *shrug*
Baba Is You and SUPERHOT are really innovative
So what was dark souls like?
Dunkey has clearly taken inspiration from anthony fantanos channel mixed with a bit of zelda
Challenging=Dark Souls
Everything=Dark Souls
Nothing is original! "good artists copy. Great artists steal"
"Sure I'm a video game journalist, but that doesn't mean I've ever played a video game other than dark souls. I never did beat that game..."
The true crime here isn’t that games draw inspiration from other games. It’s that these game reviewer types can’t express many thoughts other than “game x is similar to game y. I give it a 7 out of 10” the same lack of new ideas in games is the same lack of new verbiage in game review channels
Still more creative and original then what Hollywood does now.
:'(
Yeah, it's got a lot of inspiration from Halo, Forza, God of War, and Super Monkey Ball.
Eh, I don't think comparing to other games is wrong when trying to describe the game. Game journalists are literally already the laughing stock of the industry. "7/10 Too much water" or the moron who couldn't do the cuphead tutorial.
Wait until dunkey finds out about this game called dark souls 2 and it's literally the same as dark souls 1 but they just changed the enemies bosses and little bit of the level design
Some comparisons are just a stretch and completely stupid.   Should probably just mention whoever invented which mechanic but they'd have to be a vidya game historian to check.  Or maybe not mention it at all and explain what about the elements toghether make it good or bad that's be yknow a analysis.
More like: Originality in Video Games Reviews
Someone needs to cross knack with Star Wars podracers, that’s an original gaming experience
this hurts
anyone know what 0:20 is ?
Thats why death stranding was so good. It was the first "strand type game" after all
good to know shadow of the colossus got most of it's mechanics from breath of the wild
Sure games, particularly high budget have an 'Originality Issue', but these are all snippets from reviews. Reviewers are giving understandable elevator pitches to audiences who are curious if the game is to their taste. Comparisons are just the easiest way to do that. I have plenty of issues with games journalism and prefer deep analysis, but initial reviews that are tailored to general audiences with the attention span of roughly 5 minutes? Not a big deal.
THe climbing stamina is from shadow of the colossus, my God this fake gamers journalist only nows 3 games
remember EVIL: E- every V- videogame I- is L- legend of zelda
This video seems like it’s in poor taste. Of course reviewers compare games to other games - it’s the most efficient way of letting players know what the game is like. Don’t like Dark Souls type combat? Then hearing a reviewer compare something’s combat to Dark Souls will probably save you from a purchase you end up disliking. People will often search for games similar to games they played and enjoyed, so hearing that one game is like another will probably help them out. Sure, if the reviewer exclusively used comparisons then it would be a poor review, but taking a few seconds to make comparisons is pretty apt I think.
Ever since Breath of the Wild came out every game decided to become it
Most of this is because reviewers are lazy as hell.
genshin impact is an original game psshh right? riiight?
"Capitalism breeds innovation"
This video feels like its copied from crowbcat
Yet no one made a game inspired by Knack, clearly it is impossible to be inspired by a perfect game.
Dunk I like you but this is bullshit.   There’s a lot of laziness in game journalism but relying on past experiences as references for comparison isn’t lazy and is in fact helpful for as a baseline or jumpoff point for someone unaware of a game. This is just a cheap shot imo
Everyone knows that Legend of Zelda breath of the wild created gaming
Watched this video then proceeded to put loaded shotgun in my mouth 10/10
Dishonored is only a little bit like Deathloop? im done
There’s nothing like it… it’s a lot like this
In all fairness, (when it comes to reviews) one of the most prevalent ways of enticing people to try a new game is to relate it to a title your audience may have tried before  Whether it's actually as effective as its prevalence suggests, I have no clue
Oh god, what if we already reached a point where you just can't even imagine a totally new game ?
10/10 got a little something of every game.
if you own dark souls than you have experienced most of what gaming has to offer apparently lol
Talk about quality reviews. But for real, why would everybody be like,"oh it is inspired from that -this game''.  Obviously there has to be a core gameplay mechanic in any game and most likely it has been covered at least once from another franchise since the video game industry is so big, saying that games are inspired from 15+ yo games that nowdays are so outdated that you would prefer to drink gasoline rather than playing those games just indicates that current gen games are a stand alone product rather than a copy cat.  Main reason i also stopped watching IGN reviews cause those guys have no clue what they even talk about. Also thanks for compiling and edit this video.
You know the elevator pitch, it’s basically just dark souls with a bit of strand type gameplay tossed in here and there.
Wow this was brilliant. Although I was sad to not hear much of DunkMasterD’s beautiful sultry voice, I really enjoyed this video and be reassured that I’m not crazy and all these games really do heavily borrow from one another. 10/10
Dungy pleas upload on your crowbcat account again
This video borrows a lot from dark souls
I thought I was the only person who complained that every review of every game I hear is "Oh it's kind of like X game mixed with Y game"
So? Ur point Is?
the longest 3 minutes video I ever saw
It really makes you FEEL like you've already played it.
This is the Dark Souls of video game commentary
these guys make the word inspiration seem like a physical object
This is the first game-type game.
Legend tells of a quirky Earthbound-inspired RPG...
Legend tells of a quirky Earthbound-inspired RPG...
This is why death stranding is the best game
I can feel a little inspiration from Dark Souls in you video
But since Dunkey has played both Dark Souls and Devil May Cry, these games are all obviously Dunkey clones.
Mfw video game genres are named after specific video games that either invent a new mechanic, or become so iconic for using a specific mechanic that they become the face of said mechanic...  "*Rogue*-like"  "Metroid-Vania" "*souls*-like" Gacha games are named after gachapon machines for that mechanic being basically identical  And never forget the always classic "Strand-type" game genre, god bless hideo kojima
0:39 "There's nothing like this game! Now allow me to compare it to four other games."
Supah Mario 2 Wins Again    Baaaabyyy
The obsession of this darksoul like game that made me think I played a darksoul game before darksoul even exist.
Gex is the only original one
god damn dunkey stop talking in your videos its just all you talking jeez
Could it be that there's such thing as genres?
I mean the same can be said of literally all forms of media and human creation. I'd venture to say *Nothing* is "original."
I love how dunkey can make a point without even having to make a video discussing the topic, he just has to show the clips and let them do the talking
God, fuck gaming journalism
Oh yeah I completely forgot that climbing in videogames simply didn't exist until BotW.
Yeah bro, videogames kinda sucks.
this is a crowbcat video
To be fair, at some point game design is destined to repeat itself no matter what.
This is truly the Dark Souls of games journalism
Remember when every FPS game was a doom clone? Nowadays everything is a dark souls clone.
Every time I pick up a new game I realize I’ve already played it
This is the Dark Souls of review videos.
i will never play a game unless it's like another game i like
this is indeimaus' fault
"I've never played a game like Deathloop before. I have played games that are 'a little' like it. Dishonored-"  Me: 😐 a little?
Whoever that idiot that said nioh owes a lot to dark souls... Quit your job. It's made by the team that made Ninja Gaiden... AKA the team who gave dark souls their idea.
3:13 I thought he was gonna go so far as to not even include any original audio but alas he ruined it at the end
This game takes inspiration from titles you love such as dark souls and Tetris
Really makes me FEEL like Dark Souls
This is why I am subscribed to this channel <3
Mmmmm getting a lot of boss baby vibes from this one...
the Darksiders clip makes it look like knack
Its better to have more of what you want then to replay one game over and over. Plus you get to see different people's takes on the same gamplay mechanics, art scheme, theming, etc. BUT yeah, if you copy and paste then tweak it just a bit, that to me feels like cash grabbing. Welcome to late stage capitalism 😩
Where my Mario mains at
game = kinda hard = dArK SoUlS
This is the new makes you feel like (insert game name)
Dark souls fucking souls too, that's the worst part.
This is why I haven't played anything from this century in two years.
There is this new metroidvania game called "metroid 5" that is clearly inspired by hollow knight and dark souls, while at the same time having guns thus making a reference to halo and call of duty
It's almost as if it's useful to give frame of references when talking about something someone might not have experience with...
It’s like a sativa leaning KH hybrid
Journalism without originality.
gaming is trash now, RIP gaming.
this is gay as fuck
is this just to hype up their shitty reviews for the SEO?
Then when hideo kojima makes a different type of game he gets shit for it for being boring
what game @ 2:10
dark souls fathering all these games golly
This video speaks more about those who are recording these videos or commenting. Game experience at the level of bread.
Ugghh too much Zelda and Dark Souls
Now who's gonna make Darksouls Breath of the Wild?
Dunkey's channel has taken some clear inspiration, from Dark souls!
Alt title: "Originality in Video Game Journalism"
Everything's a remix
I feel like I'm gonna make a game one day, people are gonna say all this shit about it, and I'm gonna come out and say that I haven't played ANY of those games they describe it as.
This _insert game here_ is like _insert game from the same genre here_ with changes
What's your point? That games draw inspiration from each other? I think these comparisons are useful ways for audiences to relate to previous experiences.
Video game journalists make for horrible academics.
"looks like a hades knockoff" bruh I thought that was hades
Imitation is the most sincerest form of flattery.
I knew Game Critics pt.3 was gonna be good
Zelda and darksouls are the only games.
god, I fucking hate and recognize most of these reviewers
> 3rd person camera > It's literally Dark Souls
Thank god crowbcat left or else we might had to endure this for 20 minutes at least
If it isnt inspired by DS then its not a real game
Nice Dark Souls vídeo 😃
Wow they really put Sonic on the same console as Mario. Really? sole originality pls
I swear if I hear Dark Souls one more time ...
makes me appreciate the death stranding even more
When games actually have a lot of originality, then they become the butt of the joke for being different (Ex: Death Stranding)  Damned if you do, damned if you don't. No one is satisfied anymore.
before d.souls we did have ninja gaiden etc xD (gamers sucking the long d... of souls xD )
heard there was these things calles books... these are literally copy of them. bipedal creatues and all XDDDD
Never played dark souls
Everything IGN says is so cringe worthy. These morons have no idea what the hell they are talking about. Like how tf can you compare Deathloop to Hitman? That's some of the dumbest shit I've ever heard
Originality in video games journalism*  they could learn how to describe games without using the names of other games just as easily as the industry could create an entirely new idea with no borrowed elements it seems
Are there swords? Inspired from Dark Souls
We are going towards the singularity of videogame, where every video game is inspired by every other videogame to the point you can't understand who inspired whom
Person: "And climb any surface with a slowly depleting stamina bar because breath of the wild made it so that that's just in every open world game now" Shadow of the Colossus:
Damn, guess everything these days has Breath of the Wild and/or Dark Souls :|
Im trying to make a game and taking great care to make it as unique and original as possible, and my biggest fear is that I'll get some comparitive description like these.
Disco elysium
dark souls is its own genre. unlike "strand" games. first strand type game, they said
This is more lazy journalism than the fault of videogames. Only a handful of those games being described as inspired by Dark Souls are even remotely similar. Games are still lightyears better than the movie industry in terms of the ability to execute on an original thought.
Without minecraft we would not have fortnite and without that banger we would not have amogus
Imagine acting like Breath of the Wild set any form of standard in a video game or invented anything new.
Of course all these games borrows from the og game of tic-tac-toes
well to be fair pretty much every 3d game that exists has taken inspiration from Mario 64 and Ocarina of Time
And then some crazy original avant-garde game someone recommends me gets put on my “looks interesting, never play it” list.
This 3 minute video feels like 3 hours.
i wish people would steal from supah mario bruddas too instead of dunk souls 😑😑😑
Wittgenstein argued that things often don't have one single identifying aspect that uniquely identifies them, but instead have "family resemblances". A lot of overlapping similarities, by which they appear to sit in one family or more. Wittgenstein used games as his examples of things which can only be explained as a family resemblance. If you could find a way of defining what a game definitively is without using family resemblances, then you could disprove the greatest philosopher of the 20th century.
Nothing exists in a vacuum. Everything takes inspiration from everything else. And Dark Souls.
I swear these fuckin people just throw dark souls in their review so they can use it in search tags
That's why the only game I play is Romance of the Three Kingdoms 7
I was playing the miles morales man and I didn't _feel_ like spider man but it was reminiscent of dark souls
yeah, a good observation as always. funny that vidoegamedunkey makes his points through editing instead of discussing them. i know he is doing it for several years but it stil struked me he realy is a game journalist.   if i take the point from video, videogamedunkey took mechanisc from totalbiscuit. (needless pun included)
Yeah, jornos nowadays can't describe game aside from "this looks like X game"...
So basically Devil May cry and Bayonetta Created Video Games
Journalists usually read from press kit given to them by the developers themselves. It's not necessarily lack of originality but rather them thinking that "player are more likely to pickup a game that seems similar to what they already know."  Whether this is true or not depends who you ask and how you look at the market.  Even when studying game design, we HAD to take inspiration from something. It could be from a real life experience/activity, but with the market being what it is, it's more likely that a game will be similar to another game.
I heard Dark Souls was the Dark Souls of Dark souls
gow is just an onimusha clone, facts
I haven't played a single one of the games featured in this video or referenced (other than Rocket League)
Every adventure game with puzzles is zelda
I think it's just game journalists lack originality
Moral of the story: Devil May Cry was original
n64 games were pretty much entirely original because they were the first games to use the third dimension; oot is still the goat, imo, but that's for many reasons, including originality. Otherwise, every new game will always borrow from what's come before to a certain extent, that's just how any culture, video-game or other, works. I think originality comes, apart from introducing a new spatial dimension, from taking what's come before and mixing it together in such a way that produces something that hasn't been seen before: DS was so fresh because we'd never had a Zelda game that challenging or dark before--it's like they mixed Castlevania and Zelda together--; Metroid Prime was a metroidvania mixed with fps, never been done before. I think for something to be original, it has to mix to sources together, which mixture is entirely new; or else it needs to borrow from a variety of different sources, which have already been mixed before, but  use a fresh new ratio in balancing those influences which ratio is significantly different to any ratio used in that same mix before.
This video is a little bit crowbcat with a splash of cbt.
Art is never original to a default. It's most likely that you copy something or getispired by other Art and add something new to it. Nothing wrong with that.
Two words: Katamari Damacy
It’s very hard to be completely original with games lately, but taking ideas in many other games and combining it with your own unique idea is a perfectly fine strategy. I think the reviewers know this, but their constant comparisons to other games and how they word it tend to give off a bad impression to the audience. It’s fine to say what something in a game reminds you of, but if you describe a game as just an amalgamation of a bunch of other games, then that takes away that game’s individuality. Dunkey’s probably aware of this, and other people have brought things like this up before, I don’t really know who my target audience is.
Dunkey with a true souls-like video that's one part knack 2 and one part shrek 2
The lot of these game reviewers haven't played Shadow of the Colossus and it shows
Thank you dark souls
Wait.. you mean it’s ALL Dark Souls?  ~always has been🔫 👨‍🚀
dunkey is basically a combination between pewdiepie and james charles
dunk souls
I mean...every game in existence has influences from other games
if you're looking for an original game to play, play outer wilds. most unique game in at least the past 5 years
You rascal, why you did not used the clip where you said "Hollow Knight is basicaly Dark souls"
Remember everyone if its a video game your probably playing dark souls
This video is like Dark Souls.
Literally what is the point of this video? Journalists compare games to each other? That not really a bad thing at all
Ok so I'm taking dunkey is sick of hearing games are like other games 2 minutes in and the climbing stamina thing was kind of made by shadow of the colossus And wtf is dark souls stuff blocking attacking dodging I don't get it
"there's nothing quite like scarlet nexus" I guess astral chain never existed.
If dark souls is so great… where’s dark souls 2?
Facking dark souls I hate game journalists so much
Remember kids if it has a roll it’s dark souls
Hooray Dark Souls
This video takes clear inspiration from the dunkey style, I was nervous at first with the lack of inclusion of big yoshi that's so popular with the genre but came to realise that the mentions of dark souls was actually a cryptic cypher leading to the large green dinosaur himself.
Comparing a game to dark souls has to be the most embarrassingly generic non-comment you can make at this point. It's like calling your food product "bold." It literally means nothing.
I'm ready for video game journalists to compare the next CoD game to Dark Souls at this point
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of videogames
This comment section was entirely filled with reference and Reminder of a different mixed of originality. Gr8 job m8 I r8 8/8
And they say MY GAMES are bad because they're like other games -_-
"DeathLoop takes inspiration from games like Bioshock and Dishonored."  You don't say.
Dark Souls, Breath of the Wild, Sekiro  The only games ALL reviewers play before applying.
Dark Souls invented difficulty and legend of zelda invented climbing and gliding. OMG I am so proud to be part of this gaming generation.
Unpolished gta clone
I miss xplay
I mean what is an actual original idea. Everything comes from something.
Is it games that lack originality or IGN reviews 🤔 I mean they gotta reference the game so players can have an idea what to expect... but can they communicate it without comparisons?
Oooga booga nintendogs oH zEldA LiKe gAmE
I wanna a list with all the games that appeared in this video. NOW!
All the original games are the crappy  new releases on steam that are broken.
brillante
Fire... them... alll        its a bit like darksouls and a poop bar for how hard you push without a glass of water in the morning.
I die a little bit more inside every time I hear a game get compared to Dark Souls
I thought Demon Souls is the first of the series
Donkey can make a video feel like he's put more time and energy into it than some YouTubers put into an entire month of videos.
This video Is so true.  Every 5 or 10 years a game will set a precedence. with in its genre or sub genre. Then, the industry will follow.
Dunky is the Dark Souls of Video Game Dunky
What can you do, people aren't too interested in games that don't closely follow the already established formulas.
So is Dunkey making a statement about games not being original anymore, or just making fun of the journalists descriptions of the games? Because I know that at least a few of the games are definitely unique and fun in their own way, and most likely won't be remembered as copying (not all of them).
It's amazing how many games I haven't played because Dunkey shits all over them.
You missed Shin Megami Tensei is like Edgy Pokemon...
Yes the dark souls of something
Especially bad with Japanese video games. Some of them are just the exact same formula with no gameplay change
"Savage, I love it." - Gex
every game is now either dark souls or breath of the wild.
Why don't any games get inspiration from Joust.. everyone loved Joust.
0:19 What game is that?
This hurt to watch i can't breath
Yet another reason why Knack is a complete and utter masterpiece. It is easily one of the most original games on this planet.
"It's like minecraft with guns"
I watched Joseph Anderson's critique on God of War shortly after this came out and him trying his damndest to not speak of dark souls had me wheezing
The same phenomenon has been going on with movies whenever movie reviewers say "This is a Star Wars for the next generation" or "This will be as big as Harry Potter". Buncha bologna.
but Death Stranding took inspiration from none of them, making it the new best game ever.
So if i played dark souls i have no need to play any other game at all, sweet thanks
I think originality in anything whether it’s video games, music, film, and even books is all dead. Nothing is original anymore. We’re reaching the point of entertainment and art drying itself out with inspirations or rip offs.
Liked this video a few days before i watched it. Glad my intuition wasn’t wrong
I just realized I have no idea when I last watched a videogame review.
So Zelda, darksoul, and DMC huh noted
Ha ha video game journalism go brrrrrrrrr
I think Valorant being described as Counter Strike with Overwatch abilities is pretty fair, isn't it?
This is the funniest video ever
Death Stranding has clear inspirations from Knack.
"This game draws heavily from God of War."  It's a hack 'n slash. Just say it's a hack 'n slash.
Game "journalists": "Yoshi's Crafted World takes some very clear inspiration from Dark Souls."
It's lot easier to explain something by its relevance to other things. Imagine describing a brand new fruit to somebody... well, it looks kind of like an apple, but tastes like a kiwi, but it smells sort of like a tangerine? Lol  But I get the point
Dark souls and breath of the wild inspiration, just just play those two and you've played them all
"theres nothing quite like this game!" *names 4 games that are like that game*
This video was made by dunkey. Hes sooo cool.
Is this video about originality in video games or in video games reviews?
Wait till you learn that Dark Souls is like Monster Hunter.
You're right. A lot of "originality" does eventually blend into a monster of "I can do everything". I enjoyed ideas that weren't often in the market such as a 3D platformer specialized around combat and story telling. I enjoyed Mortal Kombat shalon monks for that reason. I also played intelecube, which was another infamous idea. The more diverse of games you play, the more you see what has not been done. Or at least, is no longer being done.
You could make a cheese omelette and they would still say that it's inspired by dark souls.
"Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal; bad poets deface what they take, and good poets make it into something better, or at least something different."
Damn it's the 10 year anniversary of Dark Souls. Can't believe it's been 10 years since videogames were invented.
Can’t believe dark souls made crash bandicoot.
This video sums up whenever I'm "researching" video games on the internet and one leads to another to another to another...
most games are heavily inspired by minesweeper
Every strand type game is actually a spiritual sequel to Dark Souls and a direct sequel to the Zelda Games.
"I never played a game like Call of Duty it takes clear inspiration from Doom!!"
This is really sad.
everything is zelda
"There's nothing quite like this game that's a lot like these games"
Game journalists trying to define a game genre are like Heavy Metal magazines trying to fit bands on certain genres.       Oh, shit...
Pure originality doesn't make the big bucks.
This video is a little bit of A with a little bit of B
hey guys, did you know that Real Life took inspiration from The Legends of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Did You know if you attack someone with a weapon and they go “youch” that’s actually inspired by darksouls
Every game is dark souls.
This makes me happy that no one will recreate or copy the brush mechanic from Okami
The walking mechanic in this game is obviously heavily inspired by Death Stranding
video game darnkey souls
Thank god I finished Zelda BoTW so i can avoid all these other games
I mean, I can’t even really blame the reviewers. Sure, they should be striving for more originality, but when a game is quits blatantly inspired by other games, it’d be disingenuous not to inform the consumer. Maybe we need more originality in games, I don’t know, or maybe game design is slowly being more and more streamlined for the better.
Huh, games where you have graphics and stuff moves and hits and scores....  It's a little bit like Pong.
In short, everything is Dark Souls
The thing is that players actually expect certain mechanics from games after playing those mentioned ones. So the devs rather implement more stuff from other games to get more players on board that would rather play something they're familiar with.
Everything has aspects of pong. Case closed, every game is a pong clone.
Okay I get your point but also like an action game is a action game. Yes mechanics have been reused but like action movies, there is only so much you can do mechanically.
oh, i like dark souls
its like they think these game companies just throw zelda dark souls and hades into a blender and thats how they create new games
I love this, I’ve always tried to explain pal so many games black originality and fail to define themselves as their own title when in reality they are just a shadow to the legendary games that define it.
a lot of sharingan has been used in the gaming industry
That's golf!
Dark Souls invented gaming apparently
Which is it more, though, unoriginality in games or games reviewers/critics inability to do their jobs well (aka communicate thoughts).
Some say mma is a tekken like.
Referring to existing games is a useful language to quickly communicate what a game is like.
I don't like any of this, this is the dark timeline.
videogamedunkey borrows alot of aspects from dark souls
game journalism at its' peak
If someone throws "its like botw" on something again Im gonna throw up
Has anyone watched a game review for any purpose other than to laugh at the reviewer since like 2009?
"This game is basically what you'd get if Burger Time and Sneak King had a love child, with upskirt gameplay elements clearly inspired by Nier: Automata's ladder sequences."
Ah how GameSpot rates their games... comparing games to other games.  No wonder they get such high scores.
EA: Hold my beer. We make the same dreadful game every year. It's called Madden 🏈😆🎮
Why the fuck does Dark Souls do everything nowadays
I played Katamari Damaci this morning. Its a bit like.... shit, nothing really
“I am afraid to say that the history of entertainment is also the history of imitation.”      -Satoru Iwata (rest in peace)
this video feels so fucking long
Clearly Dark Souls was inspired by Kingdom Hearts, Assassin's Creed, Mario & Game of Thrones. They have no idea what they're talking about.    *Instantly dies*
Can we talk about how dark souls created oxygen 🤔😳
Dark souls! Kinda like monster hunter but with the difficulty of the original ninja gaiden :D
We should change the year system to be before and after Dark Souls because it is the most important event in human history and everything else is just foreshadowing Dark Souls or based of of Dark Souls.
Don’t ya love how he can make videos with literally 2 seconds of him speaking and the rest is just clips
Another step to downgrade......
Dark Souls, Devil May Cry, and Zelda are the only original video games.
When I watched this video, I thoght it was a reference to how repetitive and unoriginal the comment section was XD
breath of the zelda and and no light souls invented video games
Dark Souls took its difficulty from God Hand
He has a cute voice
Nioh2 is better than all darksouls and bloodborne combined. Nioh2 has more customization, more loot and more of everything. On top of that they have one of the best coop in any videogame.
Dark souls was heavily inspired by Dark souls🧐
What’s this game called @1:30 ? Looks fun… looks like Diablo
Did you know Pong takes inspiration from Dark Souls?
This game reminds me of the controller you hold when you play it
I hate video games.
And then Dark Souls itself took inspiration from Zelda
Originality & creativity are mostly being skilled at combining unexpected sources of inspiration, and hiding your sources ( or _stealing like an artist_ ), but a lot of the bigger games are like the same cake with a diff cherry on top, and that cherry being different enough is apparently rare enough yo warrant _"I've never played a game like this before, it has 1 new mechanic"_  Not sure if it's the more accessible ubiquitous game dev tools that are mostly geared towards those specific types of games - Unity & indie titles are often more original for example - or just cheap business decisions. Being "like dark souls" seems like a selling point usually, so why not
Knack made gaming
2:13 You can feel he's fed up with all the BOTW knock offs xD
I can't tell if the video is meant to be commentary on gaming journalism, or the gaming industry.  If it's the former, it makes sense that quicker reviews would try to distill down what a game is about by relating it to other successful games in the genre. It's reasonable when there's meaningful overlap. You can say more with less, assuming your audience is familiar with those titles. Plus it gives a good foundation for what reviews are meant to be -- Should you play this game? Well, if you like X, Y, and Z games, maybe you should!  Can these shortcuts be used to create lazy, shallow reviews? Unfortunately, yep.  If it's the latter, everything that anything in these reviews is compared to was once compared to something else, which was compared to something else.  To say something is unoriginal just because you can point at pieces that resemble something else is... dumb? Nothing is original then. All creations are inspired from a variety of sources. Nothing is born of a vacuum.
Ohhhh shit it's bout to get real controversial this episode
Hidetaka Miyazaki, what have you done..
There's really nothing like it, it's a bit like Spyro with a hint of Ratatouille, and it has the combat system of Shrek: Rise Of The Lost Nun
Is it just me or does anyone else feel sad hearing this stuff?
ive never realized how silly all this sounds until ive seen a 3 minute montage of it
this video is definitely mario maker 2 with a little bit of simpsons hit and run and a hint of knack
Thats one of the reasons why Death Stranding is so good to me. That game can have his pros and cons, but no one can say its based in something or no original
League of Legends is another game that clearly takes inspiration from Dark Souls and the Zelda franchise.
Who still watch and get opnion from "gamer" jornalist nowadays?
the video takes heavy influence from content creators like crowbcat.....and dark souls
I would say Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild took inspiration from Tomb Raider Angel of Darkness.
it's easy to simplify things into other things
originality in video game critiques
ok but.... most things have already been done. so what else is there to do
When game journalists don't know enough about how to write, so they just reference thought points back to other games.
Gamers are too apologetic to plagiarism, and i get crucified everytime i call it out, like when i say that Crowsworn seems to be a Hollow Knight rip off, or that ubisoft game and Breath of the Wild. There are many more examples. What irks me the most is the "BuT iTS Fun sO whO CAReS" argument -.-
Okay, this was more of a montage with a message rather than actual commentary, but I think we get the point.
The truth is, they are right. Most of these games aren't very original, and they are inspired by other things. But that's perfectly fine, originality != quality. Taking an hour to explain what Nioh gameplay is like isn't somehow better than just saying it's a "souls-like".
I always cringe when people compare games to breath of the wild. I remember playing Shadow of the Collosus on PS2 when I was like 8, its basically just high budget that.
its the simulacra and simulation
When are games going to be original and use something other than graphics and sound to tell a story... so cliché at this point
Thank you dunkey for elucidating why i can't fucking enjoy video games any more
Apparently games journalists have only played about five games.
Anyone can be a game journalist
Welcome to the no risk challenge kids
But when a game like death stranding comes around it gets hate for being like nothing else.
Gamming urinalists
Pathologic is good
Nothing wrong with taking inspiration from revolutionary game and trying to make your own with newer and better mechanics and plot, but if you make it with newer and worse mechanics and plot I will call it a Chinese knock off =D
"I'm paid to describe games and the best I can do is cite different random games" the video Imagine being new to vidya and having to watch to a dozen of reviews just to understand what the fuck are they talking about in one of them
BioShock Infinite (2013) has followed the trend of adapting the "Infinite" moniker to its title and story from games that came out after such as Call of Duty Infinite Warfare (2016) and Halo Infinite (2022).
There is a good reason to use comparisons when it's obvious "devil may cry's combat with dark souls vague story telling" is a good thing it lets you know what you can expect but shit like "something between bayoneta and dmc" .... ??????? they are both the same genre done by the same people with the same break neck speed and style, it says nothing.
kinda weird they didnt talk about all the strand type games…
It was all fun and games for me until they brought up Guilty Gear Xrd
I'm kinda annoyed that Dark souls is like deathloop came out of a game reviewers mouth.....
Spider-Man PS4 is like Dark Souls but you're Spider-Man
Definitely noticed a Dark Souls influence in this video
How do you describe a 2021 game to someone who has never played video games?
Crowbcat is mad
To be fair, when you are creating a publisher proposal document to sell your game idea to companies, you're supposed to do literally this, compare it to already existing games to give them an idea of what your game is like.  I took game design in college.
Here's a hint. There's nothing new under the sun.
Dunkey video with 95% other people & 10 seconds of dunkey at the end.. lame
thank god, they're not mentioning split second game
darksiders <3
Are these critics expecting each new title to reinvent the wheel or something? lol
Now guys this is maybe a crazy idea BUT what if they made a game inspired by Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls???😱
You live long enough to see Dunkey turn into Crowbcat.
It goes to show how influential Zelda has been, but I don't consider Dark Souls to be much different from Zelda. The major distinguishing factor is the punishing difficulty. Dark Souls feels like a spiritual successor to early 3D Zelda games like Ocarina of Time/Majora's Mask, and Twilight Princess. Nothing else scratches the itch for a modern Zelda game except for Dark Souls. Dark Souls feels much more Zelda than Breath of the Wild. Hidetaki Miyazaki is a genius and the atmosphere and polish of Soulsbourne feels like the old Zelda perfected
Y'all keep buying the same shit, they're just going to keep making the same shit.
3rd person with a dodge roll? dark souls
*Looks at a basic feature for a couple of seconds*  "yup this is definitely inspired by something (probably zelda)"
that one dude who was just so done with the climbing mechanic made my day
About 1 minute in and thought: this doesn't even need commentary for Dunkey to get his point across. The ending proved me right lol
marvel's spider man makes you really feel like zelda
Its not that every game is necessarily made to draw inspiration from another, its just that the games that are being used as the comparison are iconic. If anything, its the game critics and reviewers that are creating this comparison genre of games.
All these games are lacking a *Hideo Kojima*
This is kind of an issue I guess? Everything draws from something... It's not just videogames. If a mechanic is good I think it should absolutely be used in other games... Does anyone actually disagree with this?
Disco Elysium is like the Disco Elysium of Disco Elysium games.
This is why I don't read/watch game reviews
I mean you did hate Death Stranding Dunkey which was definitely one of the more original ideas of recent years and it only played a bit like MGS
this was too good an edit, games are like other games?? wild
-Wait, so its all Dark Souls? -Always has been👨🏽‍🚀🔫
ok
This feels a lot like a Crowbcat video, which is certainly not a bad thing!
The grass in this game is very much like Breath Of The Wild
One of the most depressing videos I’ve seen
Games build upon each other, this is normal.
Bro how how can you stand to edit these lol
Medieval times history of Europe clearly takes inspiration from dark souls combat
Eventually dark souls and video game will be synonyms like soda and pop. People will say hey let's turn on the dark souls, and they'll be talking about Mario golf.
god hearing them talk is almost sickening
this is nothing new, people emulated mario for eons. metroid and castlevania have a genre named after them. that's just the waaay it iiiis.
Man, according to Twitter witch hunters this video is a blatant tasteless and personal assault on games journalists. Personally, I think it's a little like Dark Souls myself.
Jesus Dunkey became IGN now or what?
2:37 thought it was the gutter in DS2
Did you know that difficulty in life was invented by dark souls
Every game is every other game
This has been the gaming Industry since the beginning.  The most popular original arcade games were actually hacked together by modders.
Dunkey is a legit comic genius. The editing is funny and also depressing, much like the comedy of the 80s-2000s. I akin it to specials from like Chris Rock or Dave Chapelle. What you hear should make you upset, but you laugh hysterically because the joke is so fucking absurd and so true you just cant believe it. Peak 100% natural, organic, gluten-free copium.
it makes you feel like Zelda
This is shamful
things... are inspired by other things...?!!?!?!?!
This is sad and disappointing
so it means that climbing high places using a stamina bar came from zelda.     shadow of the colossos(crying in the corner)
You all in the comments are wrong about what games and videos this video takes inspiration from.   Clearly dunkey is making a Knack 3 rip-off.
Hey. Ninja Gaiden 2
So basically every video game nowadays is somehow inspired by Darksouls. They did it tbh. Best genre and games ever. Once you play any DS game you simply cannot go back to any other game, it simply leaves you craving for more. Sekiro so far was the best in my opinion out of the series. Let’s wait and see what Elden Ring looks like. Can’t wait!
This is how people often pitch films as well.
Making compasions to other games can be useful but often times these reviews use it fairly lazily in ways that dont help the viewer/reader not understand very well.
God
Game journalism hasn't really changed since "Skyrim with guns". When they do try to think of something original we get "exaggerated swagger of a Black teen"
Anyone that says "Dark Souls but Anime" clearly hasn't played fucking Dark Souls. It's a Japanese game and Anime inspired you motherfucks!  As a huge fan of Dark Souls nothing quite pisses me off like everything being compared to Dark Souls. None of these games are similar to Dark Souls. Is the game vaguely hard? Apparently it's Dark Souls now. Fucking kill me.
@videogamedunkey The reason they aren't saying that the climbing stamina bar is from shadow of the colossus is because there's no money in saying that and people are still buying breath of the wild.
I'm looking for a strand type parappa the rapper game and nobody has delivered yet because everyone's fucking obsessed with dark souls
if a game doesn't hold your hand throughout the entire game or it's slightly difficult it's literally Dark Souls
This same problem exists in music.
Did you know Dark souls invented swords?
I love mario for the NES, its just like dark souls!
"Its like something I know"  -People on the internet
I mean, we all know that they only mention other games because it paints a picture in the minds of those trying to process what kind of game it is.   That and it's hard to be original anymore. Most things have been done, and most of the time it's just easier to explain the game by mentioning... Past games.
Lmao this makes me genuinely happy i never fucking played dark souls.  Great vid. cool seeing original fucking content.
“This is the dark soles of feet” - Gex Dan scheinder after rejecting ginger casting because he heard they had no soles
This isn’t just happening in gaming. It’s basically how everything works from beginning of time.
"Far Cry is like Skyrim with guns"
hee haw
it really makes you feel like a video game journalist
but what was before the dark souls
If your game has jumping in it, you're just ripping off Super Mario Bros.
Game Journos should be gassed
Knack the original of them all
neuron activation
Using these comparisons is ok to a point because it is easier to talk about comparisons especially if the audience is familiar with what came before. However if that's ALL your review relies on then what's the point. In book reviews you get those comparisons on the jacket blurbs. A good critic is able to acknowledge those similarities but treat the work as it's own thing
Every game is Zelda
“Good artists copy. Great artists steal.”   - Pablo Picasso
Game is X is like game B. You know, game B that everyone knows and you have most likely played?  Donkey: This is a crime^
i mean, can you blame them. People have been making video games for ever. To be original in this time in age is kinda hard.
Curious how none of this games takes inspo from Hong Kong 97
This "Pong" shamelessly takes inspiration from tennis. What a tennis knock off
I dont get this video. Is he showing that games today are unoriginal ( because its true) or mocking reviewers for comparing games when they just dont waste your time and tell you what the game will feel like when playing it?
damn never realized how poorly written reviews are
Souls did it first.
Dunkey where is your sea of thieves review
I think the issue here comes from the limited vocabulary and conceptual ability of the reader/listener just as much as it is a failing of the writer/orator to describe an experience without constantly referring to common tropes (which is actually quite a bit more difficult and requires greater literary/oratory skill).  The amount of times I've seen people say "but is it like x games, I only play those" makes me think that this has become common (especially with "soulslikes" or should we say "blade of darknesslikes" or "zeldalikes") for a reason. People constantly refer to one experience or concept as a point of reference, which is rather essential for quick understanding between two people with shared experience, but it does suggest a lack of ability to describe a new experience or concept solely on its own aspects, and it is virtually impossible for someone who has not shared this experience to understand as well. Given the education standards of society at the moment (and this is not grandstanding, I act very much in the same way) is it surprising we cannot fully describe a new experience or concept without this simplification? I think many people simply don't have the communicative framework to achieve "original" discussion (much like many developers do not have the   I would also say that it doesn't help that game developer's very much rely upon shared experience to entice players. Everyone likes Dark Souls right? So making slightly different Dark Souls will sell well, right? Seems to be developer logic in so many cases. Which is sad because the actual innovation by the developer is often muted, or even lost, while trying to be as close to the source of inspiration as possible. The absolute best (Nioh 1/2, DS 1/2/3, Bloodborne, BoD, The Surge 2, and so on) of the difficult action RPG genre (which is what it is, not "soulslike") all have a similar core concept that is executed in wildly different and innovative ways. From Software is pretty good at the genre now, but that doesn't mean every developer should be seeking to copy them, and it doesn't mean every fan should expect the same game from ever developer. For that way lies the death of innovation!
Comparing new things to old things is okay and good actually
You know the Elevator pitch for Super Smash Bros. Legend of Zelda meets Dark Souls.
Sounds more like unoriginality in video game journalism.
thanks for the patience to watch and cut this videos
Yes. We inspire each other 💁🏽‍♂️💫
My testicles have taken clear inspiration of darksouls
I think that are people are at fault not developers, they are just too lazy to make new definitions for games so they just say "it's very similar (name a game)" because they are that lazy. It's like saying "books are just different combinations of letters".
I'm glad I avoided play dark souls, to me everything is new.
can someone please tell me the id for the outro song ?
This channel has the sensibility of Tim and Eric Awesome Show Great Job! with the satirical styling of Airplane!
looks like zelda & dark souls are the only original game left
Game journalism be like every other game is like every other game but call of duty gets 9.0 for originality
Nope. Nitpicking and biased.
You may see some similarities between dark souls and among us
reminds me of a crowbcat video
reminds me of a dunkey video
So it seems breath of the wild has become the god father of video games. Fascinating.
And then there are the Sony fanboys:  Ohmygawdbeshtgamever!!!
This is so funny and depressing at the same time
Ayye Darksiders made the cut  Edit: So did Darksiders 3 lol
And inspired by diablo too
I feel like this means I should play Zelda Darksouls and devil may cry and then I have played every game
Dark souls was really influential on the action adventure genre the video
Games do this because when they actually start to do something original like death stranding, people call it garbage because it's not familiar
History repeats itself. Ideas are more of a borrowing mechanism, and the individual is their take on it. So smile! You've got one shot!
i have a sneaking suspicion that this video will age like fine wine
They should make it a challenge to “not mention other video game titles on the review”
Same difference stupid.
Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls comparisons are such low hanging fruit. It’s impossible to go an episode of any podcast of any game related content without hearing those names.
THE PARADOX THIS HAS CREATED IS RIDICULOUS LMFAOOOO
I don't really see the point with this. Journalism in artistic media relies on bringing it down to what the audience is familiar with. Why bother trying to strain words to explain basic gameplay mechanics when you can just say, look, if you've played Zelda, you have an idea what's going on here.
TVTropes Brain Syndrome
I hate the modern video game industry, all these professional ass mfs being like “oh this game is objectively blah blah blah” like I just wanna go back to when it was just nerds in their basement screaming about why sonic 06 sucks ass
"You can copy my homework but just change it up a little bit"  The results:
no great videogame comes from an original idea lol
Darksouls....uh your mean demon souls that came from another game i cant even remember rn. All that comes from devil may cry Oh yeah kings field
Simpsons did it!  Simpsons did it!
01:45 Persona 5 striker is similar to Kingdom Hearts?! How the f*ck he get to that conclusion?
Lets make fun of journos for comparing everything to Dark Souls  Game critics: * *does it more* *    Omfg...
This video really makes you feel like Dark Souls
My life has taken some clear inspiriation from Dark Souls
Darksouls clearly took inspiration from Demonsouls
That's funny because even if I hate it, I sometimes play games and think "Oh, cool this is like [inster game title]"...
Well I guess this is why all I play is Zelda and Dark Souls
0:02 no its not, its pikmin. Get your games right why are ppl such scrubs at comparing games
"I've never played a game like Deathloop" Proceeds to list a bunch of games like Deathloop.
Like a review video from IGN?
Game journalism 101   It’s a souls like
Sadly this is the case with most things in a postmodern world.
BatChest Souls like!
This feels like the ITYSL skit where Santa tries to describe his movie
Thanks buddy, you inspire me too <3
Try yakuza 😎
My mom is a dark souls reference
thats just cause critics dont have enough imagination to not describe a game in relation to other games
Pongify
The elevator pitch for an elevator is it brings you up or down, without the use of stairs or an escalator.
music like this too
The worst thing about this was listening to all those reviewers at once while drinking my coffee. This is not breakfast.
Dunkey's videos are the dark souls of strand games
gaming in 2021 OMEGALULiguess
you cannot watch this video without getting reminded of dark souls
Some of these are just "This game has a lock on feature! Wow! Just like Dark Souls!"
Now I need anger management
I needed Dramamine after the first two minutes
Dunkey baby you a ciken nugget i luv u.
Ok ok the climby climby stamina bar mechanic thingy is from cubeworld. Ok peoples.
Now, all is Dark Souls
Idk, there's an entire genre of games (maybe two) that admits to being heavily inspired by Rogue, so I'm really not sure if merely acknowledging that games are inspired by other games is bad. Is it overdone? Maybe, irdk since i don't seek out videogame journalism in the way dunkey does. But that wasn't the vibe i was getting for most of this video.
I mean, yeah. Game journalism is stupid. I thought we all agreed on that already.
if all games are just zelda souls it has a little bit for everuone 9/10
There's a little something for everybody.
metrovania is a bad name it doesnt explain the game also this looks like zelda
Donkey is that u
What is the game at 2:10 ?
Reviews always ruin the game for me, even positive ones. like 6 months ago, I watched 10 seconds of Hades gameplay & immediately knew I'll absolutely love it. I avoided watching any reviews, got the game, played it, and loved it.  But it's true that games draw from each other
Remember when the Nintendo had like 50 platformers on it? So many Mario clones 😂
so true nothing is fucking really original anymore
there is nothing quite like it, apart from all of these games: ...
You can tell you're getting owned when dunkey speaks ONCE during the whole video.
I bought a ps vita slim. Jailbreak it and installed some 100s of retro games.  Haven't touched my PC since a week. Damn these old games are addictive. Specifically the pixel art style beat em up.
Not a single game was like Skyrim with guns.
More Seth rogan
“Every game is like dark souls” -gex
So what you're saying is: videogame reviwers don't know how to talk about video games. Also big publisher sponsors them so they have to reference game by sponsor brrrrrrrr.
More dunk souls pls
or all video game reviewers just suck at describing things in original terms
This is a clear clone of Jon Tron
Can I get another spyro game?
Which is the second game showed?
I feel inspired enough to make a zelda god of war dark souls darksiders type style of game now.
How are video game "journalists" still a thing... Just watch a gameplay video, play a demo, or literally buy the game and refund if you don't like. Fucking boggles my mind that these hacks stay in business.
this is why i hate video game critics
I mean they make 99 games every week...
Game journos are gonna have a hair up their ass yet again.
One thing my game design teacher told us was "everything is a remix, don't worry about being original"
I mean it's just filling reviews with bs , like you would notes the similarities between games reviews should stfu , and just tell us is it good game ,
I think this has less to do with the new releases and more so to do with the fact that most video game critics have only played like three games
Apparently crowbcat just got heavy competition.
This video heavily took inspiration from UNO
I want to stop living
The game is good when you know that evry other game is more like it, lul
This is just like youtube video. Very good.
Castlevania did the "god of war" combat first. Yet it chalked up to GOW. Sad
0:19 which game is that? Looks really really good!
I see this video was inspired by dark souls
A raid shadow legends -like game
Crowbcat finally uploaded, AND did a voice reveal, wow what a video
Jokes aside, it’s probably really hard for developers to come up with something wholly original because it seems like everything has already been done. I can’t remember the last time I played a game that was completely unlike any other
"capitalism breeds innovation"
*Depleting stamina while climbing*  Zelda
This is like a luau at Mel Blanc's house
In this video: Game journos don't know game genres.
“This game Tetris is kinda a mixture of CSGO Dota2 and Knack 3” -IGN, probably
THE ONLY TWO GAMES: BREATH OF THE WILD AND DARK SOULS
Zelda: A Zelda-like Adventure, 8/10 it's got a little bit of something for everyone
All art is derivative
Bratnasty just started playing dark souls. Coincidence, I think not.
At the end of the day nothing's original and that's fine
Devil may cry + Dark Souls + Zelda = every game
Well ....now you know who's the greatest of them all ..... Dark Souls 💕
I can't believe P.T. was never mentioned in this compilation.
Watching this video is the new dark souls speedrun I did it in 3:35,
says the guy who copies videgamedonkeys videos.
This clearly takes inspiration from bookworm 2
Death Stranding GOATED still to this day.
Technoblade
Originality: exists Evil accountants at game companies: "And I took that personally."
I was playing ocarina of time and majora's mask recently and at some times it reminded me of Dark Souls too, clear inspiration
Is this more of an attack on the journalists' inability to characterise a game without constantly making analogies to existing games?
GTA5 totally drew inspiration from reality. Shameless.
Since I see a lot of people asking about the Zelda like games 0:20 is Eastward and 2:11 is Sable.
This brother didnt hardly say anything and I feel things
This was genuinely painful
there is nothing quite like this game... except for the five games that are exactly like this game.
Whats the game at 2:13 ?
I mean video games, as a medium, is maturing. You can only be so original without taking inspiration from other games. Think about all the 'original' books and movies you have watched and read, look closely and they all have their own inspiration.   I think original games was more common in the past generation as game developers and players had no idea what they liked and what worked, so they experimented. A lot failed, some succeeded. Our games have become more streamlined and refined over the generations as a result.   I think this is a example more of bad writing from the part of reviewers.
"there is nothing like it" "It is like anything you have already seen" Chose only one please
Shit like this makes me want to rethink learning game design, like, how the fuck do I make a game I can be proud of, that is original? You just fucking cant
Dunkey is heavily inspired by Keyori
Excellent edit! This reminded me so much of video game journalism back in the late nineties where they wrote the same kind of things said in the video, but boiled it down to "doom clone" or "mario clone," among a couple other "clones" haha
"It has something from every game"
What is the name of game from 2:11?
It's just like Dark Souls ™.
I cannot imagine waking up, reading that there is a new game release and then purposefully seeking out some lazy college flunkie with a funko pop room and an inability to critique without comparison to give me my opinion on a game, rather than watching non commentary gameplay and deciding for myself. Honestly, if you are brain dead enough to continue feeding shitholes like IGN and Gamespot then you should give up gaming as you slowly ruin it for those of us who have been around for ages.
Why did this make me sick
Stop. Doing. Dark souls
Brilliant game design is getting extinct
As long as they aren't comparing everything to dark souls, I appreciate comparisons.
why ist there no game like "Rakion" out there? and no, Smite is totally different
Too much laughter  7/10 IGN
This video shamelessly takes inspiration from Crowbcat but not enough circlejerking. 0/10
'3 minutes 35 seconds', much like '3 minutes 34 seconds' but with a slightly heavier emphasis on the seconds
Pong obviously takes the point and click shooter elements from games like call of duty and overwatch with the stylistic 8 bit charm of other games like minecraft and tetris
hard mode: describe a game without comparing it to zelda or dark souls
now THIS is KickLoop!
Imagine never played a game when reviewers just comparing this game to other games that you didn’t play. Easy way to make game review very descriptive it’s a souls game with a hint of breath of the wild feel
Games build of each other but the devil is in the details, no one likes a copy but a remix is always appreciated. "Good artist create, Great artist steal"
I haven't played any of those games listed but a good amount of them looked pretty dope.
Man I really hate that stamina gauge. Thanks Breath of the Wild
Breath of the Wild implemented "clim anything with stamina", taking clear inspiration from Conan Exiles
Heres an original idea thats gonna blow your mind. a 1v1 game with tons of characters in a 3d setting where you have to be strategic and think. It could be. sniper vs a tele-porter or a tanker vs a guy with a slingshot. the possibilities are endless. Name a game like that thats not a side view like MK or Smash.
so where does the industry go from here?
Dunkey/crowbcat crossover?
poignant
Wonder what a wholley original game would be like then. I doubt we will ever get something super original ever again as time goes on humans become more and more creatively bankrupt
There's nothing else quite like this game!  It's a mix of dark souls and....
this is like the video of dark souls
When will Dunkey make good videos again?
It's like watching three movies and then every movies that has characters plot and dialogue is compared to be kinda like the first three.
Am I missing a joke here? Yes, reviewers compare new games to existing games because people already know if they like those existing games, and they can use that to easily determine if they're interested in these new games. Next you'll tell me people use short phrases to group games together based on shared similarities, like 'first-person shooter' or 'real-time strategy'. Is the joke the dark souls comparisons? It's not like those are particularly new, though...
Donkey! What do you think about THE MARIO CAST
This video was highly inspired by the DErk Soulz
Dunkey is a little bit like pewdiepie and boogie2988 if they had an illegitimate love child and left it behind a dumpster and then it was raised by vinesauce Joel. Which borrows it's story line from batman arkham asylum if it was about an overweight fella that sits on his computer all day.
Anyone know what the game shown at 0:20 is?
There's no crime in taking similarities as long as it's completely your own thing. There's a difference from inspiration to downright stealing.
What game was shown at 00:20?
Basically crowbat now
Yes comparing things to relatable things to give people an idea of what they are buying.
What is the game at 0:22 ?
I'm glad someone brought this up.
Didn't once hear about Destiny 2: the Video Game. Must be unique.
2:08 anyone know what this game is?
dunkey has gotten it down to one line of dialogue, everything is already enough of a joke out there.
This video is like a witch's brew of Jontron, h3h3, and a lightened-up Ashens, with overtones of Crowbcat and Dark Souls
U threw me back to my childhood with that credits theme from new super mario bros on the NDS
This less about originality in video games a more about game reviewers and critics.
Everything is Dark Souls.
"Originality in Video Game Journalism"  My college professor would roast anyone alive if they compared their game to other games.
imagine a game like zelda but with dark souls but you play as a video game reviewer tasked with reviewing the newest dark souls game
I waited 3:14 to hear Dunkey's voice
wdym, EVERYTHING copied fortnite, and I hate it! >:|
i cant believe crowbcat finally updated
This is like saying, "oh that painting is similar to Van Goghs sunflower painting, because it's used yellow color in it's painting too"
Originality is extremely overrated and it's hard to achieve GOOD originality on top of that. I had a teacher say "the next step for inventors is innovation, improving upon what is already there, creating something better." (Paraphrasing) that really stuck with me.
This is more like a critique of reviews and the reviewers :D.
dark souls is too generic now fvcng braindead sheeps
Damn son, where’d you find this?
Basic genres for video game: dmc, zelda, mario, doom
skyrims the only game without anything like it
I think the issue is simply that IGN doesnt know how to review games, they just compare them lmao
Felt genuine anger at the biomutant/horizon zeron dawn comparison
yeah everything is souls-like now
Super Mario 2 still #1
This video was genuinely annoying lol
But none of them are like..... Super Mario 2 baby!!!
This video is very crowbcat I love it
everything comes down to trend and secured money these days. For example bts, shitty but easy money factory
Honestly, at this point, you could compare any game with any game. Chivalry 2? CoD with swords. Dead Cells? Hollow Knight~esque platformer action with Dark Souls aspects. Pathfinder: Kingmaker? A mixture of 2000's D&D RPG's and Wasteland 3, with some kingdom management aspects.  You never have to make these connections, but after playing videogames for so long, you play a new game and subconsciously make the connection without trying. Even some of the most unique videogames could have connections made (Except for Shadow of Colossus, I actually can't think of anything for that). Not to mention how every MMO is immediately compared to World of Warcraft.
They all heavily borrowed elements from Spacewar! (1962)
There is only one video game
What’s was the second game shown
*From why I understand every game is a knock off of Dark souls and Zelda BOTW.* Okie
Looking for that guy who comments on everything.
don’t try to be original; just try to be good — paul rand
My life is the real inspiration for dark soul
Yoshi's story was actually inspired by dark souls. CEO Kaz Hirai famously said that in an interview once.
Dunkey is getting stale, I think doing some Dark Sould lore coverage on his channel might liven it up.
Halfway through I had to check to make sure this wasn't a Crowbcat video
Developing a brand new original videogame is like the Dark Souls of the Game Design.
hey at least death stranding was original
Thank you dunkey.
Dunk Souls
What game is at 1:47
dunk my man i liked all your videos but you gotta speak at some point no way you just clipped these to clown the reviewers and not even tell us how you feel. that's the best part of your videos
Why do people keep mentioning Zelda BotW, when Shadow of the Colossus did this way before...
Critic try not to compare a game to another game challenge (IMPOSSIBLE)
Modern life huh
god please save us
Nailed the bird skateboarding game with that analysis
"Wow the enemies kill me in two hits if I don't dodge, it's just like Dark Souls"
What's the game at 2.15 plz?
what game is at 2:11?
I want a game designed with the specific intent to be incomparable to any other. A game that will suck ass but game journalists will have nothing to compare it to.
I wonder what they compared Dark souls and Demon Souls to when it first came out. Probably Zelda.
Every single YouTuber ever clearly borrowed heavily from Videogamedunkey
Dunkey himself called God of war is a Dark souls rip off
Knack 2 is on a completely different level though, right? KNACK 2 BABEY!
nice
Any video game: You know, I'm something of a Dark Souls myself.
The irony is that breath of the wild wasn't the first to do the stamina based travelling.  Shadow of the colossus started it.
To be fair, games are alot like movies at this point. Originality is hard when it's all been done before. Not to say game developers shouldn't push the boundary and try harder to make more original and influential titles but the more time passes the harder it'll get
Every game is dark souls or breath of the wild. I will be waiting for the next souls game and zelda game avidly, as they apparently are the pinnacle of all gaming.
What is a game review if it doesn’t have at least 5 game comparisons in it.
This video felt like it was ten minutes long.
Zelda is definitely overused, any game with light rpg elements and puzzles and someone calls it a spiritual clone
"This game is inspired by God of War and Tetris. But with a hint of pacman."
lol tell me what type of viedo game you are without telling me another games name
great review keep it up donkey
Game reviewers irk me
Gaming journalism is dead whenever I see anything gaming journalism it only confirms that, also god stfu about it’s like dark souls we know!!!!!
It has a jump button, similar to games such as Super Mario Bros and Super Mario Bros 2
Dark souls is like the dark souls of souls-likes games.
alternate title: videogame reviews make you hate videogames.
I hate how close deathloop is to dishonored. Just feels like a rip-off, completely ruins everything.
Breath of the Colossus Wild...
Great video! You can clearly see how it was inspired by the classics from pewdiepie and jacksepticeye
Yes
Originality is dead
No Dunkey until 3:15, and then it is literally a Dunkey sound clip from a previous video. You sir, a a God and NOONE is allowed to like this comment unless they noticed. Be honest now...
it took me a long time to realize Dunkey wasn't going to start talking
This video proves why gravity rush is so unique and expensive still to this day
I'm over going "Umm Shadow of The Colossus? Shadow of The Colossus? HELLO?"
spyro and clank
Video game industry originality? Am I right? You can throw any compilation of video game reviews, game conferences, controversial stories and realize the industry can make a parody of itself by how unoriginal everything is on the surface.
Clearly this Dunky upload was inspired by Knack
This is why I only play Strand type games
Dark Souls is just a ripoff of Nightmare Creatures
Playing tetris felt like playing the legend of zelda
This is the dark souls of journalism
Worst part on darksiders 3 is that the dark souls elements fundamentally ruin the game and make it unbearable
This comment is inspired by my other comments in other videos on youtube with a bit of comments I did in some blogs. Is a strand type comment of some sorts.
Game journalists compare everything to Dark Souls because they're so shit at games that everything might as well be Dark Souls difficulty
if you roll and get punished for dying its a dark souls game no other game is allowed to do that
The games satire king
Thank you Dark Souls
This comment has a little bit of a reference to Ayundaru and MisterDanny while incorporating the post-meta vibes of Bxrry and the harsh but exaggerated realism of Cynarek.
You should check out Deep Rock Galactic Dunk, I would love to see your opinions?
I liked the part where dunkey went into depth and that one part with the thing. 5/7 perfect score
Every game is either based on Dark Souls, Devil May Cry, Mario, Zelda or Pokemon
Moral of the story: Stop buying and playing all this dog shit and go play Zelda/Dark Souls
can we give shadow of the colossus some love for being the first type of that style of climbing and not zelda?
Can't tell you enough how much I loved this video
Game: *has puzzles in it* Game journalists: "OMG it's just like Zelda!!!!"
This is why I only play strand type games.
The first person shooting gameplay is a clear homage from Doom while the health bar is heavily borrowed from Darkbourne Shadows Die 69 times
Nothing is more original than the first strand type game
I know what imma say is the reason why there's no originality in gaming, but what's the name of some of those games Im trynna play them 😂
Dark Souls is basically Demon's Souls 2 so since about 2011 every game has been Demon's Souls 2
The issue does not lie with the video games but with shitty reviewers who can do nothing but use references because they are too lazy or dumb to come up with original thoughts.
Deathloop really does have a lot of assets just ripped from dishonored 2.
Originality in video game reviewers
Somebody actually got so mad at me that they argued with me for days, writing an essay's worth of words in replies at me, because I said "Hey, why not let games stand on their own instead of holding them up to everything else for comparisons that ultimately make the new thing seem worse for imitating something older?" It's worth noting, this person holds the metacritic rating and review ratings of games as the proof of a game's quality.
Just like dark souls
Their is no such thing as originality, it’s how you  use these inspirations that make them appealing.
game: exists ign: it's kinda like dark souls
Breath of the Wild created stamina based climbing... ok.  Forget games like Shadow of the Colossus from twenty years before. Zelda is like iOS devices. The fans will drool over every new game and claim that what's being done is revolutionary and that everything else similar to that game is copying it, regardless of how long those similarities have been around in other games.
This video felt way longer than it actually is
im not a native english speaker, but im pretty sure i could write a better script than anyone in IGN combine.
Another Dunkey classic where he barely says anything at all
Same, I love Gears of Halo Theft Auto 5
While I agree that a lot of the games in this video are trying to reinvent the wheel, comparing these games to others in this way is an effective way to easily describe the gameplay/feeling/whatever that you can expect.
Descriptive shorthand.
This the dude that shit all over death stranding for its original gameplay?
A reminder that the only true original video game was Death Stranding and Dunkey hated it.
Games today are all just derivatives of the first true video game ever made which of course was Knack 2
I am gonna be real most of the games of this video are really good
Those where the longest 3 minutes of my life.
I get it, but it’s worth noting: 1.  games cost millions of dollars to make, and whatever is funding that wants to be able to predict if they can afford to make the game 2. Those vids and reviews work for SEO and for helping people decide if they want to play it 3. Why reinvent the wheel if it works?
Thing is, it's easy to make fun, but whenever devs try something new, people shit all over it for not being what they're used to.
This is why I mostly play mods for games, they're way more experimental and unique
All creative work is iterative in one way or another, it's just how these things work. Someone does something cool, someone takes the cool thing and tries to make it their own.
Me waiting for dunkey to elaborate:
Just call it a challenging hack and slash game. There are more games to reference than dark souls.   As you can see, this comment borrows inspiration from dark souls.
This is why I only play backgammon
*enemies have attack patterns that you have to learn and dodge* "This game takes clear inspiration from darksouls"
so the only games that exist are zelda and dark souls got it
All works of creativity are built upon the shoulders of giants and so there is truly nothing new under the sun.    However, this does highlight the often forgotten fact that game journalists suck
We thought we'd learn about game design but instead we get reasons to dislike game journalists
outer wilds was the last original game i played.
Why does everyone have to compare games to each other let them be there own thing.
This video clearly borrows some ideas from dark souls
How is someone new to video games going to understand the review if they've never played the games referenced?
It's sad what happens to things when money gets involved
Every game is just dark souls or devil may cry
Nothing is original, get over it
Thank you for this video so I can link it to every CSfrog or valve bootlickers in general about originality
These games clearly get their platforming style from Knack 2 and exploration elements from Mario's Missing
This video was annoying
Oh no.... comparisons. How lazy are these game journos am i right!?
So basically the only games to ever exist are A) Dark Souls and B) Breath of the Wild
Every game is just a copy of Pong
Meh. Moru donkeu plisu...
Civilization is roughly 6,000 years old. It is almost completely impossible to come up with an authentic original idea without taking any inspiration from something.
Modern games journalism, ladies and gentlemen. *proceeds to roll eyes into back of skull*
"It makes you feel like you're playing Dark Souls"
only one Knack babyyy
What’s the song at the more dunkey screen
These reviews take clear elements from other reviews. The elevator pitch is, take another review, and add in the stuff from another review. Fans of other reviews will notice some definite parallels.
I was taught that the ideal elevator pitch for a movie would be to compare it to one or two other movies so the listener could instantly get an idea of what you want the film to be like. For example: "Jaws but with an alligator" or "10,000 BC meets Superbad."
It’s got a little something for everybody.
It has a little of something for everyone
"dark souls" have been mentioned AT LEAST 12 times
Well, no death stranding review in this one, this game has at least this for itself
And just like the souls-likes I’ve played, I came for dark souls
Good thing We have Iron Pineapple out here to play all the souls clones so we don't have to.
The most recent game I've seen take an original approach was Echo, which incorporated learning AI and you actually have to ration what moves you use to outwit your enemies because they learn sharingan-style and use everything you've shown them next round and the same tactic will never work twice. The reason it failed was because it has a sheer cliff for a difficulty curve and you can very quickly end up in an impossible scenario. And it had an absolutely convoluted pile of trash for story.   It is HARD to be original. It is even harder to be original AND enjoyable, and so many good mechanics have already been discovered and implemented in modern games that it's fatiguing just trying to come up with anything even remotely close.
I was laughing at the first half of the video but half way through seeing more Indie titles I remember back to one of my professors while I took Game Development is that part of your pitch should draw to something the person you're talking to can relate to. There is nothing wrong with expanding on a successful gameplay formula and putting your own spin on them.
This says a lot about society
Ah yes. Modern gaming, either Dark Souls knock-off, Breath of the Wild clone or shamelessly patronizing the players. Remember to press the jump button to commit up.
Dunkey really just posted a Crowbat smh
"I've never played a game like Deathloop " He should play more games.
Me: man why am i getting more and more bored of video games these days dunkey: Me: oh right
There are 3 games and every game is birthed from those games. Dark Souls, The Legend of Zelda, and Skyrim
Theres no game like this one, besides these other games
Journalists also aren’t original
I didn’t realized I clicked on a dunkey video until halfway lmaoo!
"this is like dark souls. I know you hear that a lot these days b-" Took the words right out of my mouth
I actually really like the way that Under The Mayo compares a bunch of stuff to DOOM Eternal. He's spoken in such depth about its systems and all that when he references it later, it feels like more of a neat little paradigm for his channel than a crutch for not having the words to describe a game.
Tall Grass, Glide, Climb = BotW Linear climbing, chase sequence = Uncharted Puzzle Adventure = Zelda Difficulty = Dark Souls Action and combos = DMC/GoW Craft/build/block = Minecraft Killing big bosses = Monster Hunter Jump = Mario/Celeste any hint of hidden story = FNAF Killing bigger bosses = Shadow of the colossus Guns = CoD Being with a child = The Last of Us Put a chair = Animal Crossing Plant a seed = Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley
Dork souls
Video should be called originality in video game journalism
This feels more like a growing lack of originality in journalism.  Lately I've been noticing more and more game reviewers will describe a game by just comparing it to other games.  And it's really annoying.
In conclusion everything is Zelda and Dark souls.
I like Dunkey. He is so cool
Im so glad no one copy assassins creed combat gameplay
My johnson....takes penetrating inspiration from dark souls with a hint of adventure from breath of the wild
You know Call of Duty has clearly borrowed elements from Skyrim as you pick up the controller and attempt to kill things
every game is just darksouls
he didnt even have to speak lol
It’s just that, there’s so many fucking games released every month that if you can’t describe a game based on a popular games mechanics then we would have to buy it to know what it’s like right? But gaming as it is today we just won’t want to take risks like that so, fans of a genre want to know if the game they think looks interesting they need a base to say “well I like the way this game plays let me give this a chance” same thing
Let's be honest, every game has taken inspiration from TV's for putting visuals that change on a screen
Dark Souls really is the Legend of Zelda of Tony Hawk clones
“What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun.” King Solomon
"Zelda botw brought the depleting stamina while climbing" , meanwhile shadow of collosus :🤷🤦
we have so many games already tho i think you can find a game with completely original elements. tho the games im interested in are few in number so maybe i missed some originals but i feel like ive not seen an original concept in awhile
It’s crazy how this guy is able to only show videos with (almost) no comments and still be funny.
And Dark Souls took inspiration from Berserk
Wow this video was annoying as fuck
So everything leads back to Dark souls
Super Mario Maker Is a little bit of a dark souls type strand experience
Well Zelda is great, I don't mind more games like it. Okami is arguably better than any of the 3D ones.
this is kind of like your console tier list video with a bit of truck bridge video thrown in there
It's like Oblivion but with swords
This melted my brian
It's clear that dark soul is the most original game ever made
Watching this,  you see that this video is clearly inspired by Jake Paul and Bubsy 3D
Dunkey is the Dark Souls of Youtubers
so devil may cry is the ultimate game is what your saying
Not even gonna mention all those metriodvanias
It makes you feel like a dark soul.
Ever since I saw this video I cant take other video game reviews seriously
If it ain’t broke…
Anybody know the game name? 0:20
1986: "Metroid clearly draws a lot of inspiration from Super Mario Bros. because Samus can jump a lot"
Anyone know the name of the game at 0:20?
If you look at Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain with an open mind, then the influence is clear to see--it's just a much expanded but still shameless knock off of Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes.
"What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun." -Ecclesiastes 1:9
Last time someone did a strand type game it was trashed.
This video is like playing a strand type game at Kyle McLaughlin's beach house
dunkey i love ur reviews so plz make a darksiders 2 review i really wanna see ur opinion about that game
Despite how much people poked fun at it, the "Like Skyrim with guns" mentality wound up becoming the industry standard.
I was waiting for you to make a joke, but it looks like the joke has already written its self lmao
"Enemy attacks player"  *clear inspiration from Dark Souls*
My brain is numb now, thanks for the echo chamber dunkey
I'll never look at a video game review the same way again...
I love ya dunk
well if your making a new game, just keep in mind, dark souls, nintendo and capcom probably did it first
dunkey you know I love your stuff... but I gotta say it how it is.  3 and half minutes to make one simple point is too long. You could have used 20sec of that in a video to reinforce a point, but this is too long to be interesting.  love you tho <3
are you OK dunky? you only said 1 sentences
To be fair most of these devolopers for these games even say this during interviews lol.
There’s like 5 video games. Dark souls, Zelda, uncharted, Mario and Knack
damn this is like a dunky video but also a crowbcat video
why describe a game with mechanics when you can describe a game with games?
To be fair, it does sort of help an audience understand how a game plays by comparing it to popular contemporaries.
For a second, I thought this was a Crowbcat video.
This is like... 6 layers of alternating criticism
The issue I see is less about the 'originality in video games' and more about the derivative way reviewers talk about games. There are objective descriptions for the things you're trying to talk about in the games; learn to use them. You might wanna say 'Dark Souls' when describing one aspect of combat; but that term is gonna invoke a dozen different possible things in the reader.
Take a shot for every time someone says Dark Souls.
It's almost like people use things people may be familiar with to help describe new things.
Dunkey I fucking love you xD
This video shamelessly takes inspiration from Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts & Bolts
uh legend of Zelda 1 had swords and monsters so dark souls took inspiration from zelda :)
1:00 - What's the name? Can't quite make it out for some reason.
minecraft ripoff
all these comments take inspiration from those of alpharad with a hint of game grumps and that classic, distinct dunkey aroma...
In conclusion, hard game = dark souls
Originality in Video Games Journalism
So there was originally 4 games back in the Mesozoic: 1: Bayonetta 2: Devil May Cry 3: Zelda 4: Dark Souls All of the other games are just rip offs
if someone in the same room as me slurs dead cells as "borrowing elements from dark souls" im going to break their nose.
REAL TITLE: SPOILING GAMES
This video obviously takes inspiration from the massive hit "Spaghetti and Meatballs".
I'll never forget when I was playing Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate and my friend looked over my shoulder and said "That looks like dark souls".
new game = old famous game + another old famous game
This is Crowbcat of Dunkey's videos.
The mind can only ever reference the past. What is demonstrated in this video is a clear showing of that. I think it’s useful to acknowledge that all games are unique, factually. I know that’ll make many scoff, but it’s the reality. The idea that everything is the same is little more than an idealistic overlay projected over the top of what your eyes are seeing, obscuring your vision. Drop the cynical ideas, see things as they are… If you’re here to have fun.
They have swords and a roll mechanic? Clearly they borrowed heavily from dark souls
Today is really hard to find a game very innovative, I think that one of the few games I played in these years that give me 'fresh air' was Outer Wilds and Undertale of course (yes, it s a rpg but totally different hands on)
Let's talk aboutoriginalityin people!!
creativity doesn't exist without the ability to mix, mash, and pick stuff from what you have seen and experienced. but a lot of games are so blatant its almost an insult at this point XD
Copying of game ideas is more prolific today then it ever was.
What game is that? 1:52
Nintendo direct reaction vid when
i mean, they aren't completely wrong. I do wish they'd make more games that aren't literally just Zelda.
Dunky only said one sentence and still made a huge point with this video 🤣
This is just more evidence that BOTW really is the GOAT.
You just made me depressed in 3 minutes. Fuck game journalism.
Unfortunately that’s the nature of comparison. It’s the easiest way we identify with things. I think it’s helpful in a lot of cases, but it also causes us to water original new content down
Ok, so every game is like Zelda or Dark Souls. Got it.
It's da fucking story dat counts
I was gonna like this but it made me sad so I don't feel like it.
Wow! This video is dark souls of the videogamedunkey videos
bro the edits are funny and all but it would have been cool to see you actually commentate over this, smh dunkey another miss
what's that game with the cartoon marketplace around 0:20?
Enter the Gungeon! Never seen anything like it.
This video is my favorite rogue-like
Reviews are bullshit. Dunkviews are real.
what is that music at the end of the clip?
There is nothing quite like this. here are a few things that are exactly like this:
Are you just trying to see how shitty your videos can get before you start to lose subscribers en masse? Big drop in quality lately. This is just a collection of clips.
Skatebird is shamelessly just THPS but with birds. But I'm all for it.
Thank you for this😆
Your not dark souls if you don't have a loose xp system
Dark Souls is the Jesus Christ of videogames
Thank you dark souls
2021 got a lot of inspiration from darksouls, with a depleating stamina and health from zelda breath of the wild  That is also clearly shown from the fifty fifty hit or miss life or death gambling adiction from ea AAA games, this is truly a remarkable year number to draw in new players to know how fuxked up this hole idea is  Next on Nintendo>
You can dodge in the game? Yeah its ripping off dark souls. You can lock onto enemies? Yeah you're ripping off Zelda. Like what
I feel like this makes me hate video game journalism more than video games
I feel like it's not that games don't have originality anymore (most don't) but that game journalist/reviewers can't come up with a review without calling it something else I mean its fine to compare but when you compare a game and call it a knock off because they are the same genre thats a problem.
All I hear is Dark Souls
Google razorwraith 👻🤘🏾☠️😈🌚🌍🌜🌛☄️🌹🌋🌐🌑
Some of the shit these reviewers say is outrageous.
1:38 when I heard about a game that has top-down fighting and power-ups called hades with swords, underground setting and treasure I said this sounds a little bit like a Diablo rip-off
The game make you "feel" like Batman
and Dark Souls is EXACTLY what Castlevania Symphony of the Night would be in 3D. Fight me.
There are no new original ideas.  I think the problem is, is that if we embrace that we stop trying to innovate.
The Knack 2, it is just like dark souls, but Knack.
It really makes you feel like dark souls
Begs the question, which game DOESN'T draw heavily from Dark Souls?
People just use examples, because it's easier to explain something)
Dark Souls clearly took inspiration from Tennis For Two, a game where you also control things that happen on the screen.
this video is more of an indictment of video game reviewers being unable to describe things without being referential
So every game is either Devil May Cry or Dark Souls. Sounds about right.
its kinda like zelda
Jesus Christ loves you and died for you, repent, believe and be saved
thank you for uploading so much recently. I know it's very hard to comete without selling out and selling your sould. I just wanted you to know you're apreciated.
Maybe this could be called Game Critics Part 3: Originality
should be retitled to "originality in video game journalism"
You have a point but you also don't. Games do feel samey nowadays and it's not because everyone is ripping each other off but because they mostly use similar game engines. It's totally okay for many developers to make fantasy action RPGs but what's not cool is if they use similar game engines on top of that.
Not sure I understand the point being made here... is it that the games are unoriginal, or that the comparisons are unoriginal? Both? Something else? Someone help me out please -.-
With the exception of a brief joke in the classic Dunkey style, this video plays much like a video from the Crowbcat channel.
If you hold a sword, and can dodge, it draws inspiration from dark souls
*pc gamers:* wtf is "dark souls"
Dunky's still got it
but then you complain about death stranding lmao
A little bit of Zelda all night long A little bit of Dark Souls, here I am A little GOD OF WAR makes this your game
look at how hard these game "journalists" trying to make money
Fuck genshin impact, honestly.
Crowbcat vibes
I would have loved to see him trace the most absurd line back. Show that like Bayonetta is really inspired by Bubsy 3D
This is just a 3 min video of Dunkey telling us these "game journalists" don't know sh*t
All games are just a rip off of Knack ggwp
this video shows the action and energy of gam groomps, and a vast majority of its ideas can be attributed to Angery Moe, both of whom are real.
So... dark souls is the original game?
I’m jus gonna play my MGS HD collection again
We don't need originality every time. We need an occasional originality (or more like heavy reimagination, because nothing is completely original ever, since the dawn of humanity) to then spin it in many ways, explore it from various angles.
this video takes a bit of inspiration from cable tv, but cut into bit sized pieces sorta like a combo move in Devil May Cry or Bayonetta
Nah, its the originallity and "vast knowledge"of video games of video game reviewers.
Dark Souls is a 3D version of Diablo!
This video really made me FEEL like an original idea.
What's dark souls?
Is it Drama Tuesday?
So does this make dark souls and botw the best 2 games ever
I don't get these videos
I had a brain aneurysm don't ever do this to me again dunkey
Why does nobody take inspiration from Donkey Kong games outside of former Donkey Kong devs? Impossible Lair shows there's room for DK-like platformers.
It's that easy
In most of these games you can jump and thats where the insparation from the original super mario bros game comes in
What is originality truly? I bet if you think of your best example, there's going to be a prior work that inspired this new thing. This is because if an idea is going to work in society, it's drawing inspiration from already existing knowledge. Building on something can still mean something is original. If you then have this new original thing, people are going to compare it to what's known, which is why most (decent) reviews will say it's kind of like *insertpriorworktitle).  Having said that, this is shaping up to be a time of remastering old works, into something that cannot really be called new.
Not sure if this is critiquing the games or the journalist.
Nothing is original, cool, move on. Like none of us aren't going to keep buying these games.
This game really makes you feel like you took inspiration from Dark Souls
I see the point your trying to make. But nothing in life is truly original. Especially technology and code,  us programmers always work on previous code and build upon previous ideas. The world is like that, only when you come out with a completely new idea you then end up becoming a billionaire. Look at elon musk, invented paypal it was a new original idea at the time. But even tesla, it's built upon the car idea already, and other battery fuled technology
Every single game is either Dark Souls, Legend of Zelda, Persona 5, Kingdom Hearts, or God of War
I HATE GAMES JOURNALISTS  I HATE GAMES JOURNALISTS
yo anyone know the game at 2:08? looks dope
How dare these rodents compare their shit games to Dark Souls, they have no right
These people have no fucking clue what they're talking about
That guy deserves to be crucified after pronouncing Sekiro like that
I remember when Dark Souls ascended from Hell and created video game melee combat.
While I do understand what you are arguing here, and I do agree that we dont see much originality.  I also don't think you will ever find a game reviewer that will not try to find someway to convey what a game is like without trying to compare it to some other game
Shadow of the colossus is a breath of the wild clone
If you have any other hobbies, you would notice that this is quite common; to describe something as to look/smell/feel like another thing in the same universe. For example, a painting that it looks like a Picasso with brush strokes reminiscent of Van Gogh's style. Or a perfume that it smells like perfume Z plus oud. It is one of the easiest and most direct ways of describing something. It helps the receiver understand the reviewer and the object reviewed.
This says more about how poor the reviewers vocabulary is than it does about the apparent lack of originality in games.  They are incapable of talking about a game without comparing them to another game.  If you haven't played any of those older games, you'll have no idea what they are talking about.
If we go back and watch a Dark Souls review from when it was released, what would they compare it to?
this video was like dark souls
They keep talking about zelda, and I'm kinda happy about it
eh, originality is overrated anyway if you got a new idea thats not been done yet, cool, do it if you do it good, awesome but if you dont, so what just make good shit who cares if its been done already
OK but how on earth is persona 5 strikers like kingdom hearts
Don't know if this is more an indictment of devs/publishers or reviewers...
videogamedunkey is heavily inspired by mtndewisawesome 3951 Production with the fact that they both make videos, although videogamedunkey can’t quite capture the charm of mtndewisawesome 3951 Production it was a pretty good effort for a knock-off.
Every action RPG is either like Breath of the Wild or like Dark Souls. Even Breath of the Wild is like Dark Souls. Elden Ring looks like Breath of the Wild meets Dark Souls. Therefore, Elden Ring will be the consummate action RPG.
Demon Souls was there before Dark souls but OK
All these games are a bit of a mixture of Pong and Space War which really are derivatives of tennis for two which is a ripoff of table tennis which came from real tennis which came from hitting a ball with a thing which can be traced back to the neolithic period.
This video is definitely borrowing some inspiration from dunkeys dark souls video
You can just post anything cant you
It's a dark souls open world zelda mario platforming roguelike with jrpg elements and tetris minigames anytime your character happens to make a pacman noise, upon winning said minigame it transitions into a 1v1 fighter with shoot em up gameplay where a giant yellow sponge plays pong with a ninja turtle while dodging an obvious homage to earthworm jim that throws sonic the hedgehog shaped hadoukens at you while yelling "gonna take you for a ride!"
"It makes you feel like batman with a grappling hook in 1946 post war Russia"
So legend of Zelda is the only original game
So Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild apparently are the only existent videogames in history
How to not compare games to Zelda: "It's a 3D action-packed overworld adventure."  How to not compare games to Dark Souls: "It's a difficult game with dark and nightmarish themes."  How to stop comparing games to BOTW: "The climb and adventure system is fun and people should stop complaining about copying."
It's just how humans see things, like saying what books or films are similar - pattern recognition
Feels like a crowbcat video
We really love comparing shit don't we
Man... it's almost like the video game industry, run and taught by no central authority, hasn't managed to develop a term sheet defining various aspects of design the way other entertainment industries have - thanks to all the other industries being around for a century or more and video games only being around for about four decades - leading to coverage that must resort to simply referencing industry standard examples that most (if not all) people consuming the coverage would immediately understand.  Dunkey, as a game developer who agrees with your point, I have a proposal. Let's write an industry standards book and name all this shit.
There is nothing like these games except these games
Dark Souls
this hurt
Dark Souls 3 shamelessly copied Dark Souls 2.
damn, dark souls ruined video games
Ive never played a game like kickloop. Just kidding, I played a bunch of games like kickloop.
You can lock on to a target in a game and dodge.  dAAarK SoUlS inFluEnCe!!!!!!!!!
Tell me about it
Soooo...basically all games are copying Zelda and Dark Souls now, huh? I mean, truly nothing is EVER going to be original in video games. It's good to take inspiration and ideas from other games and try to put your own twist on them; without being a blatant knock off, of course.  I mean, can you blame the developers? Zelda and Dark Souls have innovated a LOT for mainstream games, especially in their respective genres too. Though...I'll say it gets a little ridiculous when everyone is saying, "OH it's just like Dark Souls!", just like back when Crash Trilogy came out, and every reviewer was using "The Dark Souls of "x" " to describe these games.
I was telling my friend about this. It seems like everytime you see an open world game with a stamina meter or a game with a dodge roll its immediatly pinned as a breath of the wild or souls type game
Ha, video game journalists, the jokes write themselves amirite
What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun.
This is indeed stupid, dark souls didn't invent anything new. All aspects have existed before, but those game reviewers won't shut up about dark souls.
The walking mechanics of this game clearly took inspiration from Death Stranding
Any game is a bit  challenging Journalists:Dork Souls
this video clearly took inspiration from the game grumps
This Video clearly is inspired by dark souls.
this is the zelda of youtube videos
this comment is like Ayundaru's comment with a mix of breath of the wild.
Breath of the Wild sourced most of its ideas from the American Declaration of Independence
Videogamedunky is a Micheal Reeves like youtuber with elements of Epic Meal Time and New Super Mario Brothers 2
People have gotten very lazy with their words and descriptions😅
Rocket league is inspired by need for speed and fifa. The boosts are sort of like kerby space program
Why is this game so big? The first game I mean
A nice video homage to crowbcat
Journalists really love to reference darks souls but we all know most of them probably couldn't even make it past the asylum demon lol
Dunkey watches Ign!? Cringe!
It would be cool if we had names for genres that weren't literally just named after the games or series that popularized the style.  *EHEM* Metroidvania Rouge-like & Rouge-lite Souls-like etc.
One of the biggest takeaways from this video is that voiceover actors for game reviews and/or trailers literally just say, "yeah that's good enough, I'll slap that on the video" on the first take.
I mean, of course almost every video game would draw some inspiration from Dark Souls. After all, it was the first game ever made.
I honestly really dislike when a game gets compared to another when it's really not called for, have to say I'm guilty for doing it at times myself but never unless it's blatantly obvious. It's just downplays any somewhat innovative product by so much, lazy writing if anything.
Basically, everyone is EA, Ubisoft and Activision, selling repackaged content year after year.
I feel like reviewers can't review a new video game without comparing it to another for the consumer market. It's sad that so many of them have to relate to so many triple A games.
"This game is kind of like this other game with similar game elements"" You don't say? If only we had words that let us know when games are similar to each other that might categorize them to let people know at a glace if it's something they enjoy, words like "Action RPG" and "First Person Shooter" or something crazy like that. Before you know it every platformer is just going to be called a Mario-like and every turn based strategy is a Chess Clone.
Can anyone tell me the name of the game at 2:10?
So basically, every video game ever created is Zelda or Dark Souls
ive never had a video get under my skin continually before
Hideo Kojima tried to make a game out of the box and it had a mixed reception. People(consumers) don't want new games sadly.
crowbcat released a video on the wrong channel
Almost thought Darksiders 3 would take inspiration from Darksiders 2.
Aahh....yes! Zelda:Breath of The Wild. A famous Zelda franchise that took a clear inspiration from Ari Aster's Midsommar.
comments for the algorithm skulls for the skull throne!
I think he's saying that these games are like dark souls
Just popping in to say that anyone claiming that Remnant from the Ashes was a good game is an idiot. Aside from being buggy and broken in many ways they totally fucked up any progression by scaling enemies based on your gear. Upgrade everything to maximum and everything feels almost exactly the same as it did from the outset. No power growth, no reward, nothing.
Zelda is just a genre at this point
Yeah, and have u guys notice that the new god of war game just looks like it's gonna be knock of of the old one from 2018? People are getting lazy these days
What do you expect? Every entertainment industry is the same. How many times has a movie plot been done over and over again? Why do you think that all Hollywood has cranked out in the last 4 years is remakes? Same with the video game industry. The movie and video game industries are not stupid. They know what they are doing, they are making recycled trash because they know that the consumers will buy it. They don't care about opinions or reviews. They care about sales. Its all a numbers game to them (pun intended). Hell even the youtube, music and book industries do the same shit. Every song, video and book that is made is just a rip off of another one. You can literally say that every fantasy novel written now is a rip off of LOTR or Sci-Fi books are just a rip off of Star Wars and Star Trek. Entertainment is just recycled garbage and it will continue to be.
Knack is original
Everyone keeps praising the visuals and animations in Kena but all I see is half assed cel shading and choppy/rough animations. I get it’s not a AAA full price title but that doesn’t excuse it’s obvious shortcomings.   After Deathloop got perfect scores and Kena getting higher than a 6, I’m finally dismissing all “professional” reviews.  Edit: got to the end, all “professional” reviews got right in the garbage from now on.
that you made this the day after Dark Souls 10th anniversary is a nice way of honoring it by offering proof it's the most important game of its generation.
Super Mario Bros. 3 takes clear inspiration from Super Mario Bros.
Why is it bad for reviewers to draw parallels from other games to give their audiences a better idea of a game they probably haven't played yet?
I don't really have an issue with comparing games to others as it's a good way to understand how a game play without experiencing it. But why does everyone compare everything dark souls?! This guy said Deathloop is like Dark Souls. I cannot see how
I fucking hate words like “robust” and “crafting systems” and “dynamic”. And these nerds say shit like they’re stuffing acorns in their mouth.
What's a dark soles?
That was exhausting lol
captain toad is the last smash character
Ign's just pathetic, such a big  name yet they do so little
i think its a good thing that new Games get developed with the benefits of older Games in mind.  sry for Bad eng, i m german
What is the name of the game at 3:00 ?
This video with all its games being mentioned, draws heavy inspiration from Gex.
Jason is in his Beatle’s era
I like this message. Sort of like a cringe compilation mixed in with some Crowbcat.
Good video. Shamelessly reminds me of Everything is a Remix video which has clear inspiration from the old adage or proverb 'we are dwarves standing on the shoulders of giants'
Welcome to a BRAND NEW adventure that is a little like Zelda and darksouls Kirby smash last of us doom call of duty  Also resembles a little bit of metdroid super mario and just a better version of amongus.
Knack 3 will be the most original game in the industry
Glad you spared splitgate.
How dare you compare “Biomutant” to “Zelda”???? UNREAL
Call Of Duty Vanguard's Sun Has Taken Elements Of a Flashbang And waking up at 3 am looking at your phone screen, so basically Dark Souls.
I don't know if we need more originality in games, but we definitely need more of it in game reviews.
3:35 video with dunkey talking for 2 seconds. low-effort
This'll get lost in the meme sea but fuck it.  We're at a point in vidya that seems a lot like a similar point that's happened in a lot of things.  Anime, cars, cinema, footwear, furniture, ect.  All of the main concepts and how they synergize or clash are pretty well understood.  At the least, the meta has become stable.  It's not hard to build a game that you know will be at least okay.  There's room in the margins yet, but stepping outside the comfort zone is risky.  And it can fizzle or flop, where your game will sadly be forgotten in the depths of the indie games on Steam regardless of how good or bad or polished it is(Antichamber, Getting Over It With Bennett Foddy, Radiator 2).  But when that risk pays off, you get a TF2 or Dark Souls or BOTW or Minecraft and the rest of the market clamors to fill the niche you created for the next 5-15 years.    So on one hand, I appreciate the indie devs who strike out into the unknown and create a beautiful, passionate game that delivers a unique experience.  And on the other hand, I appreciate a talented studio taking an established concept and polishing it to a shining, silky smooth gem of a game(Witcher 3, Doom 2016/Eternal, Super Mario Sunshine).  It's nice having something new, it's also nice getting a perfect version of something you already like.
YES PLEASE STOP COMBINING GAMES AND CALLING COMPARISONS TO DESCRIBE AND REVIEW NEW GAMES. JUST BECAUSE IT HAS A GUN DOESNT MEAN ITS LIKE CALL OF DUTY
People dont even know how good dark souls is... I would fuck it. Watch some of the speedruns and explanations on how its done, it starts off and the firs half you are like, " ya I already know this shit."   But half way through you go " wait, what the fuck? What did you say? Tripple roll mid air to not take any falling damage regardless of height? "
so every thing the last 5 years is a botw rip?
This donkey video draws inspiration from dark souls
Dunkey, one day there will be a documentary about you. Then, only then, will people be able to truly appreciate the uniqueness that is your content. Beautiful.....just...truly breaking the glass ceiling for donkeys worldwide.  Shoutout to Knack 2
Watching reviews of videogames instead of going in blind. Loooooool
Dunkey scratching that Crowbcat itch.
The elevator pitch for the 1979 horror classic "Alien" was literally "Jaws in space."
Then he loses his shit when something like "Strand" comes out and he doesn't get the appeal.
That's one of the best videos i've seen on this channel
this video clearly took inspiration from the game grumps
Thanks darksouls
I'm seriously curious about what Dunkey thinks about originality.
dunkey what is the game at 2:11
Well, as any realistic artist/ writer can tell you, there is no truly original idea, everything is a combination of previous ideas and experiences.
Video should be titled: “originality in video game reviews”
This type of game journalism takes inspiration from GamePro, EGM, and blends in elements of Game Informer.
"climbing": They are not only unoriginal, but also want to copy the bad parts instead of the good parts...
Guys solitaire clearly takes inspiration from legend of Zelda and dark souls
Good god, reviewers cant do a review without comparing it to another more popular game with similar concepts. That is to say that not all of these games are all that original themselves or bring much to the table. We may have hit gaming bedrock for a bit until someone smart makes something original again.
This video is like a tik tok compilation on youtube.
We all have to agree tho, jak 4 and the golden crab is the most original game made
Originality has a limit, you can only make up and combine a limited number of mechanics and styles while still making a comprehensive experience, go to far and you end up making a mess of a game.
This is a bit of Pepsi with a hit of coke and a sprinkle of Fanta and we call it dr. Pepper
The game really makes me FEEL like I take inspiration from hack n’ slash titles like Bayonetta and Devil May Cry
The moment you realize there is a genre called "Dark Souls-like" on Steam means peak domination.
Holy fuck thing are made out of other thing, really minds my blown
Makes you really feel like batman.
you think all these writers get together in the same room and write the same thing? “bro just make sure you change a little bit so the teacher doesnt notice.”
THERE IS NOTHING LIKE THIS GAME!  Except for this game
Extrapolate this to "Originality in The Arts"
This video takes inspiration from meatwadsprite
To be fair though, if you had to review a game every other day or so I think you would run out of ideas of what to say too.
Okay
How did you watch all these cancerous IGN reviews with succumbing to down syndrome???
This just made me sad, much like how you feel when you die a lot in Dark Souls.
These games clearly take heavy inspiration from warbutt, which is real life.
0:22 what's the name of this game which is more Zelda than dragon quest???
oh my fucking god he doesn't even need to talk
Man wait until they find out that Dark Souls is kinda similar to Demon’s Souls
d ark sloul
damn im so early to this video Dunkey hasn't even made a point yet
marketing
“Halo with portals”
i hate video games
FPS Games : *sweating*
This is why everyone should just play Bugsnax
I'm gonna play genshin
Dark souls is a bit like Dark Souls mixed with Zelda Breath of the Wild
funny man go beep boop... 10/10 will play again, best dunko
This is why dunkey should stick to making strand type games...
honestly im so ready to quit gaming because of how every game is just the same shit in a different package. its insanely rare for a game to come along that actually has anything original in it and even then its like 1 out of the 1000 elements that the game has and i loose interest quickly
''everything is a copy''
dude as a dev I find it so infuriating hearing people just classify games simply by comparisons
it's like game journalists don't listen to themselves before they post
This is definitely the first strand-type review compilation.   That out of the way, Genshin Impact really is just fucking BotW.
"Hades is clearly inspired by enter the gungeon"
Wow the dunk did it again, breking the game industry, im curious,  when will it come out the next dark souls, Mario 64 or gta?
This is why I loved botw, it was fresh to me.
This video pissed me off more than it should've man.
Notice how Knack wasnt mentioned here
Does anyone know what the game at 2:09 is?
Any game with dodge: Dark souls
Ahh yes, the new old Strand type game that makes you feel like you're playing a game with originality.
Death stranding is the most original game to come out in the last few years.
🌎🔜🔥B.C. (Before Christ) and A.D. (Year of the Lord) are timemarks everyone uses. There is no peace without repentance and resurrection. ⏳⚰️🪦✝️. No love is greater than in Christ the son of God💚 Accept His sacrifice today freely as your forgiveness , who rose again and will rise you up! Only blood can cover sin!🩸 Everything was perfect before man and angel sinned!
I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks every fucking 3d adventure game after ps2 looks the same.
Is this video about  originality in Video Games or in reviews? mossbag recently made a good point, in a video about how Hollow knight has gone from a rip off of Ori to the other way around about Ori 2. At the end, he summarize the issue to "These comparison that are constantly made, are good to explain to a player what to expect, but they're not always accurate to describe the experience, nor the game it's self."  I think the issue is the lack of dissertation of the writers to describe the experience of what it is like to play these games.
"The beauty of Dunkey's videos is a so called 'Mastapiece' in everyones eyes and I could not agree more. Whenever he uploads a smile on my face appears as if i did not know that one day we will all inevitably be gone and fade away from existance once the time comes. I honestly think that Dunkey is a great person and alway would be. 2.5/10 Im leaving a dislike." -IGN
Dark souls here ,dark souls over there
Great message
It's psychologically impossible for the human brain come up with completely new ideas. Literally everything is either a solution to a problem, or a mash-up of a bunch of different ideas that already exist. It's no shock that a lot of these ideas that are being mashed together are some of the most well known ones. It's unfair and outrageous to assume game developers are any different. This assumption discredits the creativity beyond the inspiration that is required to bring a game to life from an idea.
This made me wanna throw up
Originality in video game reviews*
Truth be told. You dont need to reinvent the wheel. But you can polish it, stick some rotating rims on it, improve the  traction, etc. The wheel was just a base to start from.
If I could describe life its like ghosts n goblins its hard and  unfair and punishing but if I could describe why life is good it's also ghosts n goblin. Why because we get to play that hard and  unfair and punishing game
Dunk Souls III was so good that someone had to make Dark Souls respecc for dunkey
In fairness that kind of short hand makes it really easy to communicate what kind of game you're going into tho: I *could* spend a full minute trying to describe a game as a top-down action adventure/rpg where the player advances the story by completing a series of dungeons with a heavy emphasis on combat and puzzle solving, but it'd likely just be confusing if you're not at least a little into games design or aren't comfortable or acquainted with language like that - or I could say, "it's a little like a top-down zelda," and get basically the same message across. You're right that at times at can seem a little lazy and far be it from me to pretend gaming journalism isn't capable of being rushed, lazy and shallower than an egg cup, but I think in this case specifically (describing games as similar to other games, yes, even "the Dark Souls of ___" thing even though it was super annoying), what we're seeing isn't because people are getting lazy, or even because games are getting more similar, it's just that over time as new games have come, gamers have developed more concise language to describe games in a way that their friends will understand - we started by inventing names for genres like 'platformers, 'RPGs,' 'FPSs' and I think this is just an extension of that: language to better communicate to our friends what a game feels like to play. I mean hell, speaking of genres, 'metroidvania' is literally just a portmanteau of two games but I don't think anyone would see it as lazy if you described a game as a metroidvania.  Now I get that this video is just poking fun, and I liked it too, I thought it was entertaining. But that being said, it would be remiss of me not to acknowledge what I find to be the greatest flaw in Dunkey's video here: that being that Dunkey is nitpicking and biased, I win, bye bye.
Oddly enough, this might point more to lazy game reviewing as opposed to lazy game designing.    Games are sorted into genres. Genres develop over time by innovating new defining features of the genre.
Lil B- *"CLASSIC!"*
dunkey is guilty of this too though...... 😐
What's the game on 0:20
Checkers is a lot like chess, except everyone is a little disk instead of a person.
Sexy echi echi's gameplay takes inspiration from sexy girls 3. With dynamic controls, intense storylines, and fast gameplay, it has a little something for everyone.
Every horror game pays homage to pac man
it’s a video game? Must be a dark souls reference, I do love me a dark souls reference
"Dark Souls is a slow, deliberately paced game featuring high stakes and limited storytelling with special attention paid to frame animations influenced by Buster Keaton's film The General"
This video makes me want to blow my brains out
Yes more shitting on IGN, I love it!
I got sick 60 seconds in. Like a tummyache meets a fever
What deathloop is like Dishonored? Who would have thought
Knack was the forefather of all video games
Some of these definitely are just straight up ripping off other more popular games but a lot also feel like the writers just don't know how to describe a game and are just saying "it's like this plus this plus this"
It has a little something for everyone
dark souls: the creator of all games
The new Mario Party dlc clearly draws inspiration from Battlefield 5.
He sees all...
Dark souls and Zelda botw here we go
2:09 game name please
Now I see why the video game industry is going downwards there's a huge lack of knack type games
Does everyone think Dark Souls is original?
I miss when dark sould was more of a niche, cult-following, difficult, obscure game series. Nowadays "Dark souls" is such a household title. Everyone and their mom has played a souls game and now uses that experience to compare every dodge, parry, weapon set, and unified but semi linear map design to fucking fromsoft games. " x is like dark souls" is the most unoriginal thought one could have in todays video game climate.
ye but Breath of the Wild ripped off of Shadow of the Colossus with the climbing stamina meme
and then there is lukas pope creating games unlike any other like Return of the Obra Dinn. I love that we have so many great games today
Basically, this is a review of most game reviewers taking a page from eveery other game journalist quoting every other hack reviewer. I am ready to vomit about this. The sad state of game journalism.
Dunkey does the same shit in his reviews
These must be IGN reviews.
Games have not improved since Pong. Pong is and always will be the greatest video game ever created. Anything after is just a failure.
"Everything is a Remix"
"What has been will be again,  what has been done will be done again;  there is nothing new under the sun."   -Ecclesiastes 1:9
Funny vid but I’m sorta thinking now, what’s so wrong with comparing games like this? It just seems like a simple way to get a point across. Obviously if a whole review is just comparing and contrasting two games that’s no fun, but I sometimes appreciate game comparisons just for a general idea of what I’m getting into
games LETS show you what we did....  reviewers = THIS GAME IS X Y Z ...  dunkey Originality <3
Well its not the  games aren't original is that we always compare them to other games game theory actully did a nice video about it
Wow the game I'm playing feels loosely like 17 other games. Yep its a carbon copy of every single one
In fairness we make fun of them but comparisons are an effective way to convey how something feels
*video game features any form of difficulty*  ign: so as you can probably tell the developers were raised in an isolation chamber with only a crt and a copy of dark souls 2 for 12 years
Game: has a fail state. Journalist: Dark Souls of video games!
everygame is now darksouls
Thanks papa
But where is Armond White?
Fort nite the new open world mmo rpg  battle royale just screams Dark souls inspiration think dark souls difficulty with Minecraft.
This video take a little bit of "inspiration" of the classic Minesweeper. Cuz you know a bomb is gonna be some where, but you don't know when.
Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved, you and your household.”
I have said "Is this like the entire video?" so many times with Dunkey over the years Lol.  Love ya man. Keep up the good work :D
eldest souls
Whats the game at 2:10?
With their controllable characters and hit detection, these games are a clear homage to Pong.
Wake me up when they make a Breath of the Wild game that plays like Dark Souls with the action of Devil May Cry.
Stamina Climbing was like in Conan Exiles.
I think you've just kinda pointed out the flaw with Game Review Journalists and not really the games themselves. At the end of the day, this is just the way they chose to describe the game and that's not the game's fault.   When thousands of games exist, its pretty easy to pick a bunch and use them to describe another game.
all this video did was make me hate game j*urnalists more than i already do
Zelda, Devil May Cry and dark souls are the elementary elements for videogames, every new game draws their nature from one of them lol
Fans of this topic should look up the documentary Everything is a Remix by Kirby Ferguson here on Youtube, it's a very interesting examination of innovation and creativity.
A random Cute 2D platformer   Ign:mmmm looks like dark souls to me
he made this video as though it's a recent thing when 'metroidvania' has been a genre for decades lol
Originality in Video Games or Originality in Writing about Video Games? A bit of column A, bit of column B I think
genius
2:10 had me
Love him or hate him, the man is NEVER WRONG
This video was inspired by dark souls. With elements of breath of the wild.
This is the dark souls of dating sims.
This video is inspired by *The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild*
You popped off on this one tbh
Anyone know what the game is at 2:08?
What is he trying to say?  We will never know
this video clearly took inspiration from dark souls
How could we forget the all time classic: "It's like Skyrim with guns"
Genius criticism about critics
Go to literally any ign video about a game and you WILL see at least one comment along the lines of "looks like _______"
I agree with dunkey, every new game should be a new never seen before genre
Long story short: Every game is based on both dark souls and legend of zelda
Biomutant is not as bad as people say
Top form
I found this video to be quite reminiscent of the " Video Compilation with a common theme"-like genre, a clear homage to Now That's Entertainment (1974), one of the first examples of video compilations.
High effort video. Nice
It really makes you feel like playing dark souls
This video is like a mash of Logan Paul and Leafy, with a bit of Vsauce sprinkled in.
My takeaway from this video is the idea that everyone is willing to ignore how blatant a copy their favourite game is, but is willing to jump on the hate bandwagon for games that they don't like.
it's the first dark souls strand-type game  -gex
wait crobcat is back 😳
People: "Why do you like Escape from Tarkov so much?" Me : "Because no ones ever done anything like it, its a completely unique experience" 0/10 dont play EFT, Bad experience, lot of bugs. Doesn't draw inspiration from Fortnite.
I'm very curious if reviews of Dark Souls compared it to any other games.
It has a little something for everyone
as you can see videogamedunkey is CLEARLY inspired by the legend of zelda and darksouls from the sword combat to the bow combat to the fact you have to dodge attacks. the platforming is also clearly inspired by the critically acclaimed knack series
What would the gaming industry be without nintendo and fromsoftware
Is there a single game not heavily inspired by dark souls?
You hear them mention any strand type games? No? That’s because it’s A ONE OF A KIND EXPERIENCE BAYBEEE
So..... modern reviewers like Dank Souls?
So everything is dark souls now gotcha
I feel like they are kinda right tho
Gaming journalist be like "this is the dark souls of x genre"
Death Stranding, much like Mario, really makes you feel like Mario.
Thank you to Dark souls for creating game controls!
From a reviewers perspective I see why they describe games this way. It's a pretty easy way to convey what it is like to an audience who is interested in getting it. And yes, games journalists aren't always great at bringing out the uniqueness of a title. But there are more unique gaming experiences now than at any other time in history.  But yeah Dark Souls comparisons are pretty old at this point.
It's not the games that lack originality, it's the reviewers and their lazy comparisons.
Why does it make me cringe everytime they make a comparison? Its not even that it necessarily is cringe it just makes me feel that way
Damn this vid really seems like something you see out of Dark souls
Is this originality in video games or originality in video game reviews? Think it’s unrealistic for every new game to come out of a vacuum and to not cross over or even take inspiration off of other popular games.
YOU CANT JUST SAY LIKE 8 WORDS AT THE END OF YOUR VIDEO AND FOR THE REST OF YOUR VID JUST COMPILE SHIT THAT OTHER PEOPLE HAVE SAID AND CALL IT CONTENT. this is a lazy ass vid. I agree wit ur view that clearly sumtimes games ''borrow'' too much from each other but fukin hell man.
Mario was actually the first Dark Souls game
this video is a bit like a dunkey vid
To me this speaks less about originality in games (there are some extremely un-original games that are functionally and thematically good and still just damn good games) and more about the current state of review culture. It's not Dark Souls' or Deathloops "fault" that someone said they're similar, it's the "someones" fault. If they just used thier own articulation instead of spamming comparisons they'd make a better review and one that doesn't show any sort of originality issue. There is an issue with originality in soem games, but this video doesn't highlight it because I mean look at the people talking 🤔😅
Yes, but Game A will always be compared to Game B - Z.
God it’s so tiring
monkey you should check out dead by daylight
Oh boy, I hope dounkey will not discover what is happening in music. Or in painting. Or in art In general.
This video is so ironic in a sense that it has no originality as well. Yet it is so unique and original :s
i mean i get what your saying but some of them make sense dark souls type is lit just hard combat. dark souls wasnt even the first to do it. ghost of tsushima is a fucking masterpiece. and although hardly original was its own.
"This video game takes inspiration from the game Pong and Tetris as it combines the elements of video games in the game."
I’m reminded of that one Simpsons episode; we wouldn’t have Flintstones without knocking off Honeymooners. Games take inspiration from other games. Developers strive to make fun experiences using well-known formulas.  Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
To be fair it's pretty useful when watching a game review to be able to directly compare it to games you've played in the past.
If your review is reliant on comparing it to X game, you're review method is whack and horrible. Urks me when people go "it's just this"... sure buddy, sure.
I honestly think it's more of an issue with reporting around gaming, they stopped using genre and game mechanic describing words and just name a game that's in the same genre but not even close. It's just lazy.
"So guys, I just tried getting my driver's license and it was pretty cool. If you've never driven before, it's a lot like playing Mario Kart except with fewer items and more realistic graphics."
This video really makes you feel like Dark Souls
This video has clearly taken inspiration from Dark Souls.
You know, if you think about it, Dark Souls really takes a lot of inspiration from Dark Souls
Knack is basically just Dark Souls
Thanks you just reminded me I’ve got a video game I want to keep playing it’s kinda like a mashup of Prince of Persia 3D, Mario 64 and Stair Dismount 1•
What's the point here? That gamers have a shared vocabulary of experiences that we can easily relate to someone who has played the same games, so they get an idea of the new experience? Every idea in history is "take x, add y." That's been the formula for literally anything. Is comparing games to other games wrong? There's no such thing as "originality."
How did games get made before Dark Souls?
Dunkey’s a legend
To be fair most gamers are 2IQ smooth brains who will only understand comparisons to other games
Game: Is an RPG and with platformer type physics Game journalists: So I wasn't able to make it past the tutorial but the game is basically Dark Souls and Zelda.
you should do a funny spoof on this video concept. review a game and just explain its parts using old game mechanics and where they are from.
All of these games mentioned are just cheap knockoffs of Super Mario Bros 2 BABY!!
This video borrows heavily from different videos in the end it has a little something for everyone not to mention you can really feal like dunkey during this video.
All this games are shameless rip offs of knack 2
whats the game in 2:09?
at lest mad mikelsens best friend hayao miyaziaki  has an original strand type game
Game devs nowadays be like alchemists mixing different base games to make their games  "Today... we will mix Dark Souls, Bayonetta and Breath of the Wild"
I LOVE YOU
Lets be real, all of the games listed here are probably far more creative and original than the game reviewers constantly comparing them to older games.
This is more of a "(Lack of) Originality in Video Game Reviews" than anything else.
classic
“A little bit of something for everyone” And good god, I hate Genshin for every inch of it being a blatant rip of BotW with invasive annoying video ads.
This is EXACTLY why I love Hand of Fate 1 and 2. I DARE you to find a similar game to compare it to.  A REAL unique and fun experience. The first DnD simulator of its kind.
Game Journalism nowadays is awful, they're extremely lazy and so hungry for clicks that they'll shit on any game that hasn't even come out yet just based on speculations, not facts. They also fuel fires in game communities, imagine the type of person who has to comment on every single gaming article about NMS or CyberPunk 2077, and even Fortnite that they "don't like the game". It's so insane how long people can hate games they've never played before, but gaming journalism reporting on one bad thing such as a singular rare bug in any one of those games and all you see is hate.
Shadow of the Colossus has elements of gameplay such as using a magic sword and free climbing with a stamina gauge is reminiscent of Breath of the Wild.
Not noticing any strand-type games here...
Everything is just copying off N64 Golden Eye. Classic.
nihil sub sōle novum meangingless video
Whats the game at 0:20 mark?
Take a shot of vodka each time you hear Dark Souls.
I think you mean, originality in video game reviews....
This will age really well
What is the game at 0:20
Do you know why they never referenced knack...Because no game is like KNACK (except knack 2)
I love this videos. It shows video game journalism is pure shit
Splitgate they say halo with portal
Shows how deluded our sense of creativity has become. Sadly it's also super difficult when everything has been done. I'm glad VR is developing more.
Where dunkey
This video was clearly inspired by other videos.
me: is this an indictment of video games journalism or about game design?  danki: yes
It really FEELS like you're playing Dark Souls
MAKE IT STOP THIS IS PAINFUL TO LISTEN TO
"Its has a large grassy area like breath of the wild"
Kinda what happens when *journalists* can't express themselves without quoting other games to save their lives.
breath of the wild really the goat lmao
"This game is basically Dark Souls." - videogamedunkey on Hollow Knight
Please make more MOVIE videos, The Shining video is a literal masterpiece and so is whiplash and la la land. Playtime is so good too, you should make one on another klassic Kubrick movie like A Clockwork Orange.
"There is no such thing as an original idea" - Mark Twain
It's because the new critics don't know about art. I started learning music because of SotC. I read about that game in a game magazine praising the soundtrack for about a page.... nowadays they only have the media but not the knowledge.
theres nothing quite like it. Heres 4 things just like it.
Seems like you should just buy dark souls.
Welp, if the inspiration is well done, I don't really care. Good video. Shows there are soo many games and many of those are using similar if not same ideas.
00:20 which movie pls Help 🌹
I’m a normal human named Alex.  My mom took a lot of inspiration from Dark Souls when she made me.
proof that every game is secretly just dark souls
Plankton: ALRIGHT I GET IT!
this video felt 3 times longer than it actually was
The game really makes you feel like Dark Souls.
This is a certified hood classic
This is a pretty common practice when talking about art. Not sure what the point is here.
I hate video games
Game journalist: This new game is similar to Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild.  Dunkey: These game journalists are so stupid, this game is nothing like dark souls or breath of the wild. but also why is every game so similar to dark souls and breath of the wild?
Darksiders 3 is obviously a rip-off of Darksiders 2 but atleast it's not as much of a rip-off as Darksiders 2 was to Darksiders 1.
Dune-key exposin' how da sausage is made 🤌
Did I just watch a Girlfriend Reviews video?
You said so much in this video w/o speaking at all, super well edited video
American's need to make unfitting comparisons makes me want let out a scream audible across a football stadium filled with crying baby foxes.
Dark WHAT?
I don’t see the problem. These are game reviews that reference other games to let us know what game it is most similar to playing.
Dunkey is the GOAT
Did that guy literally compare deathloop and dark souls?
Shows a lot of the flaws with modern gaming journalism
I'm stunned that you didn't include a single 'Metroidvania'.  But it kind of makes sense to use the shrothand of what other games they're similar to. Call something a 'Souls-like' and you immediately know that it's going to have some combination of third-person perspective with weighty combat that favors skill, a death system that sends you back to a hub and forces you to fight to recover your body, probably some kind of stamina system, and highly limited health recovery that's difficult to use in combat. You COULD say all that, or you could just call it a 'Souls-like'.  That said, there ARE too many games that crib this formula too closely. It's really not that different in spirit from the hundreds of card games which use a standard deck of 52 cards, and often only slightly different rules from other games. I guess the difference there is that you can play basically an unlimited variety of games with a 50 cent deck of cards versus having to pay 20-80 dollars (never mind the outlay for a console or PC) for the new hottest 'Souls-like'.
So... there is like 2 original games?
It’s Alway’s An Inspiration 😆🤙🏻
When I was in film school I was told to always have an elevator pitch ready for any script I wrote. And the elevator pitch was basically just two or three other movies / tv shows that my script would be likened to.
God I used to love Ratchet and Clank as well as Jak. Good times.
At this point they're just videogame-likes. It's all simulacra.
Damn. Dunkey didn't even need to say anything. I'm Guessing he's just shaking his head in the meantime, some of us are trying to keep it original and 100 buddy!! Don't lose hope!
This kind of video, you could argue, is in the style of Crowbcat. Not your typical Dunkey video? So whats your point, originality is great but isn't it true that a revolutionary idea is EXTREMELY hard to pull off at this point? Like, to make something without having an inspiration from already existing content is not an easy task.
this is why Americans have nothing to offer the world... lets just copy everyone else,
Bayonetta’s Zelda souls may cry 7: new funky mode
Now I’m depressed.
I hate this.
I think I get it.
Dunkey why don't you make an original game? I would buy that
Every time a games journalist says "dark souls" it just means they died.
Now do Nintendo games
"Originality in video games" *Proceeds to make a video entirely out of other videos*
"Just because a game takes elements from other games it can still combine them in unique ways"  Yeah sure that's why all these games look like they play the same and they're all going to feel like they play the same too, but hey it's your 60 bucks you constantly spend for the same experience over and over again not me. Glad streamers exist so I can let someone else waste money before me. Video games are in a stagnate hell right now and have been for the past handful of years and have all been different costs of paint on the same game. Most of you people in the comments probably play over watch so I don't expect you to understand good game play and design lmao
Every time a game gets released at its pinnacle point, the games made with less ambitious are ones to be called "copies". (Don't get me wrong there are flat out 100% shameless copies of games)
This truly is an original video.
This video feels 10 minutes long...
Almost a dumb enough take to make me want to unsub. Keep coasting on those past glories, Dunkman, this video was NOT good.
Ay y’all Sable feels fresh tho
I’ve never played a game like this, though it does seem a little bit like dark souls
I wanna see if that spell has also worked on Death Stranding.
It's like Game Critics all over again
well, nowaways gamemodes are consider as genres. Hope nintendo keep gaming alive. I loved tho how IGN can't even think about the game without bringing other games to the board.
Every game a journalist can't play is Darksouls.
okay, I get your point, but on the other end you then end up with games like death stranding
“Shamelessly borrowed from Dark Souls”  >game’s a 2D top down rogue like
good artists copy great artists steal
That's why I only play Strand games. Each one is more original than the last.
I think more than anything this proves how worthless video game journalism/reviewing is
Dunkey clearly have taken some inspiration from Dark Souls making this youtube channel
i really liked the commentary you provided on this one -toad
The twist is that Stamina bar came from Skyward Sword.
Comparisons are dead. Long live comparisons.
This game really makes you feel like you're playing dark souls
So did games just not have climbing before breath of the wild?
I feel like when they compare one with so many game in it, it's because they too stupid and lazy to think about the right way to describe the game.
This game makes you feel just like a real Zelda
Fuck I love noticing that some things look like other things it’s the only way I can navigate this crazy koo koo life
is this video saying it’s stupid to compare videogames to other videogames? even if it’s just for the viewer to have a point of reference / sense of familiarity?? really can’t tell what you were going for here. if you’re criticizing what these reviewers are saying, could you explain why?
The game isn't easy. Clear inspiration from dark souls right there.
Good thing you reminded me that bridge of spirits is a thing
This, out of everything, is actually cringe to listen to.
“every game I like is basically the same game as every other game I like”
games journalism was never good ever
Remember Boys, if he can climb he is Zelda
Every game is Zelda
A game journalist eats KFC and says it's similar to teriyaki chicken since it's both made out of cooked chicken.
Those quotes are pretty original still. They heavily remind me of game reviews such as IGN, GameSpot, and likes write.
This is the dark souls of videos.
what I dont get is, any game that allows you to roll away from an attacking enemy is "taking inspiration from Dark Souls"? I just think most video game critics don't have a shred of original thoughts when it comes to writing review after review of games they don't care much about that's why you get a lot of lazy comparisons.
If you're going to make money from other people's work, you should take 2 seconds to credit them.  You owe them that.
But do any of these games make you FEEL like Dark Souls?
This is art. Is dunkey criticizing the low-effort of video game journalists, who cant describe games anymore, and just compare them? Is dunkey criticizing the repetitiveness of videogames that makes all of them look alike? Is he pointing out, that most ideas have already been there? The interpretation is what makes someting "art", and it is solely up to the viewer to do the interpretation.
this just proves that we need more strand-type games 😔😔
30 seconds in and I know this is another one of those, where dunkey doesnt even need to talk to bring his point across. And he is SO right. Anway, I guess this is the dark souls of videogame critic.
Cuphead is a very difficult game just like Dark Souls
what's the game at 2:08?
1 is similar to 2, but 2 is 1+1. Likewise with 3, 1 reminds me of 3 because 1+2=3. Same with 4, as 1+3=4. I understand numbers.
Yeah it's almost like they need to quickly and concisely summarise the experience of the game in a way viewers will immediately understand in a short form video format optimised for user engagement and watch time on a platform that punishes creators heavily for not playing its own game according to the terms Youtube sets out for them.  Uuuhhhh I mean, Catchet and Wank 3 on da ps5 issa mastaahpeece.
This almost like Ninja Gaiden but someone is peeling your thigh with a cheese shaver
It all always has been Dark Souls.
A friend and I were just chatting yesterday about the lack of originality in video games, after watching the Nintendo direct. The timing is impeccable.
Just name drop every successful game ever to create engagement :)
There’s a reason I haven’t played any of these games and never will.
I mean, this isn't unique to game review and journalism, it's just how media journalism is like. Plenty of movie reviews in the past have said a disaster movie is "jaws but with x animal." Is it lazy? Arguably, especially when the whole review is riddled with comparisons, but it does paint a picture of how a game plays and feels without wasting a lot of time.
Everything is just Zelda and Dark Souls. This makes perfect sense
So what I’m getting is if you’re not copying off of Zelda, you’re coming DMC
this is more a commentary on Games journalism than it is the games themselves. These comparisons are attributed by journalists who are looking for familiar patterns to so they can package each game into a neat little labeled box. If this were a commentary on how games themselves are copying each other then well...that's kind of the ethos of creativity is to use a formula that works and make it your own, there will always be similarities this way but its not theft and laziness as much as it is inspiration and security of investment (video games are a business after all).   If it were so simple for the creatives to come up with completely novel concepts in a timely manner that are also fun to play, well I'm certain everyone would. But to come up with a one-off creative work whether its a movie, game or song it takes a long time because the artist has to plug their work into a constantly evolving zeitgeist. It has to resonate with people on some level for it to be popular. This is why we hear things like "it was so before its time".   This tells us that as the zeitgeist and society evolve, it creates a new blueprint for the next one-off game or movie or piece of art that will truly make an impact. It's because of that that we see so much inspiration drawn from one-offs like BoTW and Dark Souls. Because A) they still resonate with a current audience and B) they're proven to be profitable.  I think we're overdue for the next one-off masterpiece. If anything the way our society has been shaped by the pandemic and politics were going to see an explosion of creativity and art in all mediums.
great video dunkerz. excellent.
So basically. Play Zelda, Devil May Cry, Dark souls, and any shooter and any jrpg, and youve literally played them all. Gotcha.
Not a single strand-like type game guys. Guess who did it. Guess who was the man that achieved originality.
This YouTube vid clearly took some inspiration from a Wikipedia article rabbit hole binge
video game journalists :pepega:
I can be your Princess Beach
Original ideas dont exist, generally every unique idea we get is just a combination of two concepts we already know.
So basically Dark Souls + Zelda = Death Stranding 2
Thanks I now have cancer.
wheres dunkey?
Better titled as Originality in Marketing.  Comparing worthless new game to some other popular game is how you sell games.
Why change what works? Why fix what isn't broken? If dark souls is good make more.
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
This kinda made me sad
Was just playing need for speed... Had to constantly think about how much it plays like dark souls :/
I honestly think I stopped playing newer games i see reviews for because reviewers are telling me I've already played the games before.  This is I think due to a lack of vocabulary on the reviewers behalf and a distrust of the publishers on my behalf.
Swaggersouls thumbnail
Can't Twitter do something useful for once and cancel videogame journalism?
All games spawned from tic tac toe
Imagine working hard on a game just to have “expert critics” be like “it’s a great game almost as good as all these better games”
This video makes me angry because these developers try so hard to create something unique and just have inspiration from few places but to have their entire game boiled down to just a different version of zelda and dmc, Makes every developer feel like they have made nothing.
i mean i don't see anything wrong with a lot of these but go off i guess
so play ds and zelda and you have seen it all?
Thank god breath of the wild invented climbing with a stamina bar so millions of other games older than it can be compared to it.
If you backtrack, every game is similar to super Mario Bros 2
Originality in YouTube videos: ...
I was recently talking with my brother about how the games that are coming out right now do not take enough risks. No one is really pushing the gaming industry to higher level where there are SOLID games coming out that are unique and use elements never before seen. It's a shame, they now release partially finished games with a 60$ price tag and then add DLCs or updates so it functions. I just want to be able to buy a 60$ game which is fully completed, and has multiple hours of gameplay and I do not need to buy DLCs so the game feels more complete
Everything can be compared to something. I don't see what the issue is here.
I get pissed off at listening to some loser review a game like some people get pissed off at the sound of chewing
i'm getting boss baby vibes from this
What? You can roll in this game? Enemies kill you? There are bosses? Definitely a dark soul game
This video is very original, it incorporates elements of compilation videos and commentary videos while having a hint of dark souls mechanics
I mean the human brain has been wired to recognize patterns. But yea I do agree, newer games don't necessarily feel unique.
Video starts at 3:14
This game is in 3d like Mario 64 and Fortnite, but it also has a story like Undertale and God of War
BOTW invented grass, climbing, stamina bar, and gliding  Dark Souls invented dodging, difficulty, medieval, and bosses
i parrotted most of this stuff (unintentionally i hadnt seen this) recently in defense of trading card game video games and i know im definitely barking up the wrong tree on a comedy channel but to hop ontop of my soapbox  my defense was tcg video games will be appealing just because the idea is so easily transmitted on its own. people seeing a trading card game video game will go into that game with pretty big (and mostly accurate) assumptions of how it all works. they see it and hear it and somewhat understand it.  trying to explain psychonauts, how do you summarise that game to someone? alright so its a 3d platformer where you go into peoples brains and their traumas are the levels. orrrrr its like jak and daxter. its a way easier way to get the idea across without crapping on in front of someone and looking stupid.  journalism in vidya is seemingly under the same stress that marketing is under in that they have no idea how to tell their audience what theyre looking at. in advertising in video games this has translated to "okay, in the trailer, just bullshit. the audience will figure out themselves what theyre looking at." we see this every e3. on the flip side, journalism has gone "just liken it to its most well known counterpart." to take an example from this video, i really really doubt theres someone out there who has believed that genshin impact is basically devil may cry. thats simply not true.  video games journalism is stupid as hell anyway if anyones looking at them for legitimate advice on purchases let them run around in circles. the "problem" is video game ideas and concepts are seemingly too hard to get across to their intended audience, or so they think, at least. thanks for listening i have no idea what im talking about.
There's nothing like this soup, it has potato and cabbage taste with a little bit of chicken
but then kojima tries something new, and everyone shits on it, i think its clear why this is happening.
'I've never played a game like this. Except for all these games that it reminds me of'
game is like other game? but newer? ok!
Idk if this is a creator problem or if the journalist are just dumb as shit and don't understand genres.
the covid vaccine draws heavy inspirations from games like dark souls
Sources for the reviews in the video?
Not sure if it's games being derivative or reviewers having nothing to say. Maybe both. The same thoughts come to me because every new game is slowly becoming the same older game.
Could you imagine how much mental energy would be required to conceive an entirely new concept for gaming, and then market it as completely new, and then expect it to do well in Market without comparison
the video is sightly interesting, but i don't think it's anything worthy of much discussion. it's easy for critics to say their point by giving examples. and lots of the games are good, so i don't think bringing these games down for their lack of complete originality (impossible to achieve).
Those games look a lot like Dark Souls
Well this is depressing
Buzz words I hate journalists imma change it tho.
This video clearly draws inspiration from dunkey's dark souls videos
Brilliant!
My life is kinda like Dark Souls
3D game = Zelda  2D game = Zelda but no climbing Welcome to dark souls bitch☺️☺️☺️
Oh yeah, some game advertisements be like "it's like this other you-know-what game, but worse, so you have to buy it".
Is this shitting on games? Or these garbage reviewers? THIS GAME REALLY MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE DARK SOULS
this video clearly took inspiration from dark souls and you will be reminded of it every 5 seconds
All ideas are derivative. The value of creativity comes from the number and variety of experience you have!
This from the guy who loved to poop on Death Stranding
The criticism should go towards the consumers. If games like dark souks sell well, these guys will keep making them. It took way too many new super Mario bros renditions until we were even bored of those
That was possibly the longest 3 and a half minutes of my life.
So I guess Persona 5 is a knock-off from SMT series.  Originality is no more I guess. Day 440 of waiting for Persona 5 Dunkview
I am starting to believe is not always developers fault, but lazy reviewers
They're all just pong rip offs
i dont see what's wrong with comparing new games to ones you already know. the only problem is the game journalists giving their useless opinion
Get Eastward, it's soooo goood! Sure, if you hate story, if you hate good music, if you hate pixel art... yeah then don't. But for 24 bucks it should be worth a look. I mean it's a 25 hours game and you can return it if you don't like it after 2 hours on most online stores.
Lmao this is genius
Like they say..... "You're a unique and special individual, *just like everybody else."*
Speaking of originality in gaming, I feel Dunkey would have fun time with Hellish Quart.
You wouldn't believe how many games are being called "Stardew Valley but X."
I think a more appropriate video title would be "Originality in Video Game Journalism"
My biggest pet peeve - explaining games by mashing other games together...
From what game is the music in the outro? Sounds super familiar!
This feels like a drama Monday upload
Dark souls is just like dark souls
This video tilted me so much, games are just boring now
this video has clearly taken some inspiration from dark souls
Game reviewers jobs got a lot easier when dark souls came out
Insert surprised praise, followed by witty comparison, then lower expectations with another vague comparison, followed by vague criticism that ends in more praise
This truly is the Dark Souls of game design critique
Originality in video game essays
Ugh, my god. Fight fast? Devil May Cry! Climb things and solve puzzles? Zelda! Do you die and lose resources? Dark souls!
I’m sorry but games lacking “originality” is such a bitch-made take, videos games have been around for nearly 60 years almost everything’s been done now; the only thing you can do is use the source material provided and make it BETTER who gives fuck if its super duper original if it keeps me glued to my seat why does it fucking matter.
To be fair, this is just how art works in the world. Humans can only create from what they know.
"Elevator pitch" my god I hate business babble speak
Capitalism breeds innovation
IS EVERTHING FUCKIN DARKSOULS?
I love how he doesn't even talk yet he still proved his point
Notice how Knack was not name dropped at any point? That’s because it is incomparable, and the only original video game
This is more an issue with critics not having a single original thought in their heads than the games themselves.
"It makes you feel like Videogamedunkey" - VideogameSwordfish
it's kinda depressing
My comment is like DarkSouls of Ping-pong. Think about it.
I think that comparisons are fine but when that is all they give to describe a game, why bother. Telling someone to get "X" game because it is like "Y" just makes me think "Well why would I get "X" when I already have "Y". Tell me what is good about the game. Explain the base of the plot and the enjoyable features in the game. (Incoming car analogy) Leaving it at the comparison is awful journalism since I could tell you my 94 Grand Cherokee is similar to the new 21' TrackHawk. They both are Jeeps and both have a V8 but the TrackHawk has a little over twice the horsepower(just to name one of the obviously MANY differences). They are basically 4th cousins living in different countries one born to a doctor while the other lives in poverty. Yeah they are related but explain what the differences and similarities are.
"made me feel like spider-man" - IGN
Originality in Gaming Reviews
"SEEC KEY ROW" that reviewer though
I can't tell if this is a go at video games or at video game reviewers. Either way, I'm into it
Thats why we need Hideo Kojima
"Video games are kinda like other video games sometimes." Like yeah I guess if you boil everything down to its simplest form without any context but even then so what? Is it such a crime that a game reminds you of another game you've played as long as it still does new things with the same concepts? If anything it seems to me that game reviewers simply can't talk about a game without comparing it to another game. In fact I wouldn't be surprised if they're told to do that. Saying a new thing is like an existing popular thing is a very old and effective marketing strategy.
Need more strand type games
Play craftopia and know the true Chimera that video games have become.
You either die a dark souls or live long enough to see yourself become a zelda
VALORANTS COOL OKAY
A little something for everyone.
what is the game at 0:28?
I love how any game that has a lock-on mechanic is inspired by dmc
Factorio Arma 3 clundpunk
I think we can safely say that everything after darksouls is a darksouls knock off
Man said it's a fucking Hades knockoff when Hades is a fucking Diablo knockoff when Diablo is a fucking Minesweeper knockoff
ok and?
But then when games come out trying to do something completely different like Death Stranding critics tear it apart. Which in turn keeps others to the formulas that have worked in the past.
Th play watch listen podcast talked about this, and they revealed that the reason they always describe games in this way is that it gets the attention from investors better and can boil down the description in terms the audience can relate to/understand.
Dunkey, if you could make a completely original game, what would it be?
I feel that this video is more like a critique towards game critics that abuse comparisons between games -note the word abuse, it's fine to do so every now and then and it can be quite useful -  instead of describing the experience of playing the game that is being reviewed, without the use of external sources. Something that bothered me (and probably shouldn't) is saying that the climbing and stamina mechanics resemble the one in BotW when, in fact, we have seen this before in SotC (perhaps even earlier?), for example. This fact bothers me due to the lack of knowledge, experience, or just plain laziness of the reviewers by choosing to refer to whatever is most recent and has made a breakthrough.  To some extent, I feel that doing this repeatedly is a disservice. As a consumer of a review, I am not interested in what this game resembles, but I am interested in how does it feel to play it and its own merits, despite being similar to an alternative in the market. Since I am not a snowflake, I think that some of you might agree with what I am trying to convey.  Of course, some games are just plain copies, like the one in 1:30.
Dunkey is slowly becoming the black crowbcat   ..
There is still only one strand type game though
None of them mentioned BotW borrows that climbing from Shadow of Colossus
Genres exist and people use references to make things easily understandable, is what this should have been titled.
There's no such thing as originality, all ideas are combinations of other ideas.
So it's either dark souls or breath of the wild, uh ? I'll go breath of the wild
Knack 2, GAME OF THE YEAR, BaybEEE
Its like an combination between Mario Galaxy, Dark Souls and Tetris 👍
So everygame is zelda and dark souls.
Dunkey, thanks to you, I'm done with video games. I'm gonna burn my PC and PS4 and back to playing Beyblade until I'm old and die.
Honestly I don't think this is a bad thing. Like I grew up playing fallout but then when Skyrim came out I was able to jump Right in because it was so similar. Honestly I hope all Bethesda games are similar in that way so I don't have to learn a million new systems every time they launch a new IP.
Videogames are the Dark Souls of artistic mediums
More like "originality in reviews"
Dunkey is like the dark souls of youtubers
Tetris is kinda like dark souls because in both games you have to press buttons
Lol .
Wow, this game really makes FEEL like I AM, playing zelda.
This is like the dark souls of dunkey videos
tbh every game is just an E.T for the atarii knock off.  zelda botw? 3D E.T mario party? boardgame E.T fifa 21? sporty E.T dark souls? the dark souls of E.T games cheggers party quiz? E.T spiritual successor  and that's the secret of life
Jesus Christ, I wish this video was delayed 12 hours so he could have gotten "Chocobo GP" in it. Or, y'know, Final Fantasy essentially duping Mario Kart 64.
Amazing how they can mix such different kind of games... Did they got genre right even?
this game is like family guy with naruto quagmire
With their controllable characters and hit detection, these games are a clear homage to Pong.
None of these people are wrong, though.
What I’m getting is every game is basically dark souls
Ahh yes, the two genders: Zelda and Dark Souls
the new 'metroidvania' ?
Miyazaki be like: no need to thank me for creating a new comparison other than zelda dmc
This kinda reminds me of why I hate the term metroidvania
if you need to say "this game is just like this game" in order to describe it; you're not a good journalist.
wait, wait, wait. Are you telling me all art is derivative? Mind. Blown.
Meanwhile no one game was inspired from SUPER MARIO BROTHER 2  I am sure it affected Dunkey
This game has a story, clearly paying homage to one of the first stories ever written “If You Give A Mouse A Cookie”.
You gotta cut some though. Thousands of games after decades of making them- it’s difficult to make something entirely new.
1:28 it’s ironic since curse of the dead gods was in early access before hades was lol. It’s just that curse of the dead gods had smaller developers and took longer to finish than hades did
"This video game review isn't like the others- other than the fact that it totally is"   Video Game Journalists
This video seems inspired by your Video game critics video
I know it's kinda lame, but it is faster to make such comparisons than saying "this action-oriented, stamina based, high risk and reward dark fantasy game with RPG elements" or "like dark souls". Yea Dark Souls didn't invent the wheel, but helped popularize it.
skyrim with guns
fuckinnnn Got EM!!!
How about some originality in game reviews...
Reminds me of when every single shooter that was released for a decade was a Doom clone because the FPS genre hadn’t been named yet. Or DOTA clones before MOBA was named. Dark Souls and Zelda have apparently defined action RPG sub genres that need a real name
"The Video Game 2: Rehashlicboogaloo"
All I got was that it has a little something for everyone
I’m getting tired of seeing dunkey videos but he never says anything. It’s just the same joke for 3 minutes
I cannot believe they said darksiders 2 or whatever, the one you play as war, was like god of war or zelda, I do not agree with that at all
good vid reminds me abit of another video
This video is a complete ripoff of Knack 2, in that it's a mastapiece
Creating an entierly new gaming experience is has hard has creating a new music genre, its not impossible, but its quite rare.
I don't really get the point of this one, every game draws inspiration from somewhere because developers play games and are clearly influenced by their favorites or things currently popular. We make comparisons to help people quickly better understand the type of game they're getting into using our own experiences, just like with music or movies or whatever, even if sometimes it can be a bit of a reach. It might seem like people reference Dark Souls all the time to the point of absurdity, but maybe it's simply because that game has been so obscenely influential that it actually IS inspiring this many games.
@2:45 Reminded me of Mario 64
Dark souls is like none of these bum ass games just sayin
Dark souls, and Zelda.  Come on guys clearly no one has played gecks.
They are also about to just start only remaking old games it’s just going to turn into the movie industry
You know. I’ve always said Bubsy 3D takes inspiration from Dark Souls. The combat and constant quips are prevalent in both games.
Dunkey is kinda like combining Jontron with a mule
Maybe the entire universe is just a copy cat of Zelda...
love u dunk
"this game takes inspiration from old classics like .... (starts naming every game that has come before it) and of course, Dark Souls "
Never did they compare anything to Knack because that's truly an original game.
Ms Pac-Man borrows heavily from games like Dark Souls and Zelda
This is why we only watch Dunk reviews.
I want a compilation of people comparing games to dark souls
Earlier:  "Wahh, I don't like Death Stranding, it need more Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild"
Every game is Zelda
Game promotion
Honestly at one point i was expecting someone saying how breath of the wild 2 is going be deeply inspired by breath of the wild.
i think it says more about BS reviews
Maybe it’s the reviewers that need to learn to not all say the same shit over and over.
as an indie dev I'm just glad I'm making only the second strand-type game
These people never heard of a genre huh?
up up up
I think another thing that worsens this trend is the ,well-known, and clearly well documented, lack in video game "journalism". There are no standards, no creativity, and no real push to change the status-quo, and that leaves us here. I'll stick to your channel and some of that sweet, sweet Zero-Punctuation.
I’m just sick of BOTW copies; the devs should at least make original mechanics instead of coping the Botw ones 1 to 1
What was DMC inspired by?
It has a little something for everything
I still find it hard to believe that dunkey voice acting had improve a little too much
"I've never played a game like this one" "now I have played games similar to it"
Bruh, there's so many games out there it's very easy to have an idea inspired from or just similar to the plethora of games already released.   I find it's always a question of how much it *isn't* like X or Y games versus how much is it from it's own idea.  Sometimes, it's two common ideas but now smashed together making something unique (ex: Rocket League being a football game with cars).
I think Devil May Cry was inspired by Batman, DMC really makes you FEEL like Dante.
yo what song is this at the end??
there is nothinglike *insert name* a little bit of *name* *name* *name* buuuuuuuut there is nothinglike *insert name* . smh the only thingoriginal is their name  I'll stick with my old n64 games.
This video clearly takes inspiration from dark souls
Video games aren't art, they're the only media where no one can take "inspiration" from another product without being a knockoff
There's only one strand type game Kojima
Would have liked an actual video this month
I have been waiting for someone to say it for so long now (unless this isn't the point of this video) All people do is compare game to game. There is no new features, no new gameplay, no new anything. It's all just another game and "heavily inspired". But the problems start when games get called worse versions of the game they were "heavily inspired by". Just play the F'ing game and enjoy it. Notice the influence and move on it's not meant to be your long awaited sequel or be on par with some triple a game you obsessed over.
I feel like after playing BOTW and Genshin Impact, I can safely say that while the initial impression is that Genshin is like BOTW, after the initial part you realize they are not the same. BOTW is far more expansive, with way more world changing tools (tools that help you explore) as well as much harder game play. Genshin has permanent, non breakable weapons, the ability to switch with 4 characters on the fly, elemental reactions, gatcha systems, the list goes on and on. Just because one game has a similar movement system doesnt make it a clone. I feel like reviewers use these comparisons as a way to try to relate the game to the viewer, however as inaccurate as it may be.
Originality in Video Games Journalism
To this community, please help my depression, on the note of Orginality, may someone recommend a game that is like: Skies of Arcadia Legends. I miss that game so much.
what's that game 20 seconds in plz
"Everything is a remix."
Crowbcat????? Is that you?????
What exactly is your point Dronkey? Do you want a game where you stare at a black screen for 2 hours and then it flashes a picture of a knife with peanut butter on it, and then crashes your computer? Is that original enough for you, Mr. ELITE AESTHETE???
Dark souls and the legend of Zelda are the origins of the universe, period.
This is the return of the "this is the Dark Souls of..." trend
So every game is either dark souls or legend of zelda
There was very big variety with games saying they take inspiration from games like Botw.  Then the second half of the video was just Dark Souls
I never played a game like deathloop before, here's some games Ive played that are like it
All these games have pixels so I associate them with Pong.
anyone know the game around 0:21?
everything is Dark Souls lmao, retarded game press lmao
I think this is more of a testament to the level of writing in the games journalism scene. All these people seem to have a vocabulary as wide as a fashion supermodel and their whole media experience fits in a tiny Ikea shelf.  It's impossible to create something entirely original because we are shaped by our experience and it inevitably gets into that creation. What makes Dark Souls the Dark Souls of Dark Souls is the remixing of prior game design ideas put into a concise and fun game in almost every aspect. Since journos have a limited time with the games they review, I suspect they're more likely to compare the game to others based on only the most superficial part of the aesthetics that at first glance can seem familiar to something you've played before, instead of their complexity and general game flow, which is how I think most interesting games differentiate themselves. Big companies notice this and that's why many AAA games blow their high poly-count load in the first hour and suck ass every second after that. Thank you for reading my bad opinion.  TLDR: Go play indie games and stay away from youtube reviews.
Gamers are all hyocrites, they say they want originality but all they really want is Dark Souls with anime.
Originality: there is none
This isn't always a bad thing. Just cause a cake and an omelet both use eggs dosent mean that one is copying another. It takes multiple established ingredients to make something new.
It is kinda crazy how half of those games look like reskins of breath of the wild
There's no such thing as Originality, neither in games or any other form of media, all things gets inspiration from other things, thats how it works
At least Sims 4 made a big step in my opinion. (Backwards)
Missed The Opportunity For The Intro To Say "More Horsey"
They all sound so annoying
Videos uploaded moments before history
2:10 whats the game called?
It's Zelda and Dark Souls all the way down.
Death Stranding is the only original video game.
Moral of the story : Play ONLY Fromsoftware games and Zelda
Imagine the same peoples say "We should change name for metroidvania/roguelike/soulslike genres, because to understand what type of game it is you should know Metroid, Castlevania, Rogue or Dark Souls" and than still compare all games to Zelda and Dark Souls
what's that first game? it actually looks cool
Its looping monkaStop everything's the same monkaStop
The world is poop
And people get mad at the phrase Metroidvania...
Yup, games copy good thing from another game to make it better. Making it way too much make the game look like copycat and look bad.  But for some super rare case, it just work (like valorant).
I can't never tell if you are ranting and shit posting or serious criticism sometimes Dunk
By reserving to speak very little, dounkey is letting us make our own narrative of the video. Reminds me of the youtube reviewer video game dunkey who does the opposite.
There is no such thing as originality anymore
There’s more originality in games than the “journalists” who cover them
My Tombsone will say: He was a great man, a little like Dark Souls.
From Software… the movie.
im so sad that people have just stopped calling games metroivanias and instead there a soulslike. cmon man, we can have both stop combining the genre.
This video really reminds me of dunk souls.
Why is this depressing..
This is really the first stand-type review video, of review videos.
I can totally understand why they would try and relate these games to previous games. Even if the game feels really fesh and unique, it makes sense to refer to certain elements from popular games so that those watching the review would have a better understanding of how the game is played given the games being reviewed were just being released in that period of time.
It's clear this video took some strong inspiration from Dark Souls.
can you blame them? the from games and botw are the best.
I fucking knew genshin compared to breath of the wild would be mentioned
These games only remind you of Dark Souls if you’ve never played Dark Souls… GIT GUD REVIEWERS!!!
oh yeah and Benjamin franklin just happen to copy a dude flying a kite with a string on it with a key to conduct electricity, except He didnt die.
Wonderful man. Getting all these together. This is the Michael Jackson's Moonwalker  of videos.
This video reminds me of the infamous South Park episode where constant references of "Simpsons did it first!'". It's hard to create something truly original when there are so many games that have already come out with every possible element/genre that exists. Just like South Park pointed out where Simpsons have created over 1000 varied episodes, so at some point there would be other tv shows with similar plot/references.
Not to blow your mind or anything but good features of literally any type of media are taken and put into newer takes on experiences that they fit in. This goes for TV, movies, music, games, books, art, basically everything. Not everything can be revolutionary, most great pieces maybe add one or two original things on top of stuff that already works. Art forms are compounding and it becomes more difficult to make anything original unless you want to make something objectively worse than another method. Why try to make a shitty system or idea in place of one that already exists and works perfectly for your purpose? Shocker of a thought, I know. And that's not even considering the basic fact that some ideas aren't possible due to time/money required or technological limitations.
Every game is just ripping off that other game. You know the one, all of em.
Meanwhile I've got a huge list of games that play in specific ways that I'm always hoping to see a new game adapt because the current are either dead, or dying, like Planetside 2.
I feel your pain, dunkbro xD You do not even have so say anything.
We can all agree there's no game like God Hand.
Genius! Original! Bravo every time
"Note to self: Strand-type video games really make you feel like the Dark Souls of Batman"-Gex
Originality in ____
yes; this is why i watch/love me some dunkey right here
games now days 😃
this is a very crowbcat like video
One hand: I like the idea that one games playstyle is very similar to another because it makes building muscle memory from the onset much easier. Other hand: Create some new ideas you assholes.   A side note- Lost in Random that is mentioned in this video is the OPPOSITE. The world is just taking an acid trip with Tim Burton. The gameplay isn't anything I've seen in other games before, though. With the crystal collection being the only constant of random dice throws and random card draws, mixed with action combat, it's hard to compare it to anything in one genre as this video suggests.
"It takes a little something from everything"  IGN
Welp, back to the SNES emulator I go
"It's like playing The Legend of Zelda at your childhood friend's house." -Dark Souls
God, the trend of comparing everything to Dark Souls really gets my shit rustled, like any of these journalists have played it properly. Have you seen those IGN guides?  Like I get tired of making fun of journalists, but
When you think it is just a hook, but it is the entire video....
compare Brütal Legend to anything. go on.
Even incredibly good games are guilty of this. If you really wanna nit pick, you could easily say Mario Odyssey's cappy mechanic is very similar to kirbys copy ability. Or that the towers of breath of the wild and the purposes they serve are pulled straight from far cry.  I'm not totally sure what the point of this video was, I just wanted to say I do not mind people "copying" other games. It definitely does not diminish the quality for me.
This felt more like a video on how lazy mainstream game journalists are rather than about games not being original anymore
thought it was gonna be an intro  wasnt really dissapointed honestly
I find it hilarious that so many games copied BoTW stamina/climbing mechanic, and that was my least favorite thing in BoTW
sounds like no originality in their commentaries instead.
Everything is going to be influenced by what came before.
I've got one game that I think I can attest is actually unlike any other game and that's Hypnospace Outlaw.
Open world game? That's breath of the wild  You can climb? That's breath of the wild  The game is hard? That's dark souls
DARK SOULS + ZELDA BOTW = ELDEN RING  How are they going to compare it now? The only two big references on their reviews are those two lol
This wa meant to talk more about the reviewers or the games themselves?
this game really makes you feel like batman
????  Dark souls is nothing like these games lmfao
A little bit of devs following trends, sure, but a whole lotta bit of lazy game journo's.
And here I am still waiting for something similar to golden sun :'(
remember when dunkey said there were 7 good games?  yeah
This video felt like 1 long intro
which brings us back to the first strand type game of it's genre
The New Super Mario Bros outro made me so happy out of nowhere
This might be why I'm not playing newer games, I've already played them in Legend of Dark Souls
There’s nothing wrong with this, the intended audience are gamers and they understand this kind of language. You could say it is lazy, but why reinvent the wheel in explaining every mechanic. We even called a genre “MetroidVania” because it is very easily understood.
I get what you're doing but the future of gaming is VR and everybody knows that but there are some original games out there and gamers know that even some new games now that are being released are still a little bit original
Sorry to say this buckaroo but there is no such thing as originality, everything is copied from something. Videogames are no exception.
Up Next: Originality in video game reviews
2:10 "Because Breath of the Wild made it so that's just in every open-world game now" I felt a bit of salt in those words
NONE of those games look a fucking thing like dark souls. Have any of these people ever played demon/dark souls?
I'm ready for Dunkey's critique of the preservation of gaming history.
If you can roll then it's immediately a dark souls ripoff.
Welcome to the future of games now
Chris Pratt is Mario
This video is clearly inspired by Sky Williams
I hate game news outlets. They should all be out of business by now
It makes you feel like Dark Souls
This video shows the infancy of videogames as an artform because critical dialogue surrounding works involve continual references to other works. The language for more nuanced, non-referential, remarks has not developed yet. I wonder when games will develop that critical language. Perhaps because of game's complexity as artworks, involving nearly all aspects of other design mediums, references will always be part of the dialogue in this manner? It is an interesting question.
Everything is a remix
It's impossible to be original now.
It's like they have no way of describing games other than using your typical marketing buzzwords. These people suck at reviews.
innovation for games died with the arcades so around 2000
Just because they make league content, doesn’t mean they’re Dunkey copies smh
Makes you feel like a gamer.
i mean at the end of the day, theres a limited amount of things that are unique and actually interesting to play, especially if you want it to be larger than just one mechanic
Tom clancy's call of battlefield global offensive 2 features the mechanics of the original far cry which borrowed climbingf from zelda link between worlds and puzzles from dark souls 2 scholar of the xrd sin
Note to self, if I review a game, avoid comparison to other games lol.
Being a game reviewer is hard work.
IDK why this came up on my feed, but I get this video
This video clearly takes inspiration from Dark Souls.
So what I’m hearing is that untitled goose game is best of the generation?
there is only 1 original game and it is " The Ultimate Challenge from Beat Takeshi "
@ 1:10 Onimusha 3 best game in the universe WOW havent heard that name in years!! brought back so many memories XD
Game journalism now: hard game? Soulslike. Open world with nature? Zelda. Open world with urban environment? GTA. Fast combat? DMC. Guns and RPG? Borderlands. That's pretty much every game right now.
*_elden ring released_* This is strand type point of click game where you rolling around solve puzzles, fuck bitches and just like dark souls in animal crossing eternal doom hentai
Dunkey Can you play skylanders
Okay?
Dunkey’s channel is the Dark Souls of expressing video game opinions
This video is alot like dunkeys videos
The memes
Why can't we just say: "game good 👍"
This video drew alot from franchises such as Zelda, Dark Souls and Shark Tale
Legend has it that every game is at least 25% Zelda
knack 3 will be dark souls inspired
*third person perspective game exist  OH YEAH THIS IS HEAVILY INSPIRED BY DARKSOUL
This video concludes that, yes, game journalism is an absolute joke.
everything is a remix!
Devil May Cry is the OG! Hideki Kamiya deserves more credit than he gets
dunko do a scarlet nexus video or i will kidnap you and force you to eat spaghetti and meatballs for the rest of eternity
It’s A Slow Slowwww Hand-Held Evolution, Boys.
Vido game always copying from Zelda
I think games journalists are just bad at describing things.
I don't really miss the overall quality of Commodore-Era games, but I certainly miss the creative variety of games from way back then
This says more about shitty game journos than it does video games.
Video games kinda suck nowadays... Change my mind.
Do people watch IGN reviews? I lost 5 brain cells just after this vid lol
For someone who doesn't really like dark souls.. there's too much dark souls
sometimes I wonder if games journalism misses the language to describe gameplay mechanics in a non-comparative way...like...explain Game XY without saying Dark Souls..it's just impossible these times :D
Thank you Dark Souls
So every game is either Dark Souls or Zelda
"This game has some heavy inspirations from dark souls mixed in with some elements of tetris and a hint of super mario brothers 2"
I’m not sure what I love more. The commentary on originality in games or the laziness in writing in games “journalism”.
Nothing new under the sun. Everything draws from something older
"Darksiders 3 has taken some clear inspirations from dark souls" Yeah there's no map
Forgot about Splitgate which is literally Halo with portals
It has a little something from every game.
Pong - easy to learn, hard to master! It's kind of like playing Table Tennis but against a Wall.
More like, originality in game reviews.
This man didn't even have to talk to prove his point
There is nothing new under the sun.
It's almost like certain gameplay styles and systems work really well compared to previous ones. So why bother re-inventing the wheel?
part of this is because bad reviewers don’t understand game design and can’t analyze a game in a vacuum - because they don’t truly understand what it is they are trying to analyze beyond a surface level. the only thing they know how to do is draw comprisons between other games that also bear resemblance on a surface level.
So basically we've got two video games in this world. Darks Souls and Zelda.
"Video games is the same" - Hannibal Buress
I need to play Dark Souls
I believe this is more of a red flag to how cookie cutter the media and journalism is now, more than anything. Let's be real, instead of trying to describe some of the experiences in the game in detail, they just compare it to something similar then tell you how they feel about that.  I'd have loved Dunkey to point out a new game that doesn't clearly draw inspiration from another genre/franchise. That shit should happen forever, otherwise how would one really summon the creativity to even make a game to begin with? Something has to spark that.   Don't get me wrong, some games are way better at hiding their inspiration than others but...I care way more about what a game is giving me now than what something similar would have or could have done. Because you know...I have my head out of my ass.
There hasnt been been originality in gaming since the 80s. Remember all the Super Mario clones? Pretty much just like any else, just take something thats popular and put your own "spin" to it.
This makes me want to get into making video games. I have so many wacky and out there ideas that are sure to flop in the markets.
Who cares if its original or not if the game just bangs????
everything is a remix
how is dark souls anywhere near deathloop?
I used to really enjoy donkey videos but you literally only had one line in the whole thing, I get the joke and I get how much time it might've taken but I feel like I just wasted three minutes of my time.  can we have more videos like before when you had a genuinely funny commentary and engaged with the audience.
ehh tish ish klinda the dark souls of NO ITS NOT DARK SOULS IS WAY BETTER THAN MANY OF THESE GAMES
This is the longest 3 minutes I've ever experienced
R&D: Rip-off & Duplicate
Chinese checkers is loosely based on dark souls.
So sad to hear people refer to BoTW stamina climbing like it was the first game to do it :(.  Where all my shadow of the colossus boys at?
Two games that I've played recently that imo were very unique are Outer Wilds and Baba is You. I understand why reviewers make comparisons but I wish they would just talk about the game for what it is rather than what it was inspired by.
What is the game at 2:09 ? Thank you in advance.
Thanks i hate it
So if I've never played Dark Souls or Zelda, then most of these games should be a new experience right?
Do you know Product™ is inspired by [all time favorite game]?
Sooo... Dark Souls and Zelda ARE the originals. Yup, that's what I learned here.
I wouldn't play a game if they were "inspirations"...
What are you trying to get at here, Dunkey?
guys, i need to know what the "dark souls but anime" game is
😢
crowbcat
Ok so if you trace it all back, everything leads to "Tetris" inventing videogame industry huh
Originality in Video Games Reviews.
Counterpoint: Maybe this is just reviews needing to draw a point of comparison? Even a minor tweak to a mechanic may need some serious overhauls to be properly balanced around.
Please play "Teardown" It's extremely fun and original
Did you know _____ is like dark souls?
Breath of the wild was inspired by the shadows of the collossus game because of the climb and depleting stamina.
Nice companion to the Anthem Legends: Exodus video
i don't like this type of videos
Every single game is either breath of the wild or dark souls. There is no in between.
This was painful to watch
These references are a pain in the ass
Shadow of Colossus?????
I am convinced that our reality is Breath of the wild rip off
It makes you FEEL like Dark Souls
Dude this is hard to sit through. Where did it all go wrong man
Thats fucked up.
Good video. It shows the lack of care most content and media have for the substance you can find within games. If you can't enjoy a game for the fun or interesting mechanics it has, and instead can only shit on it because it shares similarities to some other games then you're failing to provide a good review, critique, or breakdown of a video game.   If a game has a dark fantasy feel to it and requires repetition, skill, and preparation to succeed; you're right, it is reminiscent of the soul's genre, but that doesn't mean it's bad because of it, and the dismissive attitude that comes along with that shows that most reviewers are just phoning it in. Climbing with a stamina bar is a fun mechanic, and shouldn't be scorned in every other game just because Zelda did it, Shadow of the Colossus did it a long time ago, and plenty of other games have had climbing embedded, the Spiderman games certainly had the urban free roam equivalent, as did Prototype and the Infamous series.
Is this comment on the current state of video games themselves or the current state of reviews
Fun fact: no Ubisoft games here, everyone shitting on them and saying they copy their own game and others, but at the end of the day it isn't
It's one part Dark Souls, and one part drinking the tap water at Mel blanc's House
"There's nothing quite like this game, except for all these games and also all of these and this one as well. It's truly a unique experience."
Game reviewers back in the Atari games:  If you take tennis and mix it with TV then you get Pong.  Game reviewers before that:  ?????????HOW DO
This isn't exactly fair, We tend to describe things in relation to other things.   Even if someone made a totally original game people would still describe it: It's like X with a twist of Y"
This is truly the dark souls of youtube videos
so what tho
Why is dark souls so immensly overrated melee based games are a waste of money
Dunkey I’m confused with all of the nudity in your recent videos
because some youtube reviewer can compare and state similarities the game has to another game doesn't necessarily mean it was designed as a knock off.
I mean if you solely want originality then go play a poorly made and glitchy indie game I guarentee one of them will have an experience that is 100% original. I can understand how games lack "Originality" in how they compare themselves to other games but I also think that we have come a long way with video game genres and video game content. its like saying a books with similar stories are unoriginal I mean fictional books about cancer are unoriginal since their are so many of them but this throws the baby out with the bathwater, each book-each game-brings something new to the table and puts their own spin on things.
U sure it’s not just “Skyrim with guns” ?
Everyone is tired of pkayin good guy or bad good guy i want a game were you llay as a truly horrid person gta level detail and looks
2:08 what is this?
Cube world did the "climb anything" stamina mechanic before BoTW
Rpg games are trash and boring beyond belief killing shit and ruining live is a more interesting game concept
Nothing like but copys everyone else
All of those games really make you feel like Batman
Hes says ive never played game like deathloop... Proceeds to completely debunk his own bullshit statement
"I've never played a game like this before... I've played many games that are A BIT like this one." "There's nothing quite like this game... a game that is reminiscent of these 4 other games!" "We haven't seen a game like this in the past decade!... Except for Dark Souls and all games like it"  Video Game journalists are a really funny set of cats
Originality is a myth
So we can agree that dark souls rules then.
Basiaclly its all the stuff we hate about games that arnt even gameplay but to fill in times to get out of putting more enemies to fight
so dark souls is goat?
"Originality" can only be created by pulling from things that already exist.
Dang games really are just different flavors of the same things aren't they?
I understand the point of this video, but all I can say is the Silent Hill series is quite original in its approach to gameplay. Before I played Silent Hill 2 I had no idea such a “category” of games existed. Other than, of course, Resident Evil lmao
LOL stamina-based climbing? C'mon, the original was "Giants: Citizen Kabuto", I remember using the jetpack to climb on mountains (which was not a "feature" of the game but you could make it so), and testing every single hill to see how far and which ones you could get through using the limited fuel of the jetpack. Over 20 years later and here we are... hahaha
Throwback is another word for minimal effort cashgrab
"Today we take a look at another Kingsfield-like game"
But it’s about who did it better and good of war did it better
what game is at 0:28 ?
Deathloop is actually a little bit like death stranding which looks a bit like Batman Arkham asylum which was actually made by the same gay rattle snake who made Skyrim. But, but Skyrim is definitely a rip off from Minecraft. Also Roblox exists so basically death loop is a lot like Star Wars the very first phantom Lego menace.
all art takes inspiration from another source. this is why classical paintings can be divided up into eras. i don't really understand the point this video is trying to make other than he wishes there were more breakthrough geniuses and all content was 100% original? dunkey is a consumer just like me. neither of us have presented a genius idea for a game, so as consumers, we can spend our money on genius ideas. i don't think a video like this will change the consumer narrative. the only people who will resonate with it are the ones who are already not purchasing games that only reuse ideas. that part of the market is probably never going away 🤷‍♂️
"This is like that time I played video games at Nintendo's house"   -Gex
Ah yes, dark souls and Zelda are the only game exist in the earth
This video draws inspiration from a Crowbcat video.
This video clearly took some inspiration from Smosh, with some elements of MatPat throughout.  9/10
Guys remember it's illegal to draw comparisons from one game to another guys.
Game Jurnalism... Instead of defining games by their genre, we define them with their connection to Zelda and Dark Souls.
Didn't Conan Exiles do stamina climbing before BOTW? These reviewers suck.
See this is the experience I come to this channel for, it really reminds me of classic dunkey.
This game take inspiration from Pong(1972)
I love how it takes dunkel a week to cut together some ign reviews and still makes a masterpiece out of it
this only goes to show how games journalists are more and more forced to stimulate gamer's pea brains to draw reference to previous game they played. In the end we're part of the problem
Genres?
It's the fucking gamers and their need to get something similar to something they already like but a bit different, and devs who want to play  it safe appealing to an already stablished market. Whos gonna try to be original if you can just make another battle royale or whatever it's trendy or stablished.
This video is the dark souls of originality...
Never in my life have I heard the term "elevator pitch" until this video and now my day is ruined.
what if the real Dark Souls is the friends we made along the way?
Everything is Zelda and Dark Souls
Well deadcells has a roll mechanic and that's literally it
I guess devs are starting to not get creative and just take the easy way out or in my suggestion as time goes it's starting to become harder to make something original that hasn't been thought of before or that doesn't feel similar to something else.
Nioh is Ninja gaiden + Dark souls
The only unique game out there is strand type game
Pretty much saying whatever game you make, there’s already another just like it.
It’s the same situation with movies
"...the game disc is slid into the disc tray and played with the console's controller, _extremely_ reminiscent of Dark Souls."
Everything is Zelda
The first strand type game to make you *feel* like spiderman
Anyone notice at 0:30 he mixes up Outer *Worlds* with Outer *Wilds*?
All the reviewers acting like BotW invented stamina climbing without mentioning Shadow of the Colossus 😭
This video borrows heavily from content creator Crowbcat
Someone please tell me what that first game was.
Diablo II has clearly taken some inspiration from Dark Souls
I mean isn’t that the best way to introduce someone to a game? To reference familiar games so that you can point at the differences instead of explaining everything?
there are no originality after all we just copy other thing in all aspect.
Very cool
Without knowing i am sure every single one came from the magnific originality of IGN "Journalists"...
This video hurt
This is just reviewers being lazy as fuck
Every game is like Dark Souls nowadays 😂😂
Every game is Dark Souls....
Damn BOTW was revolutionary. Invented both anime and grass.
I want Knack 3 😞😞
My opinion Game reviewers should talk about the type of game rather than one game from that one type
We can all agree death loop is just dishonored remake right?
This criticism of consumer product sounds like Gamergate again. Consume product and get excited for next product. Terrorism isn’t cool.
Game: *EXISTS* Reviewer: Dark souls type game
My Life is Soul’s like
This YouTube channel has some clear inspiration from ego raptor and borrows heavily from an old black grand ma.
I think half of this is actually a problem about video game journalism. Journalists/reviewers are lazy in explaining the concepts of a game using their original words. But on the other hand, I also understand that it is sometimes useful to draw parallels with well-known games to help the audience grasp the idea quickly.
Zelda Zelda, Zelda, Zelda Zelda Zelda. Zelda.
The amount of Zelda was mentioned makes me happy 😌
this is like a crowbat video ripping on recent gaming review content.
I don’t know if reviews using other games as a frame of reference to quickly elucidate a potential player is emblematic of a lack of originality in gaming as a whole. I would watch a breath of the wild review and see if the device was used there as well.
Every game inspired by Zelda and dark souls lmao
Counter strike. The best game ever
This may seem at first as though Dunkey is criticizing these games, but in reality he is actually critiquing typical video game journalism and the canned language often used to discuss the medium.
Let it die is a good clunky fun game though
how is deathloop like dark souls? because you die? tf is wrong with you people
Quite frankly drawing a comparison to other games let’s the audience know the type of style of game they are getting into. And frankly a lot of times the comparisons are valid (Fenyx and Genshin are inspired by Breath of the Wild for sure) so I’m not sure the point of the video.
This reminds me of when people mention Stardew Valley in every farming sim review even when they're not similar.
so true bestie
game has melee combat every person ever OMG DARK SOULS
This is the dark souls of knockoff games
Every game derives from the Adam: Dark Souls, and the Eve: Fortnite.
exposed all game reviewers and i love it
All art draws influence from the art that came before it. Then you've got things like Genshin Impact which is just the same painting but worse
They must have all gone to the same review school.
its like skyrim with guns
This is the dark souls of making you feel like spiderman
to say death loop is A LITTLE like dishonored is like saying cod mw2 is a little like cod mw3
What is shown at 0:20? It looks like the Dark Souls of Professor Layton cutscenes.
There are people out there who like Dark Souls?
bunkey monkey chunkey
Atleast we know the games that will never be compared to another game... Dark souls
So god damn true. Its like everyone is scared to try something new unless its like game A or B. A lot of really good games get overlooked just because it may be a new concept and not following proven trends. We do this ourselves by buying the same shit with a different skin all the time!
This is the Dark Souls of Dunkey videos.
Ds3...do I mean dark soilds 3 or dark siders 3 YOU WILL NEVER KNOW
This vid must have taken ages. watching tons of game reviews and listen for such comparisons, ripping them then editing them together. the worst and most difficult part of which is watching all these reviews.
I'm developing a game that's Pac-Man meets Metal Gear Solid 2, and takes a lot of inspiration from Leisure Suit Larry.  Oh, and Lo Pan is in it.
many, many of these games _are_ original, and the comparison doesn't make them more or less compelling. yeah, mechanics and "big hard boss you have to precisely dodge and make hits" are shared, but why reinvent the wheel if it fits your story?  eg, Titanfall 2 "ohh its just a COD MW + HalfLife 2 + Mechs" might describe it, but it does not encapsulate it. i think yall know and im just rambling, sorry if thats the case lol
should make a map of what draws inspiration from what. god of war is like dark souls is like genshin impact is like the legend of zelda is like bubsy 3d is like dark souls
You either die a Devil May Cry, or you live long enough to see yourself become the Dark Souls.
Its a totally original game, that borrows from x y z. The irony of this statement LOL.
So if you think about it… every game is basically PONG.
This isn't even the game devs fault. This is the fault of game journalists everywhere. Who can't bring real criticism to the table, so they just compare all games to each and that's the most shallow game review ever.
It’s like one wise German once said: „Es ist halt kein Dark Souls.“
So basically every game today is a dark souls clone...
I want a new series where we review the reviewers!
It's funny that this is a dunky video because Dunky says 9 whole words in it lmao
Deathloop is the first dunkey-type of game
This is my favourite video you’ve ever done
"I've never seen anything like (insert game's name here).... it clearly draws inspiration from (insert another game(s) name here)" everyone participate
Dark souls came on 2011 , first Monster hunter game came on 2004 both have dodge rolling , not moving and being vulnerable while healing and third person combat system with good difficulty curve then that's means ds copied from mh or rather these mechanics are bound to be famous and these games just  implemented them nicely
i want a game where you play a donkey doing math questions while trying not to get run over by a spoonful of dark souls .. or smth? dunno, maybe even a game where you play a butterfly just flying around with their weird movement? anything really, maybe a game where you quickly have to roll cigarettes or quickly smoke them during your work break or something like a game where you have to write youtube comments that get upvoted a lot, maybe a game where you have to do laundry but it is in space with gravity and magic cylinders   how about a trading card game, but the cards are actual donkeys that have personalities that need to be wooed, how about a gmae where you have to manage a bar or a game where you look at eyeballs that roll around funny and you have to identify the persons  maybe a gmae with social credits, where you have a mask on, everything is locked down a couple of years still and you have to avoid being taken into concentrati---uhm quarantine camps   maybe a game where you are hiking?? oh wait.. dead straining did that
TIL Zelda BOTW and Dark Souls invented video games
yes, people are often simply dumb children who want different flavors of the same ice cream..
Yes, people will always compare a New Thing to a Thing They Already Know. No matter how actually new or unique that New Thing is. People have to classify and compare things.  And, I'd say that it's really hard to come up with something completely new, unique, never seen before. At this point. Plus, people are inspired by other things, so of course some of that inspiration will be in their own product.  Not to mention, people might not be willing to approach something they are completely unfamiliar with.  I don't know what this video is supposed to prove, honestly. Hell, even if something wasn't intended to be reminiscent of something else, people will find a way to compare it.
This video kind of like a crowbcat video with a hint of old dunkey
true
Its a bit like complaining we compare painting to orther paintings or music to other music of the same genre tho. Of course there are a lot of safe bets because company try to / have to make money but a medium doesnt just allow for infinite for of totally different expressions / experiences.
Spewing that Mario 64 wasn't mentioned...
Action Top down Adventure Puzzle Rogue like Crafting Game with dating sim elements and gravity puzzles. It feels almost like Gex and Space Jam the Video Game had an unholy child that was raised by Candy Crush
Clearly inspired by simple tennis game
Gaming is truly the Dark Souls of recreational activities.
So we have been playing only zelda and Dark souls for 25 years
Instead of saying “video games” we should just call them all “soulslikes” bc that’s apparently what they are.
There is truly nothing else like Pong, though it is also a shameless rip off of table tennis, with a gritty, dark souls aesthetic.
How can you make a video about something so true but yet so controversial.
The thing is that people are stupid. Marketing strategies have almost entirely switched over to creating a need for _insert product_ rather than satiating a pre existing need for something because people will act like they know what they want, ask for it, and when they have it, OF COURSE, it doesn't match their imagination more often than it does, and they'll complain. Pepsi tried to make a cola that everyone would like for a very long time before giving up and creating different tastes because that's how it works unfortunately.       I also want to say that the first darksiders game is an insult to human decency, god that game sucked
Just like dark souls, this game is a game
How did this video not mention Fortnite and Among Us? That's such a Dark Souls-like thing to do.
Big ups to that dude who referenced Onimusha when discussing the original God of War. I still say God of War took Onimusha and added quick time events. It was a great game and polished up nicely but nothing really revolutionary. If Ninja Gaiden 4 could borrow some of the latest God of War mechanics it'd be heavenly.
2:40  I’d rather put an electric drill into my patella than hear how another game is like dark souls. How do these people get jobs? These idiots writing these reviews don’t deserve happiness  Banal, vapid, hacks
The Australian guy keeps reminding me of Jim jefferies
Eastern European Dark Souls experience? S.T.A.L.K.E.R
People need to stop thinking originality can still exist
Just like Dark Souls
“There is nothing like this game”   “Here are 4 games that are similar to this game”
This hurt to watch
Wow even cooking takes inspiration from Dark Souls
Art being derivative isn't even exclusive to videogames.
The issue is more that reviewers are comparing every game to Dark Souls even when they're nothing a like, for example Dead Cells is not similar to Dark Souls at all. Also Curse of the Dead Gods is nothing like Hades.
So when i played dark souls i unbeknownst to me also trained for 450 other games
Who is talking at 3:20?
How dare you put solaire on the thumbnail, after what you done to him
I can't tell if this is a criticism of game reviewers always comparing games to existing games or developers taking  bits of other games to make their own
I don't understand what the point of this compilation is.  Everything in art is inspired by something else. And in games it's easier to describe new things using old things. It's like describing a food using ingredients or some similar food.
Think Zelda combat, with Call of Duty exploration, with dark souls challenge, covering ideas from Rocket Leauge, Street Fighter, with a Sci fi setting like Cyberpunk 2077. Taking inspiration from Ghost of Tsushima and gameplay elements from the Need for Speed series this new game is like a combination of Sekiro, Dishonored and No man's Sky....
Holy moly... Zelda is way too influential, when did that happen?
It's pretty clear Dunkey was heavily influenced by AngryJoe, Markiplier, and maybe a little Crowbcat on this video.
We stand on the shoulders of giants
What OST is it at the end??? What's the ending music, someone please!
What this video shows is not a lack of originality in games, but instead, lack of vocabulary ingrained in game journalism. There are references and analogies in between games, sure. But what's up with using them as padding for many news articles? It comes across as lazy journalism/writing.
the elevator pitch for elden ring is make it dark souls with tolkien/game of thrones world building.
Just like music or any other forms of art really. As long as you enjoy it, then it doesn't matter. But, for people that complain about originality, well good luck finding the perfect answer.
Played sekiro and bloodborne so I'm thinking of playing darksouls 3.
Dunkey video!
>elevator pitch  US elevators are outfitted with chimneys?
i want to see more strand type games
“A character walks normal.” The journalist: did you know the way he walks is inspired by dark souls, Zelda and Paparappa the raper?       ( I can’t spell the name of the last)
What did we learn today? That everything is the legend of zelda or dark Souls
I think that's kind of an unfair way to look at it. These games are all pretty different from each other when taken as a whole. Granted, some are very similar, but a lot of these are like saying, "Yeah, it plays similar, if you ignore characters, art designs, story, music, tone, and everything else, no creativity, 0/10"  Why does Last of Us part 2 play some similar to the original Last of Us? It would seem there is now nothing creative in Last of Us part 2, I win, bye bye
At this point IGN is just low hanging fruit
Ironically everyone attributes the stamina gauge to BotW, when BotW took it from Skyward Sword lol
Crowbcat is that you?
This is a little bit like Gex and Zelda with a hint of Bookworm Adventures Deluxe
I love when games themselves become genres of games.
I remember watching the IGN Deathloop review to see what buzzwords they'd use and dying a bit inside when they mentioned dark souls
I think it’s more of a problem with reviewer originality
There is only Knack...
Breath of Wild is basically a Chibi Robo knock off
This youtube video borrowed heavily from audio/video clips and music mixes reminiscent of Pikiman darksouls hades and zelda
Rocket League, Fortnite, and Overwatch. How?
And people say this is the best place that gaming has been in ever, because you got so many games to play and pick between. But really every game is like some other game, so the more games you have played in the past, the less choices you got from games that actually gives you a new experience.
Oh...Ohh! I see what you did there. Man. That took me awhile.
Well, this is the stagnation of the game industry, everyone just try to slice a bit of the cake by giving the same fucking game with different graphics, control etc, but in the end, all of them are just the same fucking game. It is really hard to find something original and unique in these days.
What does Death Stranding draw inspiration from? Euro Trucking Simulator? Elite Dangerous? Mario Tennis?
Funny video idea! I think the title kinda makes it seem likes it's about video games themselves being unoriginal, when it seems more about the critics not being able to talk about games without referencing other things. It brings up some interesting ways in which games as a medium differ from others. As in, filmmakers aren't scrutinised as much for adopting a certain style already seen in other movies, but in games there's always this distinct path from where mechanics and ideas supposedly derive from. Shows just how hard it is to really innovate and separate oneself from the common tendencies of video game development. Now that we're getting to the point that graphical improvement doesn't affect the way games are made as much, it's going to get much harder to be "original", at least for some mainstream games.
Dark Souls has clearly taken heavy inspiration from Bookworm Adventures 3.
Yeah so uh, this game is like that one game we all heard of.... uhhh 2 out of 10
“There’s nothing like this game, because it’s like 2 games”
Is that our fault or creators😭😂
All i've learnt from this video is that game journalists have no clue how to write a script and always fall back on "this game is basically just X" without actually saying what makes this game more unique than other games.
sad that deadcells didn't get the castelvania inspiration
how many ducks' souls do they need to really to be inspired for game-making?
It is pretty much impossible to do something fully original at this point. Every story has already been told by the Ancient Greeks, and the only reason we could call videogames original for a while is because the technology was evolving and allowed for new things. There is a limited amount of concepts possible, and you'll always find something to compare. Not to say that trying to be comparatively original can't be worth it. (also, what I forgot to mention, the comparisons to Dark Souls in here are mostly bullshit lol. "Oh wow it's hard so it must be like Dark Souls")
You know Dunkey's serious (or not, he has infinite layers of irony) when the video is a silent treatment.....
just name every game that got over 10 million sales
Is it the games or the journalists?
I feel like we're at a point where true originality doesn't exist. Sadly, everything's gonna be similar to something.
Last vid this.
Everything is a remix.
I mean, yeah, but maybe we don't have the language to describe games that fit: an unnamed genre defined almost entirely by one recent very unique game.  COD isn't a Doom-Clone, it's a first person shooter.  Genshi Impact isn't a BotW-Clone, it's a ... {new genre name}  ... jk, it is a BotW clone, bad example, but yeah  Unique, original stuff IS coming out so often, don't have a genre name to give to copycats.
What exactly makes people think of a game being inspired by dark souls. engaging combat where you could potentially die from a single enemy? It doesnt even need to be 3d? Is actraiser and zelda2 inspired by dark souls? If zelda OoT didnt have lock-on, would it be dark souls inspired? Isnt combat supposed to be engaging? I am lost
MASTAPIECE
Feels like a short Crowbcat video, still loved it nonetheless.
Oh dunkey... You did it again
Ironically this video was inspired by Dark souls.
I hate darksouls.
I'm still waiting for one of these hybrid  gameplay games that DOESN'T SUCK
It's called a 'genre' and of course you compare stuff to the most known stuff in that genre. It's with everything in life. Music, movies, etc.
Gaming journalism is peak performance literature.
well said.
Clearly untitled Goose game takes inspiration from Dark Souls.
thats whats good about most nintendo games, usually developed in a bubble
Everything is Dark Souls. Mario is Dark Souls, Anime is Dark Souls, even your cat is Dark Souls.
We haven't seen anything like this>proceeds to list inspirations
It is clear that videogamedunkey takes inspiration from skeleton bones goulie
I mean that's the same for everything, it's used in fashion a lot as well. Once you've seen the ways cloth have been made, everything else it just "new takes" on old silhouettes/patterns/etc. Coming up with something that's "truely" original is not really done anymore, most can find heavy influences from mythologies and such. I mean only really a few things are "new" like the lamp/electricity but everything else is often influence heavily or lightly from real-life stuff/places/history/etc.
I mean, their just trying to contextualize it to something the viewer might understand and have played before. Its a good way to give the viewer a feel for how a game will play like.
this is painful...JUST LIKE DARK SOULS.
Did you actually mistyped "originality in game reviewing"?
Did you know Dark souls took inspiration from Dark souls? Oh, and by the way, Dark souls took heavy inspiration from Berserk!   "There's a little Berserk for everyone" - GIN
Don't forget: if you have a weapon and the enemies don't die on the spot it is Darksouls
Thank you dark souls.
I would like one shadow of the colossus type game please ☝️
"We're bad reviewers, so we just say game is like other game, instead of actually explaining why said game is good"
Just stfu and play the game lol
Mainstream reviewer are embodiment of comparing everything with zelda or dark souls.
I know no game is completely original, but most of these comparisons just come of nowhere. How do you compare Guiltu Gear xrd, a pvp fighting game, with Tales of, a single player action rpg?
This review take inspirataions from other reviews
Age of empires takes clear inspiration from dark souls
It is pretty understandable - a reference to a known comparable game in a review is like a source in an essay. Problem lies in the lengthy stretches of comparison, or very fringe similarities, with no explanations as to what makes the game distinct. That, or leaning the whole review on this crutch, rather than forming a criticism of the game itself by its own merits through analysis.  So, given that most reviews OBVIOUSLY don't do any of that hogwash, the game review circuit is as pristine and useful as ever!!!  Jokes aside, it's funny how even to a micro level this happens - like people analysing mtg cards in saying "This card is just Bolt with downside." etc. etc. Humans love patterns and familiar shit blah blah blah
I'm starting to think game critics just haven't played anything besides breath of the wild and dark souls
As someone whose being compared to others by my family almost daily, every bit of word in this video itches my nerve.
It really makes you feel like a dark soul
a good copy is better than the original
Baba is you, that's  original
All games are doom clones
Wait till dunkey finds out about hollywood movies.
Everything is Darksouls Fortnite LoZ Botw
Reminds me of that one game
Stamina based climbing?...thats monster hunter!
Thanks A LOT for bringing up this subject. I hate how every review its just comparsons and comparsons
yo whats the outro song? straight up slaps
Man it's crazy how much discussion dunkey sparks without uttering a single word. (Besides the ending)
😂 so every game is just dark souls and Zelda? That's fine by me
And dark souls was heavily influenced by Pokémon
Is this a subtle hint of admiration towards Death Stranding? Nothing is like a “Strand” type game. We have you now, Dunkey.
Ok but death stranding is the first strand type game
Thank you Donkey. Now my hate against video game press evolving into something more unhealthier than before.
Sounds more like games “journalists” taking shortcuts for how to describe things.
And, go figure, Dark Souls was heavily inspired by the likes of Zelda and Metroid. Metroid Prime is also similar in influence to Dark Souls and BotW. I guess if you go back far enough you almost always land at Nintendo, and probably Shigeru Miyamoto.
Me and the boys was just talking how everything is being compared to other games especially DS.  Can Dodge roll or Block? …That’s like dark souls Does the character use a weapon? … that’s like dark souls Can you load your save data?  … that’s like dark souls  It’s like damn get off of Hidetaka’s Nuts. Stop trying to use his masterpiece to buzz word your unfinished copycat ass game. Make your own game, and be creative.
Bbbbbuuuttt, No one ever make game like death stranding.
Video Game journalism eloquence at its peak!
everything is dark souls
As someone who's made a game before, it's kinda insulting when people compare it to another game; as someone who played games, it's helpful to get a general idea of what the game's like; and as someone who consumes reviews before purchasing a game, it's frustrating when people compare it to games I haven't played.
I can only ever get half way througha dunkey video because it always seems like he's made his point/joke but he's just going to continue making that point or joke and nothing else
basically every game is zelda or dark souls
oh dunkey-doo, only a hunk like you can get away with saying nothing but saying so much... (wincing sad face bitting fist)
The games are still original, but it's just human nature to describe similar experiences. Imagine trying to describe a food someone has never eaten. Simultaneously, something doesn't cease to be original because it uses an element of something else. If that were the case, nachos are just mangled tacos.
Fun Fact, you'll never know what an original idea is like until it's already been brought forward, and most of the times it will be first met with hostility, or indifference.  Most of our thoughts aren't original at all, that is what makes us whole as a specie, but occasionally that spark of genius is what brings everyone forward.   In entertainment and art, it's always up to what a creator wants to bring out to the audience: Satoshi Tajiri dreamt the small insects he liked to collect  walking on a cable connecting two gameboys, thus giving him the idea of making the first Pokémon game, Miyazaki was amazed by the architectures and designs in Ico, and was mindblown by the western medieval culture, and wanted to replicate that feeling in his games, Miyamoto wanted to convey that feeling of exploring caves outside and making up adventures as a kid, and so on...  When the purpose is exclusively trying to make money, originality is an obstacle and a risk, a gamble that, ironically, bigcorporations aren't willing to make, even if in perspective they have less to lose compared to an indipendent developer/creator.
This video is more Gex than Octopath Traveler.
Everything is Dark Souls
Games journalism is a cancer on the face of the industry
"Thank you Dark Souls !"
Then again, it is hard to make something completely new
I bet for every open world or top down adventure game reviewers just have “X feels a lot like The Legend of Zelda” ready to go on the copy paste
Originality in Mainsteam Media
"There's nothing like Scarlet Nexus" "Except these games" Do these people even THINK before they write? I fucking hate games journalists.
Getting a lot of boss baby vibes from this
when i played cyberpunk 2077 it was obvious that they got inspiration from dark souls...
Interesting that I don't like any of the games pictured.
Well nothing is completely original. Everything is inspired by something that came before it.
Nothing wrong with taking inspiration from some other game. But yeah, I like to see some new ideas too.  Shenmue surely was a new idea, but these days everybody seems to shit on it.
I sometimes wish Dark Souls never came out just so we wouldn't have to listen to these people try to explain how a game is like Dark Souls.
What's this Crowbcat video doing in my Dunkey?
The first strand type video
This is the Chris Pratt of Mario
Review by someone who has only played Over The Hedge (PS2):  This game definitely takes clear inspiration from Over The Hedge (PS2)
Nothing wrong with that.
i fucking love dunkey! so good in video essays and reviews much like IGN!
what can I say, game dev is hard and also a gamble
Classic
I asked for entertainment not a reason for throwing my phone out the window
MAYBE DEATH STRANDING AINT THAT BAD HUH
Most of the time I really like your videos, but after this one I'm just infuriated. Pretty funny tho
I don't really understand the take-home message from this vid. Is it criticizing developpers for not reinventing the wheel every game, or is it criticizing the critics for comparing the game to referrents?
I saw a video similar to this on darksouls
I mean people like familiarity, can't expect every game to be groundbreaking and original, sometimes different takes on established genre are ok. And we're way past 2D to 3D transition era - genres are heavily established
Video Games are art which means they take inspiration from other art
I want to remind you guys this is the person who bitch and moaned about Death Stranding CONSTANTLY (even after his review) when it did something new that he didn't like. And what did he do? He compares it to Mario, even though the only thing the two game share is the fact that they have movemoments in the game. And then he made this video to complain about games don't do something new. You're part of the gaming community that is contributing to this issue, Dunkey. Why would anyone ever try anything new if they're just going to hit with a "this is an objectively bad game, even though it's just my personal opinion."
This is like a Dunkey video, without Dunkey...
To be fair, Kena is a lot like BOTW shrines. I mean the little black things even pop up like Koroks lol
Deathloop is Dishonored with kicking.
game has melee combat ?     JUST LIKE DARK SOULS !!!
I spent a full minute listening to this before I remembered this is a Dunkey video. Wtf am I listening to
Does anyone know what the game is called @0:21?
It heavily borrows from dark souls is a 2d game
1."Everything is a Remix." 2.Originality is expensive. 3. Originality is risky. 4. People like what they already know.
Death stranding was the truly original strand type game
so whats worse - games or the game journalists?  Its about a tie for me
This is arguably more an issue with the game critics' formula for writing reviews and less with the creativity of game makers today
Hey dounkey are you houngry
Is this pong?
This is an original idea, and there's nothing like this, Except Legend of zelda, dark souls, hades, pokemon, csgo and borderlands
Can we please get to the point where we realize that "hard" is not synonymous with Dark Souls. Dark souls is not good because it is hard. It's not hard because it's good. It's just Dark Souls. And to me, Dark Souls is not good because it is hard. It's good because it makes sense. It's immersive. I die in Dark Souls and I blame myself for making the poor choices that led to my death. I don't even have to faint to be pissed off at Monster Hunter, because I'm just mad at the Frankenstein's monstrosity of inconsistency and bad/lazy hitboxes, and poorly implemented mechanics. To be a "souls-like", the game needs to be difficult in a way that is not frustrating. To be frank, you need to be actually competent and like video games to design something like Dark Souls, and nearly every game that has been compared to it, I would cut off my left nut if any of those developers actually experienced any joy when playing their own game.
Between this and the video game pricing video, Dunkey's been echoing sentiments I've been having since the new generation started. So many god damn games coming out and I have zero real drive to play them, I already have all the games I'd ever wanna play, and they're all games that these new titles take "inspiration" from. Why would I spend 60 bucks for a game that has elements of Zelda when I can just... play Zelda? And probably have a much better time?
Third person mode in Dark Forces 2 Jedi Knight clearly taken from Dark Souls.
too much dark souls
game journalism is a meme
Super smash bros is the New dark souls
Game exists IGN:it's a little bit of dark soul and Zelda
originality and creativity doesnt come out of a vaccum. originality comes out of inspiration from other aspects to make something new.  honestly it seems like the ign reviewers are just being lazy with always comparing to what came before.
Hot take but I'm so over games with stamina bars and one-fuck-up-you're-dead type mechanics. Give me something like Ninja Gaiden and Bayo, where I can hack & slash AND die horribly. Or maybe give me another Fable game, a good ole hack & slash RPG. There are inspirations we just don't see anymore because the market is so saturated now with BRs, DS-likes, and rogue-likes.
"Nothing quite like this new game. It is a mix of mechanics similar to old games" Why the fuck do people listen to these shills again?
This video is a little bit of a Crowbcat type experience with a hint of videogamedunkey and IGN 😃👍
All this can be fix by saying "ive you like X game, that you will love this game"   But they are game "journalist" so thats explain it
Damn. Video game journalists should enjoy games more. Damn.
It's a funny observation, but making comparisons like this makes sense from a reviewer's standpoint. It's a useful shorthand to give your reader a general idea of how the game plays/looks/feels, which you can then expand upon or go into more detail about what makes this game unique. Something like Zelda is such a cornerstone game that using it as an example gives your reader a better idea of what they'll be playing than if you used a vague genre descriptor. Also some games are so clearly inspired by other games that to not point it out would be weird.
How much do these reviewers are getting paid again? Beacuse it's clearly too much.
in the end its all inspired by... minecraft beta in the online webbrowser
"The editing in Dunkey's latest video is heavily inspired by Crowbcat."
New challenge: take a shot everytime they mention Zelda and Darksoul
It's the same thing as "this horror game was inspired by (insert every horror movie ever) silent hill, resident evil, fatal frame, (insert every other horror video game). It's like dude can you just fucking come up with something original for once? Don't even get me started on movies "from the director of!! from the guys who made!!!" like cmon SOMETHING NEW PLEASE.
But honestly though Darksiders is my shit
Dunkey can best be described as a cross between Papa John's, Markiplier and Dark Souls
What? scarlet nexus? like devil may cry and bayonetta? these reviewers are getting crazy sheesh
By the way, Dark souls 1 still the undisputed best game ever made of the world.
Dunkey is a Guava Juice ripoff
But there is only one strand type game, Knack 2.
Pong takes inspiration from table top air hockey games in arcades- ign
The equivalent of "it tastes like chicken" comments about food
This video proves that nobody could copy Death Stranding.
To be fair Deathloop was made by the people who made Dishonored and they wanted to make a Dishonored game with guns and technology in it without ruining the series. So they just made a new one.
Oh shit i forgot about the new super mario brothers credits theme. People dont sleep on that
I was half expecting dunkey on a yoga ball
w-w-what have you DONE miyazaki?!!!
To be fair Darksiders 3 tried REALLY HARD to be more like Dark Souls than like Darksiders... sadly.
In a world where people like Dunkey exist you can’t make original games because they get shit on (death stranding), and you can’t be inspired by games that people love because that’s not original enough.
New games = combination of old games
Honestly, not that mad about all these comparisons. At least they can pretty accurately describe how the game feels and plays. And if I liked the mentioned games, there's a big chance that I might like this one too. Probably the only game I can think of rn that I struggle to compare is Outer Wilds. That game felt so unique it's still firmly stuck in my mind
Dunkey's videos take inspiration from YouTubers like Will Smith and Nostalgia Critic
this shit remind me of Frasier
i bet every game that can fall take inspiration from tetris
Nothing is ever truly original, everything is derived from the things that came before. And that's fine, that's just how we are.  Still, good video. Maybe these reviewers derived their scripts from one another a bit _too_ much
This feels longer than it is.
The Untitled Goose Game clearly took inspiration from dark souls, Legend of Zelda and Donkey Kong.
Honestly, I think this says a lot more about video game reviewers nowadays, rather than video games. I don't think it's possible anymore to survive in the video game industry and be truly original in every aspect of the game that you're making. I DO think, however, that video game reviewers can write original scripts in their reviews and not obsessively compare everything to other games. How hard is it to describe a battle system without comparing it to Dark Souls? How hard is it to describe exploration without comparing it to Zelda? etc. Just write something original that accurately describes the game without copping out and just comparing it to other games. That's what helps make you a better writer. But no, they just take the easy route.
There's nothing wrong with taking inspiration from other videogames, I would say it's a given and it's lazy journalism to just point out this is a bit like this, this and this 9.5/10
It's like when you take a crap, you gotta take some inspiration from dark souls.  Sometimes you win. Sometimes you die.   It feels like both right now.
It's like playing Gex at Dark Souls' house. (c) Gex
This video made me feel like dark souls.
Alternative title: Originality in Game Reviews
Well butter my butt and call me a biscuit, it seems all the games are Dark souls clones
My weeb ass is always excited when someone mentiones the tales of franchise. I don't think it gets enough attention. That being said, the trailer for tales of arise just doesn't really look that much like a tales of game. They usually do something different in their gameplay and artstyle but arise looks kinda mainstream
League of Legends is just Pokemon Unite without the basketball
Ah yes dark souls and Zelda, the only games available
You walk in 99% of the games, spit on originality!
THIS IS BASED AS FUCKED WAT THE HELL DUNKEY !!!111!!! IM SHAKAIAAIAIAIAIGING
this seems less like games are unoriginal, and just that game journalists and marketers are too lazy to explain the game so they just compare it to preexisting games everyone has played.
That shows that game developers and critics really need a clear language to describe things. Soulslike or "like devil my Cry"is a term, that is far to lose.Very funny video... dunkey is the best.^
Summary: Dark Souls was released and now everything is Dark Souls
Dark souls
Why even listen to ign etc  Hell how are they Stil arround
This video is clearly inspired by Crowbcat
This video shamefully takes inspiration from dark souls
Ok I think I see the problem here...
Dunk souls
There is no true Originality. Everything is just a new Combination of known Elements. We call something more "original", the less of the Original Pieces are recognizable.
dungey
Everything came from Devil may Cry and Zelda, I knew that!
I would have liked to hear the elevator pitch for this video.
It seems like this is as much a problem with poor reviews as it is a problem with lack of originality in gaming. If reviewers just describe a game as "dark souls meets Zelda meets hitman meets Tetris but Asian lol" then it's kinda lazy on their part
I thought he was about to drop all the way through without saying one word. And stay trending top 10 throughout
This video takes some clear inspiration from dark souls
Our brains are hard-wired to recognise patterns and draw similarities so it's easiest to understand what something new is by comparing it to older games.  If the game is well made then it takes inspiration from other games, if the game is crappy then it rips off other games.
Dunkey's right, but the reviewers aren't completely wrong either.
cursed the dead gods do look like hades, and deathloop do plays like dishonored tho
“Rocket League, Fortnite, and Overwatch”
My parents leaving me as a child was the first original strand type game. 10/10 it had a little something for everyone.  Navigating the abusive life before their leaving was like a Hitman meets Darksouls; an unforgiving nightmare.
You would think Crowbcat invented the act of editing a video reading this comment section. The 12 year olds are showing their age.
Says the ass who constantly keeps throwing shade on Death Stranding despite It being one of the most original games in the past decade, but will also eat up any full price re-release of a 10+ year game by Nintendo.
A video filled with stupidity, yet so insightful on humanity
Even oldest games were copies  Pong copied ping pong Donkey Kong copied king kong and Pac-man copied your mom
Feels like crowbcat uploaded this, nice one
i see the point ur making dunkey and generally agree regarding the mechanical repetitiveness in games but but— maybe, if one hasn’t played yet any of the similar games that came before, she or he can have an absolute blast whereas you would be bored out of your mind
game at 2:09?
The game undertale has taken clear inspiration from Nintendo's hit 1983 Jumpman demo Which had pixels you moved with controls
Project Zomboid has entered the chat.
Its because journalists are stupid and cant understand what genre are. or their audience are stupid as fuck, that works too.
Game industry has been around for 40 yrs, Devs are soon gonna run out of fresh ideas; frontier now moves to the VR as a source for New creative ips.
Every game where you can lose is technically dark souls
Everybody talks about Breath of the wild but Shadow of The Colossus did the same thing 10 years before.
Is this a problem with games or a problem with reviewers who can only provide reviews by directly comparing a game to the biggest in the genre?
I took a shot every time I heard devil may cry and killed my liver.
I don't know if it's really possible to make a truly unique gameplay experience anymore. There's just been so many games made already that it's practically a guarantee that a previous game will already have used the same kind of gameplay loop as upcoming games. Plus for some examples that truly haven't ever been made before, it's either because they rely on technological innovations that haven't been made yet, or the gameplay would in fact be so terrible that nobody wants to seriously make said game.  The only thing you can really make unique is the story context that you frame that gameplay in.
whats the name of the 1st game?
Say what you want about Death Stranding, but at least that game tried something unique with its game, especially in the AAA market. But that doesn't mean its something that a lot of people jive with.
Originality . . . WHATS THAT!?!?!?
Dunkey is so unique there are no videos like his. Similar to Crowbcat.
They're all just Skyrim with varying degrees of guns
I am unable to belive an actual human looked at Persona 5 Strikers and decided that they must compare it to Kingdom Hearts
For a second I had to check the channel name thinking this was crowbcat.
damn this video is like the dark souls of youtube
(character has 2 legs and a life bar) video game critics: they took this from dark souls!
This video really makes you feel like an IGN game reviewer
what's the first game?
hey guys I know dark souls and zelda, better mention them in all my videos
This video is like a mario zelda meets a Devil May Cry Bayonetta style metroid-vania roguelike with the combat of a persona 5 kingdom hearts final fantasy, but with the difficulty of a sekiro dark souls bloodborne, and the story of Death Stranding Knack
you can almost _feel_ like you've played this game before
*Third person* *Has dodging* *You can die* "This game heavily takes inspiration from dark souls"
Damn that was annoying.
💀💀💀
Can someone explain the point of this? Reviewers use other games to compare to current ones. How is that a bad thing?
Making fun of games journalism is basically a genre now
wait, it's all dark souls?  -always has been! The Astronaut Died
As someone who is almost done with their game dev study and heading into the industry. The majority of pitches will follow this exact format of describing a new concept to familiar elements from existing games. Not a lot of investors nor players will want to have to put in a lot of effort to figure out what your game is and the best way to convey what something is in as little words as possible will always be by relating it to things someone already knows. Otherwise you get something like the first "strand-type" which created a wide range of expectations since it didn't expand on what the game actually was.  Games, and any product for that matter, will always be inspired by pre-existing things. That's just the nature of what ideas are.
So moral of the story is that “Devil may cry” was the first video game
This got a little bit of cod and a bit of solitaire
Lmao (what a pity)
I feel like you could do this exact same thing with movies and TV shows. "Oh well How I Met Your Mother draws inspiration from Friends, which draws inspirations from Full House, which draws inspiration from..." It's just that it's pretty obvious that art draws inspiration from art. It can get annoying when they do that type of comparison with video games so often, but I get why it's important to compare the games to give buyers an idea of what they're getting their hands on.
Ok, I'm starting to see what you mean.
“We stand upon the shoulders of giants.” No matter what we try and do, anything new that we create will be compared to its influences and predecessors. Plus, the reason why these comparisons are made is to bring in fans of those other IPs into the new games.
Worth noting that Curse of the Dead Gods beta came out much earlier than Hades. Again, fuck game critics
This video heavily borrows its style from crowbcat.
And yet people say AI can't create original art? Neither can humans!
it makes it easier for the audience to grasp the concept of the game if they know something familiar to the topic albeit disrespectful to the developers
What this video really shows is just how crazily influential and groundbreaking games such as Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild are. They set the new bars.
So have reviewers become too lazy, developers too derivative, or consumers too unwilling to try new things?
Everything is a remix.
every game is a minecraft
"DS but with Focus on Guns/Long Range". So.... not DS? mfg
It annoys me how so many games are compared to dark souls, but Code Vein is literally just anime vampire dark souls
If a game has bosses than its a dark souls copy, yeah, yeah i can see it. Dark souls invented bosses
i guess the only original games are zelda and dark souls
Dark Souls: The Chicken of the Video Game Industry.
"I've never played a game like deathloop" except dishonored of course
So basically its all Zelda game
I like Half-Life it kind of reminded me of the gameplay of Doom and Duke Nukem 3D   Okay but seriously how long did it take you to locate and compile all this footage....
Now I feel violently angry for some reason
All games are just copies of the first snake game with added storylines. Shameless.
I just want my dragon warrior monsters hd 2d remake like DQ3 is getting
a youtube channel i watch did the same on a game... always compareing it with other games instead of shutting up and view the game for itself. its a horrible way to describe games. and now donkey shows us why.
Even real life has taken some inspiration from Dark Souls
I think it's a easy way to give a idea of what a game is. You like "X" so you might like "Y" or elements of it.
I missed a feedback for the first Dark Souls, in which they said, that it is like Final Fantasy with Doom elements.
Pure originality is basically impossible now. That's a very normal thing that's been in art for decades
this video was inspired by dark souls
Nice
Well ya when you wanna explain something to some one you compare it to something they know.
Dunkey Channeled his inner Crowbcat on this vid
Games these days are all basically just pong remakes.
clearly these games are just knockoffs of knack.
Minecraft has taken inspiration from dark souls as well
Dark Souls is the only original game ever
Knack is the only truly original game.
Dunkey has discovered the concept of the elevator pitch.
I wish this video had come out a few days later, as people are saying the new Kirby looks like the Last of Us which would have been perfect in this video lmao.
Baba Is You is like …
Dark Soles invented the acrobatics system we often times see used in real life such as in the e-sport: Olympics
Who even watches that mainstream crap. Stick with the independents people
Dez anos depois e não vai mudar nada...
what an original video idea. I bet no 1 ever did it before
Wow! Dark Souls is the most influental game ever, praise the sun 🌞
Every game is Darksouls and Zelda.
This game has noticeable polygons, which does feel inspired by my high school geometry teacher
None of the DarkSouls claims reminded me of DarkSouls, wtf.  DarkSouls isn't original appart from its difficulty and characters.  So basically they say "it's a difficult RPG" or "it's a grim RPG".
Thanks to this video now I know how to make videogames reviews, ty dunky
I miss when dunkey was entertaining
What I’ve learnt from this video is that the only original games are dark souls, Zelda, DMC, and Bayonetta.
so basically the only original games are : Dark Souls, Devil May Cry, Doom, Zelda BOTW and Bad Rats
Rogue-like
As you can clearly see, this video is actually inspired by the famous Hideo Kojima series, Donkey Kong Back for Blood, with elements of JRPG like games such as Digimon. Still there is no other video like this, with the exception of Kanye's album, Honda.
VG Journo: "This puzzle mechanic is based largely on the classic, Tetris." Puzzle mechanic designer: "... WTF is _Tetris?"_
Dunkey is the soulslike of the youtube gamer series, who also takes inspiration off call of duty, minecraft and super Mario zelda.
Watching this video make you feel like Spider-Man
The elevator pitch for elevators was just a rip off of rooms and stairs combined with Dark Souls
Only thing I need to know: IS IT A STRAND GAME OR NOT?
Super Mario 2 is like the cutesy simplistic 2d jumping dark souls platformer, challenging and unforgiving despite its cartoon exterior which will make zelda fans rejoice although lament  its linear non-open world design.
some ideas: - cooking mama meets angry birds - aleste meets battletoads - arkham meets minecraft - brain age meets just dance - pokemon snap meets virtua cop - castlevania meets lemmings - call of duty meets kirby - star wars rogue squadron meets crazy taxi - gex meets fifa - gex meets truck simulator - gex meets pinball - gex meets kerbal space program - tony hawk meets ecco the dolphin - splatoon meets portal - splatoon meets call of cthulhu
Yes, art is based on previous works of art.
if you like cancer boooy dooo I haaaaave a shooow for yooooooouuuuuuuu!!!!!
thank you, dark souls.
Notice how there are 0 strand type games
Imagine dark souls but with a AR-15
every game is devil may cry or dark souls
This is why a lot of people claimed that Zelda BoTW was the best game every when it came out, it changed the industry forever.
Go play The Long Dark. I wanna see the Dunkview.   I mean it.
Good lord this compliation makes me sad. Thanks for being on point, because.. good lord...
Is that a hint of wii fit I smell? Fuck that imma go play GTA 0/10 👎🤬 🎮bad game 🤬🎮👎🕴🎮👍
Too much nudity, you changed.
Thank you Darksouls.
I haven't looked forward to a game for years. The industry is stagnating.
Says as much about games journalism as the games themselves
this video felt so much longer than three and a half minutes
If a game has fucking experience points to level up that you gain from enemies and can potentially lose on death, it's dark souls. Fuck off, game reviewers are jeopardizing their own occupation
This video really makes me feel like i'm knack
This video has taken some clear inspiration from a youtuber named videogamebastard
I think it speaks more about how bad video game journalists are at writing a script
But in all honesty: is there really nothing that hasn't been done already? Even slightly?
Didn't realize all games with puzzles are zelda clones.
End my suffering
Rocket league Fortnite and overwatch had me laughing.
"There's nothing quite like it, except like 100 other games that have already been made that are exactly like it"
How tf does FF7 look like Guilty Gear Xrd lmao  Is it just cause they both are kinda anime and look good?
It has a little bit of every game for everyone.
none of this is strand type knack video games tho
We will never be able to say: "I haven't seen anything like this!", anymore.
Dunkey has no idea Hades and Breath of the WIld aren't original at all.  Youtube gamers LOL
It's unsuprising to me that all of these video games are subpar when nobody borrows inspiritation from Knack
I wanna grant someone the power to fix their broken arm by breaking the other one.
The answer to your prayers is Psychonauts
Only 4 and a half humans alive played dark souls
I understand this might be frustrating, but you have to understand that there's only so much one can do for games. There's not an infinite amount of ideas, they are finite. Quite large, sure, but, finite.  Think about how music, being so old and still popular, and yet, it's based around 7 notes plus the 5 in-betweens.  There's only so many possible combinations of notes, and we have to accept that
I have long made fun of the fact that gamers only describe things as "Its like mix of...." "Its like this meets that" "its like this game but with...", this vid is great lol I think "Oblivion with guns" to describe Fallout 3 was the first time you started hearing this type of shit constantly
i have to this. this shit makes me not want to play a game when someone says oh this is just this but also with that and a little bit of this other thing
i love these vids where you don’t even need to talk, the vid and its editing just speaks for itself.
While completely original, Dunkey dunks donk horse while occasionally referencing Dunkey. Just like Zelda of Warloop.
This video is a bit Strand-like meets Dunk-like
This is journalism
Notice how knack is completely original
Euro Truck Simulator 2 takes inspiration from games like dark souls and breath of the wild, it has difficulty and also graphics
But if you think about it, the true original is Kings Field
boring and pointless video that doesn't say much other than "cOmPaRiSoN bAd!!!!"
Minecraft is the only original game
Wanna know the worst thing? The relentless souls comparisan to games that had maybe 1 or 2 elements that dark souls also employed killed any chance of the core gameplay systems of Dark Souls to spawn a genre. There are only a few notable games that directly follow the dark souls gameplay formula, and thats honestly really sad. Especially since the ones that do are pretty bad.
0:08 Game reviews please stop, Sekiro didn't invent the goddamn hookshot mechanic.
One sentence of dunkey speaking. I expected more quips from dunkey.
The videogamedunkey channel is clearly a genre remix of real-life donkeys, rap culture and the African-American community.
Games Journalism is easy: I'm surprised people get paid for it. 😗
I am actually surprised death stranding didn’t make this list
Escape from tarkov is a game I think that's not like any others.
The way journalists speak is so incredibly cookie cutter like they barely seem to have an opinion other than taking sources and paraphrasing it.
Why Is the kickloop video age restricted???
This is just how creation works, and that's a good thing. There's no such thing as something totally original
All games take after Zelda, dark souls, devil may cry, and of course Jrpgs.
Games that journalists like to use for comparison. 1. Dark Souls 2. Breath Of The Wild 3. Persona 5
Whilst I agree that gaming reviews have an issue of overmentioning other games to describe a game I do think that because video games are interactive when you are describing a game you also have to convey how the interaction was.Comparing it to a well known game does make it easier for the average consumer to understand what type of game they are about to play.  Now about originality, it's very hard to ask from a game to be 100% original. I don't think that would be possible this days.But a game can be original whilst sharing features with other games.  A good example is death stranding That has a new moving system and it has the stranding system (I think that's what the multiplayer aspect is called) but in the other side it has very basic menus and has a ton of cutscenes
getting a lot of boss baby vibes from this
Idk, I feel like it's such an easy way to describe games when reviewing them to give the reader/watcher some better idea of what to compare the game to. "Zelda-like", "Souls-Like", and "DMC-like" just give such a straightforward quick frame of reference, and it's pretty easy to think "Hey I didn't like Zelda, or I don't like Souls games, so this probably isn't for me". I understand that it gets used very often, which is the point of this video (unless the point is that games just aren't original in which case that's kinda dumb because it's near-impossible to make a completely original game at this point), but as someone who checks into reviews a lot before buying a game it's helpful to me when it's compared to a game I already know about.
if only those developers were original enough to make the first strand type game
This video, what with the moving images and sounds and shit is CLEARLY the lovechild of Citizen Kane and Dispicible me 2.
This video reminds me of vsauce
the only thiing less original in todays games is the comment section for dunkey videos dur dur knack dur dur strand type dur dur DURRRRRR
Well, this is overwhelming.
I'm interested in Darksiders 3 now that I know ghost rider is in it
Well, guess Ill just play Dark Souls then
A taco night at Richard Dreyfus' house inspired FPS shooter mixed with Meatball sauce
its like ppl who only played 5 games in their lives are trying to review games
Dark Souls took clear inspirations from games like Kung-Fu Master
Imagine if sports were like video games: this new combat sport takes the essence of boxing mixing it with the aerial athletism of acrobatics insids an ice skating rink
1:47 [Citation needed]
Everyone: "gilding and stamina like breath of the wild"  meanwhile skyward sword:"Excuse me"   Edit: Also "Like Dark Souls" You mean an action combat metroidvenia game? Wait no the later souls are to straight forward for that
Knack takes inspiration from GTA
We all know you play breath of the wild and dark souls and you have played every videogame in the past decade
but like, all creative work is derivative in some way
the one gripe i have with this video is comparing dark souls to 2d platformers that are hard. mother f*** 2d games that were hard came out before dark souls, dark souls brought what was hard about those platforms to 3d games, and it went viral. you wanna talk about hard 2d platfomers talk about castlevania, metroid, mega-man, or something else like ghost and goblins which probably influenced games like deadcells more than darksouls ever did. if anything dark souls just made those games more popular instead of making them more "dark souls" like. fuck the community in thinking dark souls can be translated into 2d cause its not, its the other way around. darksouls is 2d arcade games translated into 3d. not 2d games inspired by the difficulty of darksouls. (a 3d game based on the difficulty of the 2d arcade platformers designed to eat your tokens.)
Hey dunk... i see what you are trying to achieve here. But... in reality... players dont want originality. People hates seeing something new or try something new. People loves familiar mechanics and familiarity in general. So its actually good for developers that they can reference some existing and succesfull games. And they are doing it on purpose.     Im saying it as game developer who released unique and original game on switch and pc. And it flopped. We did some investigation after some time and verdict was this: people didnt understand our game and couldnt get familiar with it because lack of familiar mechanics. Simply put: making something unique is suicide.     I know it probably may sound frustrating but its what gamers wants... im for sure not going to came with something 100% unique anymore, it costs money, time and its not worth it. Not mentioning that after release i got into very dark place in my life. And there are a lot of people, games, creators like me. A lot of games you never heard about. And they are original... No. Originality is overestimated and generally can be bad for busines. Its sad but its true :(
You have to play it safe even if you could design something completely new (which I doubt you can at this point) the first question people would ask what does it like what games can you compare to? And if you can't they'll just go and buy something familiar because games now are 60-80 dollars and most people don't want to experiment.  On the other hand this video was painful to watch you should do another video bashing game journalists that would be fun.
this was so genuinely painful to watch
"Don't worry There are no original ideas here."
If the game isn't like Zelda, I'm not buying it.
Do gaming journalists think that Dark Souls invented the sword and shield or something?
I Miss Drama Mondays!
No one can copy the king of games, Super Mario 2 babyyyyyyyyyyyy! .....    Eh who am I kidding Mario clearly drew inspiration from Knack.
Or just lazy reporting?
This is exactly why u have brought a new game in 2 years.... thats mad
It sounds funny to me how most 'action titles' today are more often than not compared with Devil May Cry, when the thing is that anyone who has played DMC knows those games are nothing like it😂😂
i thought i was watching Crowbcat
If you roll, its Dark Souls. If you climb, its Zelda.
We really appreciate you work , brother  Keep it up 🔥🔥🔥
Dunky has clearly taken some inspiration from Dark Souls, but with a little bit of Nintendogs sprinkled in. Complement this with a side of Knack 2 and Super Mario Bros 2, and you’ve got a genuinely “unique” experience.
Dunkey said so much w/o saying a word
Ok so there are only 2 games: a) zelda b) dark souls
Ah yes, the old "this-game-looks-just-like-an-nintendo-game" argument.
Dark Souls isn't a genre. It's slow, unresponsive combat with little forgiveness. Dorkey you continue to impress with this pure journalism.
There were no games before Dark Souls, you know?
Pretty pretty pretty much.
Dark souls
This is my favourite type of crowbcat inspired type video.
Keep making good videos. Can’t imagine how long this took to edit.
Videogamedunkey  just found the biggest problem with game reviews comparing
He said like 4 words and made a masterpiece.
ill make a game its going be influenced by devil may cry, zelda botw, dark souls and bookworm adventures
Game devs have their work cut out
its not about "Originality in Video Games"  its about how peaple review the game imo when you say this game look same like this game the review is done   ps: the vid will be nice if you include dark soul review or botw review (what will those ppl say)
Breaking news: madden ball has stole their idea from football
Lol dunkey barely had to talk this one
And Dark Souls was clearly inspired by ideas from Die by the Sword and Blade of Darkness.
the truth is Every other game is straight ripoff of mario bros
How to be a game reviewer "Zelda Zelda Zelda"
I see this shit so much now, I read a review for Sifu by PlayStationlifestyle that said.  “Sifu is, in a way, a lot like a roguelike or a soulslike, but at the same time, has nearly nothing in common with roguelikes or soulslikes at all.” (WHAT THE FU&$!?!)  “Similarly it adopts some metroidvania elements, while being nowhere close to being a metroidvania at all”. How do people get paid to write this bullshit? It just sounds like they are just saying words! It sounds like something I would write in order to get the word count for a high school essay.
masterpiece
This video is reminiscent of taco night at James Earl Jones's house.
so every game is Zelda
Japanese video games were a mistake.
Imagine creating Zelda breath of the wild and then everyone copies you
Dunkey dunking on game reviewers
"Some of Dunkey's humor is clearly taken an inspiration from Gex."
And I bet they still gave Devil May Cry a 6/10
Everyone is aware of this my friend.. This video hardly covers anything that hasn't been discussed for years at this point
And when Kojima innovated something new with Death Stranding everyone gave him shit for it
in mario vs rabbids mario can shoot a cannon type gun. so basically its kinda like COD
This more like like 'Originality' In Game Reviews. They're all so incompetent all they can do is simile.
I think that what you're trying to say in this video is not clear enough.
This video reminds me of dark souls...
Some of these comparisons i can honestly see, and are good examples of similar games that the consumer can use as reference to know sorta what the games all about (ie. genshin and breath of the wild), but for every good comparison you get 50 different mf's reaching so damn hard to compare something to dark souls their arms just fall off to go find a better owner
* Still searching for gex quote comment *
But you go ahead and trashes Death Stranding 💀 LOL
Is the problem with reviews or games themselves not re inventing the wheel
there's a little Dark Souls in it for everyone
Really makes you *feel* like *dark souls.*
I lost it at "Rocket league, Fortnite and Overwatch"
How ironic that you complain about unoriginality in gaming while stealing other peoples game reviews just to make a point
Darksiders 3 really is the Knack of Soulslike games.
oh my god this video was so annoying.
TL;DR Everything is a copy of everything
All of these games are just cookie clicker with a fresh coat of paint!
This video is actually about how shitty most people are at describing things without comparing them to something else.
Zelda like game
We did it. We got genshin Impact in a dunkey video. but at what cost?
Dark soul this Zelda that when are we gonna get a new knack game
But if everything is fortnite how can it be dark souls?
What we need to do is follow the IGN bread crumb trail to discover what the Original game is
So every game is every other game. Got it.
He really just said one lil thing and let everything speak for itself. Wow.
If your commentary was that games are copying each other too much then I point middle finger at you.  If your commentary was that games are inherently unoriginal/no game is completely original then thumbs up.  If your commentary was that game reviewers are dumdum then "you're nit picking and bias bye bye".
this guy is just copying videogamedunkey
ive never been actually so mad about comparisons before is there anything lazier than IGN writing
It’s like a cosmic gumbo of souls like and arcade racing, Garfield Kart brings together the…
The best way I can describe it is Animal Crossing meets Halo meets Civilization meets Lego Battles meets Elebits
But what is this video saying? That no idea is "Original" and every piece of media influences others and whatever breaks the conventional mold and gets popular doing so invokes other developers to put their own spin on the idea of generation? Or is it a critic on game critics and how they use other games as comparison rather than developing an opinion on a topic to further push the good parts of the game instead of pushing the thought of "Oh this game is like dark-souls, You'll like it" and viewing games as a product rather than a piece of art
So according to this, there's only 4 original video game ever exist 1. Horizon zero dawn 2. Legend of zelda 3. Dark souls 4. Devil may cry
I can see the irony here complaining that this game is not original at the same time you're making very unoriginal review
Our new chair design is nothing like it's predecessors. It is unique in that it combines elements from all its predecessors.
In my opinion, there are so many game genres that even if you start out by trying to make something unique, it ends up being similar to at least one other well known game. This isn't to say you can't have a unique and well thought-out experience, it's just there are so many games being created both in terms of numbers and ideas that it will always remind the player of a previous experience.   For example, one of my favorite games is Hellish Quart and in my opinion it's a very original game, physics based dueling with realism at focus; however even in this scenario you have the instinct to compare it to mortal kombat or tekken for the camera angle and going back in time a bit, bushido blade for the general experience; even though the game is very unique on its own.   Now when you look at games that are designed to be as popular as possible and to achieve as many sales as possible then I believe this problem of unoriginality is exponentially increased, the devs need to eat too and making "hybrid" games from past successful games is one of the most safe and sure methods there is available.   Lastly, I believe this issue also manifests itself in varying areas of interests and hobbies. I mean take a look at different music genres, the originality generally comes from the initial dive into the unknown territory by the artists of creating the genre itself, whereas the following generation of artists listen to the music produced before their time respective to the genre they wish to contribute to and create their own unique experience by combining elements from previous examples and idols. There's still something new being added by the artist but you can understand from which artists inspiration is being drawn from if you're familiar with the genre.
Crowbcat who???
What's the most original game ya'll played recently? Mine is Baba is you, a fantastic little puzzler 😘
Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏 Capitalism breeds innovation! 👏
This is the Bob Dylan of YouTube videos
IGN is quite the contradiction lol
"Wait... it's all dark souls?" "Always has been"
these comparison-laden reviews are lazy and they're a damning evidence of how surface level analysis has become the norm of the industry. however, triple A devs are also part of the problem. they're afraid to experiment with tried and tested gameplay formula so most major releases nowadays are just different combinations of contemporary design trends. in most other creative industries, this sort of stagnation would be identified and rooted out, but for some reason, the majority of game playing audiences and critics actively encourage it. GoW 2018 is a prime example of this. it was almost universally lauded despite being the gameplay equivalent of a somewhat bad gumbo pot. so until something fundamentally changes with this industry, i'd say we're stuck here for a while
Thing is the games are original, or sequels, what's not original is game play styles, but nothing is wrong with that. Also, just speaking in general here, I hate when people get mad at comparisons. It's literally just a way to easily describe something.  There is only so much you can do with fighting styles and gameplay styles.
Why have genres if we can compare every game to every game
“It’s a bit like Bookworm 3” -Hideo Coochyma
Every game has a little bit of Dark Souls in it.
"You can tell by the jumping mechanic included that this game borrows heavily from the Mario bros franchise" - IGN
i hadn't seen anything from jurrasic rabbit in years so to see a review on a dunkey video was very surprising
So dinker, when are you gonna make a game????
Ideas from fortnite,rocket league and overwatch?
The last of us is a original 🙂
Often, making any kind of art is often about being original in small ways, like the new mixture of themes or the new ways to represent the same thing. to give a new context. Occasionally things are completely original, but it's often a difficult thing to do.
clearly taking inspiration from the likes of Bug Snax
I'm honestly not sure what to feel anymore after watching this video.
Griding through Dark souls 2 right now, can't stop laughing because it gives me memories of dunkey's videos
Starting to hate video games
2:08 almost made me spit out my food. This is fantastic
But those mechanics are used because they work and are fun. Imagine if FPS games stopped at Quake. Gaming evolves and adapts, it's not all just lazy copying.
i prefer hookers to these journalists. at least the formers are honest and make better use of their mouths
Dunkey, you're a secret genius. Keep up the good work.
Excluding the fact that the video is from Dunkey, which is already very entertainment. C'mon there's Solaire in the thumbnail, how could I not click.
i dont get it
I like this video
taking a page out of crowbcat's book with this one
Honestly this video is kinda weak. People can be inspired by other content. Gamers like that. Similar to how tf2 inspired overwatch. Not always a bad thing
BUT DEATH STRANDING WAS DEF THE FIRST STRAND TYPE GAME EVER AMIRITE FELLAS!
there's nothing quite like death stranding, which is heavily derived from games like super mario bros. and desert bus
But Berserk inspired Dark Souls
I usually think Dunkey is among the most in-tune gaming media guys, but if this is criticism of comparison as a review tool, it's completely off base.  Comparison is nearly inevitable when describing art created by humans who are products of their environment, not to mention an incredibly useful shorthand for describing what a game feels like in a 5-minute review.  Is it overdone a tad?  Maybe, but I don't think these examples alone say anything particularly negative about game reviews or games in general without any argument backing them up.  Also, I'm sure Dunk knows that all art takes inspiration in part from what came before; if Dunkey is trying to say that games have become derivative... that's true of everything in human culture.  We're building off of thousands of years of history, adding some new, but using the old... all the time.    Idk what Dunkey is trying to say here sans argument; this compilation seems completely inoffensive and normal to me.  I do rate him 5/5 though and bought his Snake Nuice, haha so funny.
This game really makes you feel like Dark Souls
This video is the Dark Souls of Schindler's list
Grappling hook mechanism = Sekiro Open-world stamina = Zelda BOTW Glide =  Zelda BOTW Mounts = Zelda BOTW Top-down action = Hades Fast-paced hack n slash = Bayonetta, DMC 3rd person action = God of War, Assassins Creed, Dark Souls FPS = Overwatch, CSGO Dark-Souls like = Dark Souls
I mean, it is clear 🤷‍♂️
Ahhh video game critics and "journalists" ... I wonder why people don't value paying for that "content" anymore? Thank you, Dark Souls and Zelda, for mapping out the blueprint for video games going forward. We can just bake those game mechanics into Unreal and Unity to save us all some time making new games.
Every game is just a knockoff zelda
The real question is are video games mechanics unoriginal? Or is it that journalists are unoriginal in their comparison of video games?
Dunkey is just smart and tells you what you’re thinking before you even realize you thought that
Maybe Dunkey should start his own youtubes
I have a NEW game idea which takes inspiration from legend of zelda and dark souls.
I'm so fucking tired of "like dark souls"
These games really make you feel like Batman
“genshin impact’s combat is similar to fart poop simulator and roblox tycoons”
Crowbcat clone. Knack/10.
aaay someone mentioned onimusha
You know game journalists aren't actually gamers themselves because they don't jokingly use the phrase "strand-type game" at least once per review
this made me miss crobats youtube channel
Wait, it's all Zelda and Dark Souls? Always has been...
If you really want to try something different I can't recommend Outer Wilds enough.
This is likely the worst video that Dunkey has ever made. The premise of this one rings incredibly hollow. Reviews aren't intended as critique--they're buyers' guides. People understand things better--and can make better decisions--if their decision (i.e. whether or not to buy the game) is put within the context of things they already know, understand, and/or have an opinion on.
Thank you, Dark Souls.
No strand type games?  I guess death stranding is the only strand type game. Truly an original masterpiece.
So basically, Dunkey more like Videogamedunkey that took inspiration from jason of the Dunk Tank.
Man ....
It definitely seems annoying but I don’t think there’s anything wrong with making these comparisons - after all, every one of these clips seem to be taken from game reviews, which are meant to inform people on weather or not they want to spend money on a game or judge it’s quality. It’s only natural to compare a new game with older experiences people might be able to recognise so they can better understand what it’s like
Not sure Dunkey has the strongest leg to stand on complaining about unoriginality, while hating Death Stranding for being different
A friend once said “all art has become self referential”
Dunkey only said one sentence and let the games (reviewers) speak for themselves kinda like dunk souls.
This video was only a few minutes long but it felt like a few hours passed somehow
This is why we need gex to comeback.
I like how I can tell your vid just from the art
This video looks like it has taken inspiration from videogamedunkey.
i ate a sandwich the other day that reminded me of dark souls
Just lazy journalism is all it is. Of course we all want to compare stuff to other stuff. But the challenge in reviewing is describing the game in unique and distinct ways.
What I've learnt from this is that every game is actually just dark souls
allow dunkey to come in>>> with his special move :)
Wow deathloop is like dark souls, my mind is blown. Do you member when you shot gwyn in the face?
I hate journalists so much that it's unreal
every fps game is a doom copy
We are all a bit like Dark Souls inside
It's sad that dunkey left out the greatest inspiration of all.  SUPER MARIO BROS. 2
2:10 whats this game i actually kinda wanna play it, looks nice
No ones gonna mention that all these games take inspiration from knack?
More crowbcat
This game is 2D like pong and the classics of old but the sequel is 3D reminiscent of Mario 64.
Puzzles exist in this game, so the parallels to Tetris are very clear.
I love that there is just always comparisons to dark souls which have little in common with dark souls.
nobody tell them demons souls existed before dark souls
So what they’re saying is the only two games are zelda and dark souls?
It really makes you FEEL like you’re playing some other game.
I can’t stand ghosts of tshushima - it’s a clone of everything bad in the last 10 years- a mix match of shit
Thank you dark souls for being the first video game
So every game is pretty much dark souls, damn  😔
The first Pac Man and Tetris games took their inspiration from Dark Souls
Most of these reviewers are being lazy with their descriptions; just describing the games in terms of other games. However, I think that it also makes sense that as time passes and more games are made, truly original ideas are going to be harder to come by, and because of this the best way to describe a game efficiently will be through the games it was inspired by
Hate
There are only 5 original games, the other take inspiration from them
Death Stranding. Now that's an original game.
This video really makes IGN reviews grate on me now.
New dunkey comment meme incoming
I see the point of this video but people like familiarity. Especially when explaining a new game to them. I mean video games have just been building off there predecessors from the beginning. Rogue likes being a genre named after a game.
Death Stranding is Original
Everything is just a knock-off of Pong with more controls and story added. And Pong is just a knock-off of real life table tennis.
hoping someone will make an original souls like strand game set in the world of bookworm, but with mechanic influences from trackmania.
It keeps following me... everywhere I go....
Is this the part where game critics get pissed off again
Can anything be original anymore? Isnt everything just an updated or improved redesign? I mean Minecraft was pretty revolutionary but you could call that Legos online
Personally, I don't see this as a bad thing. Take music for example. Every time you watch theneedledrop review it's the same "it borrows from x and y, and heavily inspired by z, I feel a light 7 on this one".  Art doesn't exist in vacuum. Truly unique and original doesn't mean it cannot be inspired by something or take quotes from other works in the genre.
People too lazy to actually describe something and so offer up other vaguely similar things that already exists to act as a referential description. If one doesn't know the reference it will be meaningless to them.
3D action adventure games are a lot like the classic super mario 64
Half of these comparisons were unironically dumb.
Games today are too crappy to be enjoyable but not crappy enough to be fun bad
Okay, so games are compared to other games. What's your point, dinky?
Don't forget far cry 3 being called "Skyrim with guns"
Boy that was all just a ripoff of life
this is the best genre of dunkey videos
darksiders 3 has taken some clear inspiration from darksouls, and even more clearly not from darksiders 1 or 2.
there is nothing new under the sun
“GTA 3 is just Zelda meets Goodfellas."  -Sam Houser, Rockstar founder and Grand Theft Auto director
Are you trying to start a riot? Because that's how you start a riot.
This is like a game jam at Hidetaka Miyazaki's house
cool loved this
Death Stranding was the last video game released that was fully original. Being the first strand type game
Originality is rare nowadays in general. I agree. Its because people have no more balls to invest in something new.
God just let games be games. Who cares that your character jumps just like that one dude in that one franchise, do you say the same for cars ? "Ho that one looks like that X brand, but it has a little bit of Y brand to it"
Half life is inspired from call of duty
No one with a GPA over 2.2 is allowed to become a game journalist.
So what I gathered is that I should probably hunker down and finally play dark souls cuz apparently everyone and their mom is trying to copy it
When did video reviews become adsense? "Hi [Consumer] do you enjoy [Dark Souls] or [zelda.]? Then purchase [Title Here] for only [59.99]!" is what it comes off as.
.
so like no more games then?
dunkey watches more ign than anyone else in the world
Dis not a problem of originality in video games, dis a problem of coverage by the gaming press.
Video games.   As original as most YouTubers
dank soil;s
Dunkey is sort of like a mule minus a horse plus the letter “U”
This is an experiment in cringe. See if you can get to the end of the video. I only made it to 1:34 before I had to shut off the Internet.
The video ended and I just kept scrolling down to read the comments, in complete silence, just keep going, appreciating the moment, like Death Stranding
Ign review is cringe
It's like Zelda and Dark Souls and it really makes you feel like Batman.
KNACK 3 BABYYYYYY 10/5 MOST ORIGINAL GAME BEST
This takes inspiration from crowbcat
Hello and welcome to my review for "INSERT GAME HERE"  *Ahem* Dark Souls, borderlands, tomb raider, pokemon pokemon pokemon, dark souls crash bandicoot Knack 2.
When you think about it, Tetris is kinda like Dark Souls.
I want a Sonichu game
Thank you dunkey. Bout time somone said it. Now adays no one even cares about having a GOOD new game. We just want something that's completly new and exciting and has all new stuff weve never seen. Because that's what gave us that nostalgic feeling playing Ocarina, Mario, FF, or anything like that for the first time. Comment your skills below so we can make a team and make a completly original game, everyone gets equal credit.
my life feels like a one of traditional game genre dark soul and a little bit of devil may cry series.
Zelda, Devil May Cry, and Dark Souls are the only original games apparently.
The way you gotta prance around in circles when fighting an enemy borrows draws from super mario 64 during every bowser fight
Getting over it is basically the dark souls of hammer based movment
What about Death Stranding? what is it inspired from?
...... And Dark Souls take inspiration from Berserk Manga, there's nothing original anymore.
This reminds me of the video “Sucker is a new and original song which doesn’t plagiarize at all”
another banger from the DUNK MASTER!
This game is open world rpg and is very realistic where "if you die in game ->you die in real life" holds true and you have to pay taxes and stay in a constant state of misery, reminiscent of the old days of dark souls.
Like Skyrim with guns
“It’s just (insert title) with extra steps”
Yes... (Single tear rolls down cheek) ... Yes
I don't see the problem here honestly
Dunkey might be the only channel where as soon as i see they upload i immediately click
Pretending that making comparisons makes games unoriginal is straight cringe.
POYO
Wow, reviewers describe new games by drawing comparisons to existing games, shocking
shots fired!!
I don’t know how, but watching this video has triggered me.  I have NEVER been triggered.
yeah, people call this ''genre''
painful
There's never been a STRAND TYPE GAME, THATS ALL IM SAYIN
I was just waiting for a “Hollow Knight is bug Dark Souls” clip
i literally could not finish this video because of how annoying it was
I’m this world you either die a Zelda or live long enough to see yourself turn into a souls like
"Wait It's all dark souls" "Always has been"
Oh yeah? What’s death stranding like
see this is why death stranding is the first strand type game
Show Splatoon some respect next time you talk about it 😂 One of your complaints was that the weapons don’t shoot like your typical shooter-type games…
This video takes heavy inspiration from BOWSERS BIG BEAN BURRITO
Dunkey you are the thinking man outside the box hahahah
I love dark souls
See, when it shares a few elements, they say "It's like *blank*", but when it outright rips off the core gameplay loop, they have to say "it takes inspiration from *blank*". That way, they're being disingenuous either way!
I mean, that's just how any art is. It's all borrowed ideas from it's predecessors, with their own flair. You could make the same video about music, painting, whatever. Even the most innovative, groundbreaking works of art either intentionally borrow ideas, or will inevitably be compared to past works.
This video clearly draws inspiration from crowbcat
Good video but maybe a bit too much dark souls influence?
Lol
These games really make you *ffeeeell* like Spider-Man.
"It makes you feel like __________ ,  draws inspiration from __________ ,  8/10  It has a little something for everyone."
These games really do have a little something for everyone ..
anyone else waiting for his reaction to seth rogan as donkey kong and jack black as bowser?
Dunkey, you've really outdone yourself. This is too meta
Here i am wishing for a game inspired in Sword of Etheria.
"It's got a little something from everyone..."
wow
he doesnt miss
game journalism used to be good when it came in a magazine
what are you talking about? every game ever is just ripping off of cup and ball on a string
with everything taking "inspiration" from something else, one could theoretically follow the chain and eventually find the one true original videogame.
I understand the easy to make comparisons between these games but isnt it more to the point that those referenced games had certain innovations/styles that made them such classics that now everything else has to be put up against them and with them being so broadly known that its easier to default into comparing it with new games so you dont have to be "original" in a review making it a lazy move on the reviewer rather then lazy game design (which might still apply though) also taking certain mechanics that are viewed as "perfect/complete" and enhancing your game rather than shoehorning a new mechanic into every aspect is probably a better decision and makes more time to polish other corners or work on your unique mechanics
Wait wat? no no no no you guys seem to forget that all these games take inspiration from book worm deluxe adventures
The best dunkey videos don't have any commentary
So what is the point of this video exactly...?? a lot of games ARE because of previous games, they even said it with God Of War, it's "INSPIRED BY" not a copy, and everything else is the same thing, not just videogames.  I guess this is some kind of critique, yeah some games deserve it maybe, but if we're talking about originality, my man, you should talk about survival/zombie/call of duty/battle royale games instead.
Thank you dark souls
It really makes you feel like the Legend of Zelda
You can think of his channel a bit like a Leafy and Markiplier rip off with elements of comedy while talking about games
I still think it's insane that a whole genre got named after a game. Souls like is legit a genre on steam.
Every game is either Dark Souls, or Breath of the Wild with a hint of Dark Souls
this video is the dark souls of satire
Anybody make a Dark Souls + Breath of the Wild yet?
People shitting on Sports games for being the same. Meanwhile in gaming: 0:00
Guilty gear Xrd
You can lock on your enemies in this game which clearly shows it took inspiration in Zelda Ocarina of Time.
Is this symptomatic of an industry where nothing feels really new anymore and we are just cashing in on the most popular ideas or proof that some games have been so influential (and game journalists so nitwitted) that journalists can’t help but compare games to their more succesfull predecessors?
Cabbage-fire Garbage-fire = Carbage-free
It feels like as much as we beg for originality, we gravitate to what we know, when a game is too weird, strange, confusing people ignore it, overlook  it, or brush it off. Look at the most hype games that came out this year and coming next year, they're likely sequels, or like what we've already played but prettier.
honestly im so fuckin lost
That's how things work they built upon everything in the past that led to this point in time, if you aren't taking notes from others you will not necessarily but most likely fall behind
What is the game at 0:20?
I think this has more to do with the way reviewers try to describe their games than game designers trying to rip off a successful franchise. At this point, when there are so many genres of games, it's only natural that a game is going to receive influence from its predecessors- or at least look like it did. I think the reason game reviewers will use these kinds of comparisons is because it's an easy way to describe the gameplay mechanics of a game- either that or it's just a blatant rip-off, as seen in the video. If it is a good game though, chances are it's still going to have some similarities with other successful titles, since at this point we've seen that there are just some gameplay mechanics/styles that people tend to like more.   Still hilarious tho, love you Dunkey <3
Drinking game: dark souls edition
You know the fucking writing for this shit is so lazy when every fucking game needs to be compared to dark souls, i mean seriously go read professional movie reviews for 20 minutes and see how many of them compare it directly to another movie that isn't a sequel. I mean come on cant they get a few reviewers with a degree in writing or some shit.
Everything is related to dark souls.... But why not GTA 😂🤣
play a short hike
This was so polarizing.
To make an original game I think it should be open world
Basically nearly every game takes inspiration from either Zelda or Dark Souls. Game journalism is something else man.
Just wait until you show a dota player any strategy game
When you can't fill out the word count on your review so you compare it to Zelda, Dark Souls, Rocket League, and Pikmin
*Game has combat and dying in it*  "Clearly takes inspiration from dark souls"
so if you're not boomer enough and thus have never played any of these games because you're too young then all of these reviews are doing nothing for ya. i'm not that young and i  haven't played 80% of those references either cause i dont do consoles or game too old and i'm a snob like  that.
and this is why nearly all new games are total dogshit.
In the end its all about the heart behind the games. We are already what? 7 generations into the consoles? No one is gonna come up with a whole new genre. And no one needs to. Just make good games. Learn from the past. Steal what you can. And give it its own heart.
Oh man, this just goes to show how much they use the same template to review a game 🤦🏻‍♂️  Great vid btw.
-Hidetaka Miyazaki blushing-
I like how dunkey can just assume his audience knows why this is funny as hell, without saying a word about it.
Less Youtubers. More Dunkey.
If you think about it, Toaster Run from After Dark Games is a lot like Dark Souls.
Smh all these games are just like dunkeybro 64
ig there are only like 5 games in existence and every other game just "takes inspiration" or is a "healthy blend of" or "knock-off" of them
And he didn’t even include fps
Conclusion: All roads lead to Zelda and Dark Souls.
The elevator pitch for this video is Zelda mixed with Dark Souls
it's hard to design something truly unique - without making connections to previous experiences. while most of the games listed here are doing blatant copies of mechanics, etc. for any game, there will be comparisons made to other games.
this video clearly took inspiration from the gods above
all these different voices who keep using the same wording... wtf
IGN demonstrates how they can not be taken serious, when they do not even understand the elements that make these games what they are. What does a fast-paced shooter have to do with Dark Souls?! That is mechanically it's diametric opposite. Dark Souls wasn't the first to be hard, it was the first to be hard because of a specific design philosophy. Slow attacks that the player commits to after initiating, aggressive AI, enemy telegraphing, precise hit boxes, punishing amounts of damage, quickly depleting stamina, loss of benefits upon death, etc. If it doesn't even have half of these things, then it isn't like Dark Souls.
Damn, this is the Dark Souls of Dunkey videos
You see, is not wrong to throw a little reference to a big popular game or use a engine that already exists to simplify the making of a game, but developers are so shameless, when a game becomes a big hit they go and do all the exact same thing that this big game implemented
This video style borrows heavily from crowbcat style videos
Apparently zelda invented stamina bar and gliding
man look at all these original games that are like X but nothing like X and more like X. how original
finding original idea is the darksouls of game development
I mean I don't quite understand what Dunkey is trying to say with this one exactly. There's a few different possibilities but I don't feel like any of them are clearly it.  *Possibility 1:* Games are unoriginal..? I don't think that's really the case or a problem and even if you thought so this can be applied to pretty much any creative outlet since basically the beginning of time and are definitely not a new thing unique to games just because you're personally noticing it there during your lifetime. Being influenced by things that came before are pretty much human nature and certain things catching on at a large scale and becoming "popular" can obviously be observed in eras of art, music, architecture and so on and independent cultures developed in closed off bubbles influencing others once they come in contact so it's not like a certain type of people during a certain point in time were just naturally drawn to a particular style or genre, no they drew inspiration from what they knew and what people grew to enjoy above other things.  *Possibility 2:* People use popular games to describe other games..? If this is it i don't know why that would be a problem because it evidently has a function in describing what a game is like and many times it's pretty accurate and more efficient than describing it from the ground up as if nothing like it has been done before. People often use the same examples because people are likely to know what that means even if a less well known game might be a closer comparison but additionally it's not unlikely that the most  popular games inspired the developers so they're intentionally like that game. I guess you could make the argument that people rely on it too much instead of describing the mechanics and so on or when they use really wierd combinations or superficial details that don't describe the game well at all. For example I've noticed that people are quick to bring up Breath of the wild whenever there's alot of light green grass but that's about the only similarity. But yeah I don't feel like that was the case here because the clips included weren't comically inaccurate or anything, like I almost don't know how you could talk about Nioh without mentioning Dark Souls.
how about y'all come up with something that's just never been done before
Sometimes I think reviewers kinda fall into the comparison trap. They focus too much on what a game has in common with other titles and not enough on how it deviates from said titles. I cant blame them, i do it too with sometimes, but its becoming all too common to hear a game simply described as a ____-clone and they leave it at that. I think its a little reductive and this video kinda shows that. I mean, I dont know who that was that you sampled Dunkey for that Ashen bit, but man. You see my point right? I wish more reviewers would stop comparing games to each other and focus more ont he individual experiences on offer and wether or not those experiences are worth your time and monetary investment and less on trying to find the perfect collections of games that best compares to the game in question. Rant over. Thanks for the upload Dunkey great work as per usual!
Dark Souls is the most original game in history.
Every game is dark souls
Dunkey has the classic Dink Donk style and scripts. He has strong opinions similar to critics like Dunko, Domboo or even Blunkey. Editing that requires skill such as Dunkio and Dounkey and gags like you may see in Dumbly's videos.
Glad I wasn't the only one
dark souls is definitely iconic but i don't get half the comparisons i hear
In any medium, creating works are inspired by that which came before them and we use genres to describe works of art so people can understand what they are like.
“ I want tacos! “
Honestly... I get the point, but I hate people complaining about comparisons. "The Dark Souls of _____" is stupid and cliche, and lots of journalism should be better, but seriously... They're trying to sum up a game in the first 20 seconds of the video before most people click off. Yeah, it's derivative, but they're trying to communicate a feel and experience over video and script. How would you have them describe it?  On the flip side, if it's the games you're complaining about, I also disagree. Outside of the obvious cheap cash grabs based on trends, games taking ideas/ gameplay structure from other games and putting a twist on it is a good thing. The "climb everything/ glider" mechanics from BotW are fantastic, and I'm thrilled to see it everywhere now. It's fun. Yeah, it'll get really worn out eventually. Everything does. That doesn't mean it's inherently a bad thing.  Video is a goof, which is fine. Just my two cents on the matter.
Very knack like experience
Love how literally every game these days is either breath of the wild or dark souls
I wish dark souls had a more well known representative so a character could have a chance to make it into smash. It’s insane how much dark souls has influenced to gaming industry.
originality in *video game journalism
There's nothing like Scarlet Nexus, except maybe the games I will immediately list after saying that.
this is like the dark souls of video game review
journalism is a joke
Everything is a remix
This one got a good laugh out of me! 🤣 On a less sarcastic note though, the same trend is seen in every market. Food, booze, books, cars... People reading a review like to have something current to stack the new experience against. What better gauge than the current champions of a particular field? Pieces of wholly original ideas will still be compared to some old game. 🤷🏾‍♂️
As you can see this video was inspired by fark souls...
Yeah companies don't worry about originality anymore as long as they match whatever the rivals release and copy their games. Plus everyone buys whatever is released anyway, there's no such thing as boycotting in this industry
They have to use comparisons because they pander to monke brain review watchers.
Dark souls all time classic
Great video. I love the part where you talk .
dunkus
wow the darks souls series sure has a lot of titles
The corporatization of the videogame industry is one of the most cringey, fake things I've ever witnessed
So, in conclusion, thank you dark souls.
What is happening here is just people trying to describe a game to other people by referring to other games, because that's how people work. - But nobody will ever do a review or explanation without doing so, as they can't just describe a game in its own right. - First of all, they themselves can't help but compare to other games, plus, they wouldn't know what to say if they wouldn't do so. - What makes it worse is that all of them just say the same things, because they've already heard or seen those descriptors before. - Such as the "Uncharted"-reference for "Fallen Order" is only in people's minds because Amy Hennig was once attached. - If that had never been known, people would probably not be as quick to jump to "Uncharted"-comparisons. Just saying; People's way of thinking has been homogenized. That's what a culture is. Gaming-culture in this case.
This video is like Dark Soul.
If any game comes close to the gameplay of Arkham Knight I'll bow. Story was somewhat polarizing (good enough for me, excellent ending), but gameplay is still absolutely #1.
Death stranding truly was the first strand type game
This was an original video dunkey actually speaks at one point too
These games will never come close to how original Bookworm's adventure deluxe is.
The IGNreckoning Part 2
Nerds can't talk about any media without comparing it to other media.
All the games are just copy and paste of some gameplay ideas in other games. That is why every year dunkey gives game of the year to SUPER MARIO BROS 2 and I'm totally fine with it
what i’ve learned is that every game is like Zelda, Devil May Cry, and Sekiro
Lmao at that dude saying Dead Cells is like Dark Souls
But which is the first Dark Souls type game?
Knack 3 will be more original than the first two
Hey dunky, is this video a criticism of the games or the reviewers?
Every game is dark souls it was the first good video game ever
Idk man, Kena is a pretty original game.
I haven't watched a SINGLE IGN or Gamespot review in maybe 2 years and now I know my head was in the right place. Thanks Doonkie.
Really says something that none of them mention Knack. A truly one of a kind game
Remix Remake Re-imagined, is always the true spirit of video game art form.
About half way through I realized what was happening and I strapped in for the other half.
Game: has a roll mechanic *omg just like dark souls*
The Rot are almost exactly like the creatures in the game Swarm. - But just because that's a rather obscure game, nobody will make that connection.
"This game makes you feel like playing another game"
Everything is Dark Souls. Zelda is Dark Souls. Dunkey is Dark Souls
"There's nothing quite like this game" *proceeds to list off 10 games exactly like it*
This isn't a bad thing though. Every other medium did it, from books to music to movies. It's how creativity has always worked.
"It has a little something of Dark Souls for everyone"
This video is just like a Dark Souls/Zelda video I watched.
Not a lot of people know it but Candy Crush is actually very Dark Souls inspired
Game mechanics will copy and paste. What matters is the story.
I really hate dark souls because every fucking game that came out after it for like 6 years wanted to be dark souls. It wasn't enough to have 1 shitty, unfun game, we had to clone it a thousand fucking times.
Now I want a sequel where you take a review of a new game, then find a review of its "inspiration", then find a review of THAT game's "inspiration" and see if you can follow the chain all the way back to Pong.
Imagine an object so unique, it is impossible to describe it using the vocabulary that you have now. No word in your brain represents it’s figure, its texture, its color or your experience of it. Nothing in your brain can connect to the experience, and it is almost maddening by its existence.   This is how dark souls was in 2011
Imo Resident Evil 4, Batman Arkham, and, Dark Souls have inspired a lot of games.
everything is a copy of everything.  You are a scuffed copy of ur parents too.
Die in ez mode is like Dark Souls to game journalist.
What exactly is the issue though? It gives you a quick idea of what that part of the game is like. The genshin impact one looked to be exactly correct too. Is it because it's used too often? Or are they not all that correct in saying "x has combat like y and a movement system like z"?
Is this more a critique of the way these people review games?
Not gonna lie that's called comparison. Every single human uses comparison when describing something. It's basic psychology.  But Death Stranding was Original ;)
Shout out to dead by daylight!! It's a mess but it's original
I like it how even Mario Kart has Dark Souls in it these days
i always knew dunkey took inspiration from hogan's castle
"You can't just say a game takes inspiration from several other games, then say that there's nothing out there like it" - Pac
Dunkey we need a video with your reaction to the super Mario movie asap!
I would not say this is devs all copying eachother as much as it is us liking to judge and say something is a copy of something else in a very shallow and dismissive manner.
Apparently, taking any inspiration from any game makes the entire game unoriginal.
I'm glad he made this.  Every indie studio game you try lately is a knockoff; and overpriced, for being a knockoff.
Breath of the wild shows clear inspiration from Breath of the wild
"There's nothing like this game, except they feel like these 20 games"
What was that game after Kena?
this video is a ripoff of dark souls
What is  Genre?
you do so much work for these videos... like it's just a compilation of clips damn u did not have to go so hard on this
This video clearly draws inspiration from Dark Souls.
I think we should try to compare games less to other games and just say the style  Puzzle or action RPG/adventure   Not "it's like Zelda." "Feels familiar to ..." Etc  Because I think we came to a point where it's not possible that a game is compared to another
to be fair, originality is hell for creators to come up with. that's why it's more efficient to just improve what already exist.
Ngl, You Sound A Bit Different.
Donk souls
I think describing a 'new' game by talking about the elements it borrows from existing games should be used to initiate the audience as to the nature of those elements in the 'new' game. But the usage of such references should be a deliberate and conscious choice on the part of the reviewer in order to convey whatever novel ideas the game brings forth, to the consumer. Using references and seemingly idea elements to describe every aspect of a game, especially when doing a critical review is lazy. I know not all games have so much novelty to them in order to do this, but it's on the part of these gaming 'journalists' to highlight the new innovative ideas that a game brings forth while initiating a potential buyer to the familiar fundamentals that the game borrows from established titles.
didn't see a single strand type game in this video
We live in weird timeline where Darksiders apparently is like Dark Souls than God of War and at the same time more God of War than the new God of War games.
I've never played any Dark Souls games yet but I'm sure if I did it would feel like a reference to Dark Souls.
Video game reviewers literally do not think before they speak. They just drone like idiots.
Yo what the fuck is dark souls
You try something new these days and you end up making death stranding.
dont' worry, more "china knock-off" games coming. Intellectual property theft.
Developer here (not directly in the industry but I'm just solo). It's insane how much you have to do this in order to survive the industry. People always want comparisons because if they enjoyed a game, then they hope to enjoy another because it's like the game they played. Kinda makes sense but also kinda hard to be completely original, it's just how it is  (edit: to clear it up. yes, you can still be original. however, people will still find a way to compare your game with other games, that's just how it is)
Should've been titled "Game Critics Part 3"
Sable?
That's why Death Stranding is a mastapeece. It has stairs and baby.
This is like playing a zelda knock off at IGN's house
This video really make you FEEL like a video game journalist.
I dont get what's wrong with comparing games with each other. Kind of a miss from Dunkey on this one
2:44 it just the ice slide reminds me of Super Mario 64
What is this, Croc?
I'm gonna make a game review  "Dark souls dark souls dark souls.  Some dark souls dark souls, a Lil dark souls dark souls dark souls. Some dark souls there.         But ya know what they didn't day  Knack babbyyyyyy  Most original game of all time Eat my 🌯 burrito
Assassins creed is a good franchise.
Tbh this is more of a dig at games journalists being shitty writers than videogames being unoriginal.
I kept watching this waiting for the intro to end, then about two minutes in I remembered who uploaded it
Is this a crowbcat vid
There's nothing quite like [insert my product here]. It's a combination of Illusion of Gaia, A Link to the Past, Secret of Mana, and Terranigma, with a world like Nausicaa, Splatoon, and FFX and a plot inspired by Macross: Do You Remember Love, Rock & Rule, FFX, and many time travel stories and anime. ...I only wish I were joking. I'm literally making a game like that as I speak.
What's your point, Dunky?
Dark Souls good
Dunkey: the Dark Souls of video game reviewers
"It has a little something for everyone."
Every game is actually zelda, always has been
And yet I still have never seen another strand-type game...
"Good artists copy. Great artists steal." - Idk some guy
This video makes me realize how much game media assumes you have played games before. Imagine never having played a game, finding a game revolving around a subject you enjoy (Like Heaven's Vault because of the linguistic aspect of the game), and then the primary descriptors are relating to other games you haven't played.  Most games have a unique twist, but it is an incredibly iterative industry. This video is just making me realize how much linguistic pragmatics are utilized to describe video games to their subculture, instead of utilizing generalizable language to reach an even greater audience.
Strand type video
Ah yes Dark Souls THE original game "and God said let there be Dark Souls, so people can know what every fucking game should be comparable to"
Man, all these games are copying Knack...
How dare you grow and develop as a creator.
In conclusion everything is dark souls
🤣👏👏
Breath of the Wild 2 will be the dark souls of Zelda
Dark souls clearly drawn inspiration from Dark souls, its pretty neat like a strand type game too
One of the most pointless and objectively stupid videos that could ever come up with… woah u’re so meta dude so (self) aware, “so cool” u could definitely make a totally innovative game with a visionary perspective never seen before right? If only u weren’t such a Orginal Youtuber…  Tell me, point me to one thing, one domaine of work or anything else where we don’t copy or get inspired by previous oeuvres.
Now notice how they didn't say shit about Knack. Because it's the only original game BABY!!!
All Youtubers are Dunkey and all games are Zelda, got it
Dunkey you're a freaking gaming prophet.
Ok
What’s interesting is that dark souls was heavily inspired by the franchise dark souls.
Fuck, leave Zelda alone.
Mario Bros. 2 still number 1 🤌
i no longer want to play video games anymore and this is all your fault donkey
U have doge and roll mechanics at ur game hmm.... Dark souls it is
Things I wish didn't become popular: - Dark Souls  - Breath of the Wild
What’s the game at 2:10? Looks awesome
Describing a games elements using references to other games is totally valid. Yes, it's absolutely overused and often ridiculous, and genres that are portmanteaus of other games are lazy. But it helps get the point across easier than describing the elements themselves. "BOTW climbing" says "you can scale just about anything but have to manage a stamina meter". "Batman combat" says "styled beat-em-up combat with telegraphed counter attacks". We should try to do better than to just use the title of a game, but naming is hard.  It's a colloquial tagging system, which makes sense because so many games aren't constrained to a single genre.
every game is dark souls just replay dark souls
It’s a good thing that the battle royale genre never took off and I am left to enjoy the cult classic that is Forkknife
"It combines elements of Pong with the social commentary of QWOP." "And Dark Souls"
IGN 🤮
This is a great Dunkey video. It's ideologically borrowing from his videogame critics series but with the narrationless format of his Maneater video.
There's nothing quite like Scarlet Nexus... here are all the games it is like.
Hi Crowbcat
spoileralert: All art is iterative. All of "creation" in general is iterative. Originality comes from the clever use of "old" ideas to create something unique, and these "unique" ideas are used as the building blocks for further creation. its just a shame that people would rather copy what already exists instead of building towards something different.
Dunkey's speaking the truth.
Plot twist: Videogamedunkey is Crowbcat.
Finally Dunkey got to know about Genshin Impact.
Skyrim with guns
So what is Zelda BOTW like?
This Animal Crossing-inspired strand-type RTS platformer really is the Sims of first person shooters with roguelike Tetris gameplay at its core, borrowing heavily from the spiritual legacy of The Typing of the Dead.
But does it make me feel like Batman?
everything is a remix!
Great video - much chuckles. But it's worth noting that this mostly reflects on reviewers' tendency to compare games - to make them relatable with an "elevator pitch". Which is actually a great way of explaining a new game - especially when it's something more original.
This felt like it was the longest video ive ever watched.
This video pulls from a Dark Souls meets Breath of the Wild format.
wait until you realize dark souls takes inspiration from zelda
I mean, why even play videogames at this point?
It really seems like they be picking game titles out of a hat with some of these reviews
Climb + stamina = BOTW LULW
Is this Crowbcat?
This is a video on YouTube, just like Markiplier!
1:36 My first thought was Diablo. I guess I am old :(
The legend of dark souls
The exaggerated swagger of a black teen.
This genuinely pissed me off. Basically described my life
i think dunkey takes some inspiration from dark souls and donkey from shrek
I can't tell if this is games being unoriginal, or reviewers just being fucking lazy.
Bro you ever heard of genres?? Wtf
Funny how ALL those games were inspired by ORIGINALITY lol
This video was clearly copied from Logan Paul’s channel
lol
Thank you Dark Souls
Newtons’s Secret Law: any 3rd person game with expansive combat will eventually be compared to Devil May Cry or Bayonetta
Everything is dark souls
These game reviews don’t play games and it shows
We have been playing 50 variants of Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild before the discovery of fire.
Dunk did to vidya games what Jaws did to the ocean.
Knack orignal game
I REALLY hate the idea that the only 2 topdown roguelikes that exist are Enter the Gungeon and Hades. They did not invent the genre. There are hundereds, if not thousands of games like those two (MANY of which are good I might add).  Same goes for Slay The Spire.
It's like Skyrim with guns.
Oh yeah, videogame reviewers right there at their finest. No one gives a crap about em nowadays.
Does this count as a documentary?
Ok, but are we gonna act like Shadow of the Colossus didn't do stamina based climbing first?
what was the second game after kena bridge of spirits?
1.  These are video game journalists.... 2.  We actually call a genre Rogue Like.....
Dunk souls
wow, this is probably dunkeys only bad video. like what is your point, yeah games take inspiration from each other. okay cool?
This is why i play halo, with gun game play and action like call of duty, but with the heavy awesome tankiness from Doom
dunkey complains about originality in games, and then something like Death Stranding comes along which is nothing like any other game and he doesn’t like it cause it’s not like other games
This video is unlike anything I've ever seen! I did get Crowbcat vibes for the first 3½ minutes and it was great! 10/10
Super mario bros 2
and then you get that one clown in the comments section hoping from software just keeps releasing another dark souls game every couple years
KNACK
Once again, dunk keepin it real and exposing these superficial zoomers that can't articulate how they feel and what they're experiencing. sad!
Dunkey is the most insightful gaming youtuber there is. He clearly takes inspiration from the likes of GameTheory, Keyori, and Game Grumps,
You forgot all the games trying to be the witcher 3
Someone needs to tell these reviewers that comparison is lazy writing. "It's like Breath of the Wild but..." is how I would quickly explain a game to my friends, not what I'd write if I'm getting paid.
Knack is like knack 2 and knack 2 is like rdr 2
bideo gaem is liek vibeo gam
Keep digging men.... *We need to find the fucking point*
Elevator pitch for Super Mario Bros 2, Super Mario Bros but more up and down gameplay.
It actually kinda hurt when that one guy called Curse of the Dead Gods a Hades Knockoff. I've never even heard of it but it looked like someone actually put a lot of work into it.....
bugsnax is the only original game for next gen consoles
In this game, you can walk around. Clearly they took heavy inspiration from Mario 64
Dunkey clearly draws content inspiration from YouTubers like Dream.   By that I mean Dark Souls not Minecraft
And this is why Gas Station Simulator is actually selling like hot cakes rn. Where else can you fill a car containing a diesel engine with gasoline and truly FEEL like a piece of shit dumbfuck for it? Ain't no inspiration for that except the real fucking world.
Dark Souls is just a 3d Metroidvania
None of these games are original. They all run on silicon based computers.  Only a game running on a quantum computer is true originality.
Kinda like how YouTubers like Wendigo and ManyKudos get called Internet Historian clones or how every true crime channel is immediately compared to JCS.
i mean, there isn't anything new under the sun.  The more games made the more examples people can use to describe a game.
Really, all these games are inspired by Bubsy 3D
Every game review is required to have a minimum comparison of 5 other popular games.
This review on review is clearly inspired dunkeys previous reviews of a different review.
I think this says way more about """game journalists""" shortcomings than about the originality of said games
Tacos are really good mexican food that is different than other food in the world. It takes inspiration from quesadillas and burritos with its tortilla outer casing. Every now and then it almost feels like a taquito with it’s crunchy tortilla. And like all mexican food, you have to choose what meat you want in the middle. Same with the type of tortilla you want, corn or flower.   It has a little something for everyone 9/10
Now we just need dark souls racing game
The dislikes on this video is incredible.
This sums up why I  can’t find any good game to play everything is the same like I legit built a pc a year ago and now that I have I’m like bruh I don’t know what to play
There's nothing wrong with using other games as a description for a new one in a review to help people get an idea of what to expect.
Dunkey is the Darksouls of Gamers
I don’t understand
It's hilarious how many of these reviewers take inspiration from other reviewers. "IGN is like a grab bag of metacritic, youtube, and magazines."
CLEARLY A RIPOFF OF PONG!
best part is that he said only a single sentence throughout the whole video
I mean that's the easiest way of summarizing a video game and all of it's complicated parts. By comparing them to older games people have already experienced
Or you could have something like Death Stranding.
I love this video tbh. Just really showing how people follow trends but then try to flip it and say they are original. Like wow, you took inspiration from a video game for the video game... I see this for fashion too and it's really old by now yet everyone is still doing it because they think that inspiration from anything is good enough; but when it's from the same area you are working in, it just becomes unoriginal of course but also just a cheap copy of something else. Cheaper alternatives are good for fashion when still ethical but this can't really be applied to video games. I don't get why people won't take inspiration from something semi outside what they do and then find ways to then combine it back into your field of work. I have only made something truly great and museum worth in fashion when I have done that, everything else was really just cheaper alternatives.
so every game is based off dark souls. got it!
Ain’t no game like Knack 2 bbaabbbyyy
Genius. Another masterpiece Dunk
love how none of them said "if you need a reference, think ______ but does its own thing"
So what you’re trying to say is that the “strand” type game was the last original game type created
Knack's one of a kind i guess
"heavily influenced" aka Legend of zelda, hmm
Jeez this is so nit picky
No one metioned Mass Effect. I feel like whatever is the trendiest is the one that most video games copy the most.
Moral of the story: DARK SOULS
this is incredibly well edited
Almost ALL art is some sort of retelling.
I hate that most open world games today are far cry clones...
I honestly stopped playing video games about a year ago, I dunno how you lot put up with it these days. Just pick a game you like and play it. This new stuff is wack ngl
Thank you Dark Souls
Wth is going on with ads xd
Y'know what's funny? There's just as much originality in games as in the previous two decades, but for some reason it's always the mainstream AAA games where people expect to see new and exciting things. They're looking in the wrong direction though. Why bother taking risks? Just like with movies and series 95% (random number pulled out of my rear end) of developers and publishers will play it safe. Activision is the worst offender I can think of in this regard. But in the VR space, AA space and indie space there's plenty of innovation, yet... apparently that's not where the majority of people are willing to look, despite claiming to ''really crave something new''. It's kind of funny, actually. -- now that my rant is over, I agree with this video and its other statement. You can't claim ''this is something new''  and then proceed to name 5 well-known games your current game is heavily drawing inspiration from.  + a little PS in between: if you're 25+, you've already probably experienced most ''new'' things in life. Whether it be in music, books, movies, games etc unless you've simply ''never tried'' some stuff. This matters. I don't see many 15 y.o.'s complaining of lack of innovation.   Also: if Halo or Half-Life 2 came out right after Doom 1, reviewers would still be saying ''it's kind of like DOOM - 3D movement and shooting ugly aliens, but in a more open environment and with better graphics''. We could also state of most games: "it's like all games before it; you're staring at a screen, mashing buttons and watching things on the screen change!''.
Today I learned that every game is essentially a mix of Dark Souls, Breath of the Wild, and Devil May Cry.
They all have a little something for everyone. 9/10
This videos is a little bit like dark souls
Personally I don't care if game try to take something from other game to apply to their game as long as they have right to do it and implement it well.
Dunkey I dont think this is necessarily something that makes these games worse or even bad because they draw inspiration or have elements similar to other games. Some developers see other games and want to throw their own twist on a genre because they believe they can do it better, take a look at Minecraft and Fortnite for example. Fortnite pretty much copied pubg but added the building mechanic to it and now look at it. Minecraft also was a copy of another game and now its the best selling game ever made. Also people use previous games to describe new ones to allow their audience to have a quicker grasp of how a game works and would feel.
wow lots of games are like dark souls
what's wrong with taking inspiration from something lol
There are 2 games: Dark Souls and Devil May Cry
Ok, enough videos, Dunkey. I’m trying ta rub my stomach and yous distracting me.
Donkey, you gotta just stop watching this stuff. It’s gonna drive you mad.
I love how Sunkey speaks ONCE the entire video.
dark souls dark souls, breath of the wild, zelda, zelda, dark souls, botw, breath of the wild, dark souls, and don't forget dark souls.
This video felt more like 3 hours than 3 minutes. I was half way through checking to see if this was a 30 minute video damn
This really is the Dark Souls of strand type reviews
I think these games have just a little bit for everyone when it comes to originality.
Dunkey always says so much by saying so little.
This video style clearly takes a lot of inspiration from videogamedunkey
Games..  Games.,  Games
He finally brought darksiders in one of his videos, delightful.
it really makes you feel like dark souls
B000 dubky B000 this is not content
Want to know what would make this video better? Doing a reverse family tree where its random people saying "wow game x is so like game y" then the next one is like "game y gets so much inspo from game z" and keep going
Dunkeys channel gives me a lot of Devil May Cry, Legend of Zelda Breath of The Wild, GTA, Dark Souls, Call of Duty, Fortnite, Super Mario Bros, Dark Souls, Sopranos, and Dark Souls vibes. 10/10 a little something for everyone.
does anyone know the game at 20 seconds?
ever heard about shmup genre
Lacking of vocabulary in IGN review
I mean to be fair a lot of games take clear inspiration from dark souls these days
Lol
its heavyly inspired by dark souls with a little bit of that tank minigame from wii play but make it anime
seems like the asian games get copied into other asian games the most lol go figure
Surprised there was no GTA series comparisons...
In screenwriting, pitching a movie to a studio, the first line of advice is this, "NEVER TRY TO SAY YOUR MOVIE IS LIKE THIS ONE OVER HERE AND THIS ONE OVER THERE PUT TOGETHER." It's sad that that is how they're marketing games -- there is no such thing as an original thought, everything is derivative of something else in the past, and that's fine; people want to play what they already played but they want it fresh. The shame is in making it blatantly obvious, instead of just saying, "this is our cool game with these cool features," and leave out the comparisons.
dunkey: why are people comparing stuff to other stuff!!! argh!!! dunkey’s brain: i store concepts inside neurons and then string them together with dendrites
Well since human civilization has been around for about 10,000 years, literally everything under the sun has been done before. Nothing is original. This concept of originality is absolute horseshit. The best you can hope for is to do something in a slightly different way than how somebody else has done it.
Elden Ring is just Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild
notice how no nintendo games made it on the list of “unoriginality” 👀 japanese just built different what can i say
"Good artists copy, Great Artists steal" --Picasso
I hate how people compare games with eachother based on mechanics rather than gameplay. So yeah, resident evil borrows alot from paper mario, since you are only able to save at designated points throughout the game, with a semi open world where you can come back to previous areas at any given time. Just call the game by its genre, thats usually enough. But if you do wanna create something completely original, do anything except calling it a strandtype-game for the love of god.
You know what game isn’t like Dark Souls like the journalists say? Dark Souls
Let’s be honest. Is anything original anymore?
This video is the dark souls of video game journalism.
oh!,,, so like movies, tv, and books?
This is less about games being unoriginal and more about games journalists not knowing how to talk about games without comparing them to other games
Dunkey is like the souls-like Zela of youtubers
everyone asks “how’s roguelike?” but nobody asks _”what’s_ rogue like?”
Does anyone know the name of the game at 2:09?
i wish there were more games like fallout and elder scolls theres some originally from a huge studio that wasnt copied everywhere
See this is why I like death stranding
This title isn't really much of a Devil May Cry and Roguelike Zelda inspired videogame, but it is more of a Knack 1 and Knack 2
This game makes you feel like your playing Spider-Man
This is the Dark Souls of comment sections
And then there's Wattam.
If you put a compilation like this, it's triggering me a lot
there are actually only three games in existence: devil may cry, breath of the wild, and dark souls, but not a lot of people know that these are all actually inspired by the 1980 movie "The Shining" directed by Stanley Kubric, who actually credited the yet to be released album "Jesus is King" from Kanye West as a major source of insperation
There are no new games. There is only Dark Souls and Zelda.
oh wow cant wait to play some more dark souls
Dunkey, can you do a video about all the rediculious hd/remakes next?
every game is breath of the dark souls
It's basically Crowbcat style video, but on dunkey channel
reviewer needs to learn not to use comparison for their review, learn other vocabulary ffs, your job uses words
Better than crowbcat ;l
It has a little something for everybody
This is the Dark Souls of Dunkey Videos
I expected Dark Souls and Zelda a lot but I didn't expect this much Devil May Cry
language has just not yet reached the point where talking about games imparts coherent thought
This is one of the truest art pieces on current media and you can't change my mind
Video games aren’t the thing that lacks originality
Somewhere out there, a games journalist just burst a blood vessel
Majority of them need a new writer
every game ever is literally just dark souls
I'm pretty sure superliminal is one of those unique experiences, at least I hope so
are you Crowbcat now?
this is why I have no motivation to get into game development, it feels like everything's been made and no ones gonna care about your game.
I'm not sure what point you're trying to make here. Pieces of art borrow from and build on other pieces of art. So what?
This is like playing Knack at Toby Fox's house
Notice how death stranding isnt there? *Originality*
Soulja boy did it first
I can't be the only one who got progressively more annoyed as the video went on lol
Thanks for the vid, now I don't need to sub to IGN
among us
Wow Dunkey, so derivative.
I just love how much more I hate IGN and their reviews every single time you make a video like this.
How to make games  Step 1: get inspiration of legends of Zelda breath of the wild  Step 2: get inspiration of legends of Zelda breath of the wild  Step 3:get inspiration of legends of Zelda breath of the wild  Step 4:get inspiration of legends of Zelda breath of the wild  Step 5:get inspiration of legends of Zelda breath of the wild  Step 6:get inspiration of legends of Zelda breath of the wild
There are more than 2 games, but less than 10 games
I kept waiting for him to talk and then when he did the video was over.
At some points, it kinda looks like they're talking about ingredients In a expensive meal.
This is the Dark Souls of YouTube videos
Its got a little something for everyone.
I’ve never quite seen a video like this one, which borrows influence from Scorsese, Papa Johns, and I am idiot.
Darksiders 3 is clearly inspired by Darksiders 2
No joke, I'm amazed at how Dark Souls has had an impact on the video game industry.
Back here. The state of the video-game discussion is broken to the core and it made me sad
I think it also helps describing mechanics shortly
This, ladies and gentlemen, is what we call a rabbit hole.
This video is a little like crowbcat mixed with ign
can't wait for dunkey to come up with original game design so he can shit on these tripolaes company
Dunkey speaks for 10 seconds... Still a fucking hilarious video!
Original ideas are rarer than diamonds now a day
Daily video less gooo ... I mean weekly .. damn
“I’ve NEVER played a game like this, a game like these five other games”
Guy who has only ever seen boss baby: yeah this movie is giving me some boss baby vibes
The market is in desperate need of a game that brings something new, something that is so unique that it inspires unoriginality in its wake. We need the Breath of the Wild, the Dark Souls, the Bioshock of the 2020s. Games have gone stale
I mean thats art for you dunkey. You haft to be inspired to create. Just like how your videos aren't original either.
The ghost of Tsushima comparison was so balls
yea, reviewers are dumb, is there something else im supposed to draw from this
Nothing beats bayonetta
Man, this made me sad.
Pretty boring meta-commentary. Nothing new, and no intelligent discussion in the comments. Hope you're putting this out to buy time while you come up with something good.
this video aged me 5 years
Dunkey draws his charismatic inspiration from Lewis Black while molding his platform after the legendary Leroy Jenkins. See, everyone is comparable
These games all have characters, so they borrow HEAVILY from Super Mario Bros. Which as we all know was the first game with characters, enemies, and graphics.
Do not reinvent the wheel, just realign it
Can't wait for: originality in YouTube comments
That was headache inducing. Surely they can use more than comparisons to explain a game.
Wait, the point is? Play Nintendo games?
that was painful to watch dunky
Dark Souls is truly the first strand game
Everything is DARK SOULS !!!
I get that this is a joke but genre is always cumulative and literally meant to be compared to its predecessors for the purpose of having a sense of expectation. Nothing about this trend is remarkable or unique to gaming
Yeah but this video is like Crowbcat. Everything is inspired by something. That's how art progresses.
Death stranding is the only strand type game ever. Originality 💯
New rule. You can't compare it to Dark Souls unless you beat it or watch someone beat it
"There's nothing quite like... " 1 second later "It's like..."
These games really makes you feel like batman
Dark souls is a game which redefined its genre by including big mushrooms that have a family of little mushrooms traipsing peacefully through a beautiful forest.
Dunkey at this point in time originality is only inspirations mashed from different corners into something new. that’s what originality has been for decades now in gaming and far longer in other forms of media. Theres nothing new unless a new format to use these games comes into the picture like vr, and even then nothing 100% original. Originality in gaming died after pong came out by this videos logic.  You give it a try bud.
I hate game reviewers so much it's unreal
Ayy
If y’all in the comments haven’t played Hades yet, you definitely should
I'm really hoping for a dark souls amongus experience with just a touch of knack sprinkled in with a little bit of minecraft pocket edition (when it first came out and there was like 5 blocks)
they're all copying fortnite
This game has combat, kind of a dark souls clone tbh
dark souls: the dark souls of dark souls
It's like every modern franchise is just copying Bookworm Adventures Deluxe  smh 🤦‍♂️  Not to mention all the Knack 2 knock-offs
Thank you Dark Souls.
So everything copies Zelda or Dark souls
So what your saying in “ The legend of Cry Devil”
More games need to look at Knack for influence.
I am a smorgasbord of whomst've
This video is the Dark Souls of videos about games that are like Dark Souls that are similar to Dark Souls which draw a lot of inspiration from games like Dar
The way objects interact with barriers, you can tell this game draws some inspiration from pong
I love how the top down dungeon crawlers give no credit to Diablo..   Keep up the great work dunko pop
He's never played a game like deathloop before because of all of the kicking
Doesn't have controls remotely like Dark Souls, but it is too hard for a game journalist. Clearly a Dark Souls rip off.
I wonder if this is a burn about video games themselves not having originality, or burn about critics themselves not having originality.
Yes Dukley. People use familiar comparisons to help convey their point. Its a basic method of communication. And art tends to draw inspiration from other art. Fetch me the supervisor.  I want my 3 and a half minutes back.
Feeding fremzy 2 shipwreck showdown was the last original game.
I cant belive shadow of the colosus climbing took inspiration from zelda botw :0
we should get better at not doing this but human brain = meat toothpaste and comparisons and copying are nice shortcuts
You know... It's not even that the games themselves are necessarily this generic. It's just that these lazy reviewers have no other way to describe something than to compare it to Zelda or Dark Souls.
*'zelda'*
Dunkey's content practically writes itself
All these titles are just a bunch of strand type games.
This is a strand type video
So many games have taken influence from Dark Souls, but none of them have managed to do it as well as a Souls game
"There are not games like it" proceeds to name games like it.
"All the good stories have already been written." Some Greek guy 2400 years ago.          Clearly the dark souls of ancient Greek playwrights.
We've done everything already. Video games are dead. I will now invest my money in firearms.
this kinds of reminds me of Darksouls
... man... i hate the shit out of gaming journalists and all that... but there’s literally nothing wrong with comparing a game to another more popular game when talking about it.  this is insanely pretentious lmao.
This has the vibes of a Jake Paul video with the effort of a Logan Paul reaction TikTok
Man, it's like these guys have never heard of a genre before.
when pitching, never make comparisons
I totally agree. One of my least favorite things when watching anything video game related is that every game is supposedly "like Dark Souls". Even when its not at all like Dark Souls. As a hardcore Dark Souls fan, its an immediate turn off when they start trying to compare an obviously non-souls-like to Dark Souls. I guess we're at the point where any game that has bosses are "like Dark Souls". Any game that has any type of melee weapon is like Dark Souls. Has a level up system? Its like Souls. Checkpoints? Souls. Dark theme? Souls. Its hard? Its like Souls. Third Person Combat? Souls. First person combat? Probably like Souls. Has enemies that respawn? Souls. Has a climbing mechanic? Thats like Breath of the Wild (which is of course a souls copy).
gta is like skyrim with guns
I feel like I just watched a Raycevick video.
Was… that supposed to be a commentary on something?
I guess these games have a little something for everyone.
The problem is they don't rip off souls and dmc even harder. Or just make more dark souls and dmc
Kirby star allies is a platformer similar to the likes of mario, but the final boss is a clear cut Dark Souls Inspired towering Titan, not too unlike shadow of the colossus.
You may be a sort of comedian in your gameplays, or a 'showman' and even ironic in your game reviews... but I honestly find you to be one of the most real and true critics and analysts in this gaming industry
Yo Dunkeu. If you donn make mor vodkas I will be sad for days
So apparently games were you have to dodge the enemies attacks is inspired Dark Souls and Dark Souls only
But there is anything like knack
Verbal shorthand that stands as a good description doesn't equal unoriginality
If you grew up in the 90s you've already played everything
Did the demons souls remaster steal from dark?
This video is gonna get taken down by YouTube for nudity.
I’d say that this video is a refreshing idea, with hints of the first strand type game, Fortnite
This is really a criticism of games journalism more than it is of the games themselves.
THEN I SHOULD JUST BUY DARK SOULS!
I like to play a little game whenever I play new games where I pretend I'm an ign reviewer. But the catch is I'm only allowed to compare it to other games I've played.
There's nothing quite like X Except *lists 5 other games*
i mean, to be fair darksiders 3 and dark souls are both 3d games ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
The review speaks for itself
Originality in gaming journalism.
So point is games journalists/critics can’t do anything but compare and throw in other games names to make them look like they know what the fuck they’re talking about
Oh god please, I fuckin hope I've never done this lol
"Note to self: don't get inspired by Dark Souls at Jerry Garcia's house."
such a high quality video, Dunky doesn’t disappoint
What I got from this is players like faster paced action, roguelites, and dodge mechanics.  Honestly though when something reaches the popularity of video games, it conveys a lot more to compare it to popular titles than to try to describe its mechanics on your own.
How bout new syrand type games
Same with the movies nowadays
Too bad Dunkey made this before Chocobo GP was announced, a very original game.
the thing is, wether something is inspired by, copying, or a knockoff of something else and i feel a lot of people use those words interchangeably
It's bomberman meets the sims
Unpopular opinion: Pong was inspired by Dark Souls
Dunkey i literally had one of the worst days of my life today and i got home flopped onto bed opened youtube and seeing a new upload from you really made everything better. Thank you for being my favorite black grandma
This makes me appreciate zero punctuation and  yahtzees style of reviewing all the more
ok but there’s only one strand type game… right?
what did Dunkey mean by this
Knack is the only game we had in a while that is original
The last game that I would call completely original was Catherine
The amount of shitty content dunkey has to consume in order to be able to make these videos must be insane… we appreciate you dunko
Life seamlessly takes inspiration from fortnite and cooking mama 2
As Picasso once said "Good artists copy, geniuses steal". Dark Souls is the perfect example of this.  "Soulslike" games already existed before Dark Souls, why everyone says "soulslike" then? Because Dark Souls was  good to the point of apropiating the whole genre. That's why you hear things like "this game is a Dark Souls ripoff" and not "this game is a King's Field ripoff".
Point well made sir. Couldn't have put it better myself.
what is "Originality"? is that like a japanese word or something? gotta google this now.
BIG BEAN BURRITO
Little bit of olive ol.
taken from Dark Souls. Classic.
This really says a lot about our society
Not every game can bring in a new genre like the strand type game, popularized by the original strand type game, Knack
What's the game at 0:22?
Humans are not capable of an original thought, I really wish we would stop trying to beat people over the head trying to get original thoughts, without the inspiration of the world around us, we would have nothing, NOTHING.
i don't get it. are they not allowed to refer to games that the game they're reviewing is clearly inspired by?
Man, they’re even trying SEO nonsense in videos
This was the hardest 3 minutes of my life
Thank you dark souls
I too enjoy originality in games journalism
i mean, can you blame people for running out of ideas in an industry that's been around for about 5 decades?
This has less to do with video games and more to do with lazy reporting & reviewing imo.
does anyone know what game was shown at 0:20 ?
Ah yes, game journalism. Truly a beautiful industry.  Edit: Nobody asked for your opinions my dudes. Why are you trying to defend game journalists lmao
This video clearly draws inspiration from Crowbcat
Yeah but bubsy 3d is gex mixed with darksouls.
I don't get it
Capitalism breeds innovation
game journalism.
video games really are still in their infancy. hopefully this video helps people appreciate games that use a more unique method of presentation and interaction like papers please
Damn this compilation is making me cringe
Dude stop. this is depressing....
this says a lot about society
Nah all this games are mostly a mix of Final Fantasy, World of Warcraft, Zelda, Knack, Shaq-Fu, and Call of Duty: Yoshi's Revenge
all im gonna say is that nowadays if you want to come up with a game that has a completely original concept to where people are going to make zero comparisons to another game, youd have to collect a massive team of gods or something. Its either thats true, or my sense of imagination and creativity has rotted so far down to nothing that ill think "originality" in games is impossible when it obviously is (if it is)
Have you seen the new chinese dark souls trailer? ... If that's not a rip-off, I don't know what is
It's almost like the creation of a completely new idea that can be explained in a concise manner is actually very difficult to achieve.
I understand now why I play Final Fantasy 14 all the time.
I hate how if any game has even a single puzzle is instantly Zelda-Like
This racing game clearly takes inspiration from dark souls
What's the game that looks like a cartoon?
it was so disconcerting to not hear dunkeys voice for almost the entire video lol
“In reality, Persona 5 Strikers is far closer an action RPG like Kingdom Hearts.”  Excuse me, what.
It has a little something from everything
it really makes you feel like dark souls
POV: you can't describe a genre
Fans of Crowbcat will notice many similarities in Dunkey's latest video, with Dunkey's trademark YouTube style of "talking" almost completely omitted here in favour of compiling videos of video game reviewers indirectly complaining about some aspect of the video game industry.
When are we getting a Knack attack...Lol *Thanks* *For* *The* *Content* ! (based off of Dark Souls.)
What if I don't know dark soul
This is like the dark souls of YouTube videos. And I'm here for it bestie
Inlike this, this is funny, there is also a lot of good games here that you could pick and play if you searched for them
Another question how come kratos aged so much seriously none of the other gods did so how come heated? But he aged pretty fast shouldn't be aging slower since he's not completely human he's only human on his mother's side who he had to kill anyway when he went to find his brother by accident and then saw his brother get killed right in front of him
This youtube video has taken inspiration from... Dark Souls, Zelda: BOTW, and Mario Odyssey...
Notice how nobody mentioned anything close to a strand-type game?
Still waiting on the dragons dogma monter-climbing mechanic to show up one of these days. I'm surprised botw left that out. The feeling of climbing a titan like monster to either tear of some armor to expose their innate weakness of just plain gouge out an eye was extremely satisfying.
You know what IS original? "Mr cow" by eku1.
It’s like Skyrim. But with pokemon
Oh yeah, if you are so smart, what's the inspiration for Assassin's Creed then ?
I’d blame this issue more on critics, the actual journalistic aspect of video game reviewing has become so black and white that these reviewers just spit out basic analogies to get their paychecks
So what I gather from this is the very first games ever made were DmC, Dark Souls, and LoZ BotW.
Like Skyrim with guns.
Plus in the new God of war when you get your blades back they're not the same they're extremely slow now
10/10 -ign
That is a beefy arguement
it has breadcrumbs of Gex, lil bit of Knack and whole lot of SUPAH MARYO BROTHAS TWOOOOOOOOOOOO!
Game reviewers are all unanimously creatively bankrupt.  Dunkey, please do another long-form game review.
As a games analyst, this feels like an attack lol
I think what I hate the most is when an entire franchise changes the exact setup of what they have let's say GTA just changed itself to a dark souls in a way people be like what the f*** happened to GTA? That's kind of my inspiration for God of war and a bunch of other games what happened? Why they have to do this? Why they have the ruined an entire good franchise?
game journalist can't think of anything interesting or original to say during their reviews so they just say "oh it's like ____ lol"
And dark souls is inspired by monster hunter.
It has gotten really ridiculous how much companies have started to rely on other games for inspiration, like seriously, I know that it's hard to come up with an idea but good lord make it different from the inspiration at least
im gonna be honest I dont really see the point of this video.  Is he dunking on the reviewers? maybe in some of these videos the reviewer is stretching the definition of "inspired by Dark Souls" but it is undeniably true that important games like Dark Souls or Breath of the Wild have ripple effects on the industry. its perfectly reasonable that a reviewer would mention where a game draws inspiration from so that the viewer has a way to understand.  or is he dunking on the games themselves for lacking originality? again I dont really understand this, not every game needs to reinvent the wheel nor can they even do that. Developers taking what they like from past games and making it into their own thing is a phenomenon that has done wonders for gaming in general.
"Nothing quite like this" **lists off inspirations and things quite like it**
I think it really pisses me off the games are like cold dark souls related and it's like you look at them they're not even close to dark souls they have one little aspect that is at all the same and it's still not the same
There have been many Souls-type games and many Zelda-type games, but Death Stranding was the first ever strand-type game. Truly Kojima is a creative genius.
Let it die is not a dark souls series at all has nothing to do with it anybody that says different is brain damage because you do not pick up your items when you die you can purchase your corpse again but that is not the same don't compare it with the dark souls series you're just being a moron
Do people know Stamina bars existed in games before BOTW?
Amongus
I know this FEELS like a dunk, but people are influenced by a lot of things around them. No artist in any medium is without their influences.
laziest. fucking. video. of all time.  i love it.
Ive never played Dark Souls and have no clue what it means....
You can really see the effect Pong had on modern gaming.
Please insert “original” comments like: This is a strand type game, It makes you feel like Spiderman, and “This is like a game from Dunkey’s house.” -Gex
F*** remnant really don't like its controls the shittiest controls I have to deal with it's a really I have to hold a particular button to use this particular weapon thanks game why don't I just press a different button and then have it stay as that and then press another button and then it stays as that I don't know something more easier something less stupid for this or at least give me the option to change the controls for f*** sake I hate these controls
bro dont you dare attack Chicory like that
oh shit thing like other thing
This this crowbcat?
You know I like the original God of war one and two three was all right until I realized there was an item or something that just couldn't find and I was going for the achievement for some reason none of the videos showed all the items if they do I never got the chivo for it which doesn't seem fair but as far as I've noticed none of the videos actually show you where all the items are there's always that one blank spot I'm just thinking I get that glitch it's not the first time this has happened in the game
Holy shit this gave me an aneurysm. Thanks I hate it.
To be fair in order for a game to feel completely fresh it basically need to be a genre, otherwise its bound to resemble something else, its like the simpsons have done everything problem.  Thr only time something feels fresh is when its either a new genre or a completely new way to approach a genre. And trying to make a new genre is like trying to imagine a new color, you cant picture what you havent seen, it almost needs to be stumbled upon.
life's like dark souls and a hint of zelda, unforgiving and has the theme of dark and light side of reality but is land slided by dark times most of the time.
All these videos here, remind me the time I fart.
"Dunkys videos all clearly take inspiration from dark souls." - some youtube review in the next 5 years
Playing this Dark Souls Zelda really makes you feel like Batman.
Brilliant
I NEED MORE DUNKEY
Journos can't review a thing without overly likening it to half the market. Cars and Videogames most of all. It's so lazy.
I love when people say you ripped of a game, if itis in the same genre. You also don't call every crime story a sherlock holmes knock off
Speaks as much for the lack of creativity on reviewer side as it does for the games. Deathloop sounds the freshest in this compilation. And the Dark Souls comparison for Nioh is not very accurate, it looks similar on first glance, but is structured around completely different systems and structure...
Gex was right this whole time  Every video game level can be described as a combination of pre-existing levels and/or celebrities
I'd like to see Skyrim but with pokemon. I've sent letters to Nintendo and Bethesda already
This makes me want to throw up
So if it´s a open world it´s BOTW, if it´s any other game type it is Dark Souls.
0/10. Nit enough Knack in this video
Dunkey you should do a video on/ranking the monkey themed boss fights in video games. Im sure youll find some great stuff
Thats how the cookie crumbles dunk. Darks soul 2 best game of all time ever baby see you layer
Creative Writing in Video Game Essays
Really says a lot about the state of the gaming industry not a lot of new concepts just profit safe moves
You Do Realise that a week today is the 1st of October? o_O   And that means we gotta re-install DOOOOOOOOOOOM!
On one hand, yeah.  On the other hand, remember when every FPS was a DOOM clone?
in short, god bless japanese developers
Uno with a little mortal combat and animal crossing
Knack 2 took a clear inspiration from Knack.
They literally compared every game to Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild
I feel as though Dunkey made this video just to test what conclusions we'll come to as to what he is trying to convey since it's all so vague.
These games really make you feel like Breath of the Wild.
The game has combat and is a little bit difficult... MUST BE A DARK SOULS RIP-OFF
Death Stranding was original and everyone hated it.
These ones are my favorite
dark souls is inevitable
You wont get that in a Nintendo game
This video has a small hint of Zelda and dark souls
I cant tell if hes dunking on the games or the reviews. Both are technically valid
did he say Dark Soul?!?
i mean, this is more of a critique of game reviews than the games themselves. almost every game takes inspiration from games before it, that's why we have game genres after all
Think monopoly, with inspiration from the NRA
Who pitches things in elevators? Who even talks to other people in elevators?
Dark Souls 3 is clearly heavily inspired by Dark Souls 1
At this point is it even possible to make a game that isn't somewhat like an existing one?
this video uses purely other people's clips and audio, so I'm sad to say it is a completely unoriginal video by Dunkey
Gex is like a combination between darksouls, knack, fortnite, super mario galaxy, assasins creed odyssey, and Gex
Deathloop is actually very creative, though.
True, but also originality in video game reporting.  It's like saying that this cut of beef is like that cut of beef, but not quite a Wagyu steak
Remember when everything was an open world with crafting and "do anything you want" because Minecraft became popular back then?  Now we get brs and competitive hero shooters with the lore available on twitter and youtube
I  think this says more about originality in game reviews than the games.
How does one pitch an elevator?
I swear these reviews are made by people who haven't played these games, for people who never play games. The most painful moments of this were comparing Tales of Arise to Guilty Gear Xrd, God of War to Onimusha, and Persona 5S to Kingdom Hearts!!!!!! What would the developers of these games think???
Games reviews are a fucking joke. Do these writers lack the vocabulary to describe video games they’ve put dozens of hours into without using other popular games as shorthand?
tbh this is why I play board games more than video games now
Pokemon fans when they saw the arceus trailer
Soo, what's your point?
Is he criticizing the games or the journalists i deadass cant tell
the reality of video games. it's getting boring and repetitive guys
videogamedunkey videos are essentially darksydephil videos mixed with a little bit of nostalgia critic and a dark souls bonfire system
Nice job cutting out the excessive nudity this time.
Dunkey - Critiques originality in video games  Also Dunkey - Hates Death Stranding
If you guys liked any of these games you should check out this cool game called Dark Souls.
Fucking pathetic. The absolute state of game journos.
As a game student, I can tell you that they heavily market the idea that your game pitches should be "one game mixed with another!"
oh
So Zelda (Especially BotW) and Dark Souls inspired 99% of modern gaming industry. Interesting.
Never thought I would see a LET IT DIE reference
how many were influenced by SMB2 tho
Dunkey really said a lot with this video and he only speaks once.
2:07 what is that game?
To be fair, the best of everything has already been made. There’s little room for innovation nowadays just because no one can think of anything else that someone hasn’t already done better  The only hope is a entirely new hardware or a program that forces originality just because it’s incapable of doing “platforming” or “shooter” while still being good at the same time
Every game is actually Dark Souls
Is it that video games are unoriginal or is it that journalists are too smooth brained to write about a game without just comparing it to others
climbing and gliding = breath of the wild
I feel like this video is a bit unfair. The comments are made to inform the viewer of what kind of game its like so the viewer can easily identify if its up their ally. Sometimes people need that kinda baseline explanation of what something is. Could reviewers leave out these comparisons and just focus on what the game is more? Sure. But its really not that important and doesn't make games less original or anything when you can describe them with other games mechanical or artistic descriptions. Love Dunkey's videos but this one ain't it.
this video really makes you FEEL unoriginal as a human being
"Ive never played a game like deathloop before" except the 5 that came right off the top of my head.
As someone who watches a fair bit of video game media, I honestly just wish the souls series wasn't as big as it was, It seems like every channel out there just leans on it too much, every top 10 list has to have one soulsborne reference, every review has "Its kinda like dark souls", it's just got tiresome and cheap.
Man these journalists and games suck
Didn't know anything about Scarlet Nexus, now I'm buying it thanks dunk
I guess god of war game play turned into dark souls game play which is now every game i guess? Thanks dark souls.
It's like dark souls but with guns
This is brilliant
Sooo everything is dark souls. Got it
I was waiting for Dunkey to chime in for the entire video. When he finally said something, I was busting out laughing.
This is one of the many reasons i never ever even think about trusting a video game journalist or care about what he/she thinks
At least Knack is original
Zelda + Devil May Cry = Profit
Dang, did dunk-man just hit the crowbcat quan on em!? Someone get Todd Howard on the phone
HAS THE ENTIRE WORLD FORGOTTEN ABOUT NINJA GAIDEN
Yeah, people compare things they know to other things.....you nailed it, dunk
tl;dr these reviewers only play dark souls
What does Dark Souls remind these people of?
Did this dude just compare deathloop to darksoul?
Everything sprouts from something older, from Ping-Pong to Pong, Pen and Paper to RPG’s, and physics for a numerous amount of titles.   Iteration, adaptation and evolution of genres don’t make them unoriginal; just like how every story borrows foundations from what came before it, so do games, as does all art.   I honestly think this is more of a condemnation of reviewers being “lazy” and just comparing games that play the same. Which is good for a quick skim but not really meant for a review...
A little bit like call of duty with elements of uno
Summary: "It makes you feel like zelda" "It's a little bit like zelda"
You must be really missing the strand type game now huh donkey.
I really love it when Dunkey sticks it to Game Journalists by doing these types of videos showcasing how fucking lazy they are at writing their reviews lolz.   Stick it to them, Dunkey!!!
Dark souls really took inspiration from Dark souls .....more legend of dunkey
There no such thing as originality, everything is inspired by something that is inspired by real life with a twist of imagination.
These games are clearly just knock offs of Videogamedunkey.
watching this video depresses me cause soon there will be no originality or creativity left in games it would be like COD.
Dunkey isn't like any other YouTuber. He's like a mixture of Jake Paul and PewDiePie.
I like how apparently every single game where it slightly challenges you is taking from dark souls according to game critics
This is actually sad
"wait, it's all just remixes?" Dictionary: "always has been"
Writing reviews like everyone is familiar with the last 20 years of video games is certainly a quicker way to describe mechanics, it's got to leave newbies lost thinking WTF they're talking about.
When a games journalist encounters any sort of difficulty in a video game: "What the hell, this is just like sark douls?!!11!"
Dark Souls is like Deathloop? What the actual fuck are these guys on
Im a video game developer who has been following Dunkey for years.  I recently started down my own path of creating original video games for VR. One of my fallback lines is "would dunkey like this?" XD Im currently making a puzzle survival game in set in a maze with different monster/personalities/sidequests/endings. I hope one day you get to play it dunkey :p
I kinda hate the video game industry
Journalists reviewing the original Doom: The gameplay is a lot like Pong
so every game is actually the same game. Good to know
i think the real issue is that video game "journalists" arent the brightest
I’ve never played a game like deathloop   *X - DOUBT*
This video is the YouTube equivalent of a sestina in poetry.
Immortal Joe was right.  Mediocre
THEY HAVE A BIRD SKATING GAME?
"There's nothing quite like this game. Here are the things that are like it."
Great, so what's a truly original game then, since you're the expert?
If you're not going to make something original, then learn to master what already exists. Also, obligatory "This game makes you FEEL like -Batman- Darksouls."
I somewhat agree and disagree with this video. Companies wanting to make money are obvisouly going to steal ideas that work from other games and I can imagine that it is quite rampant. In that regard, I agree, there must be a lot of blatant stealing. But, I also think games can have similiar aspects and not be stealing or held to a standard as a clone. For example, I don't like to hear that a game is "zelda-like" because there are some similiarities. It is a good way to describe a game by reviewers so the audience know what they are in for. However, "zelda-like" encompasses so many broad aspects. If you are wanting to make a 2D, action RPG, adventure game and you don't want the player to run from the start to the finish, you have to segment areas off. Then to progress the protagonist has to overcome some sort of challenge to progress to the next area. It is only natural then that you use dungeon-esque biomes, bosses, or some sort of puzzle mechanic.   From memory, Zelda may have done that first, but that is because it had been around since the 80's. By default, I don't think that every game that uses this progression is a "zelda-like" game or rip-off. Rant over
Super mario 64 takes heavy inspiration from dark souls 3.
what's the game at 2:08?
1:28 i mean...
Wish I could make a vid that's just a bunch of clips of other vids and hit 8 on trending. Gotta love paying your rent with a less than 10 minute vid.
If only we could get a strand type game with inspiration from breath of the wild, with some devil may cry elements and a hint of forza
"It has a little something for everyone."
The game really makes you feel like dark souls
I'm not gonna lie dunk this was a bit of a miss compared to some of your other videos because Breath of the Wild made it so that's just in every open world game now
Don't you see!? Everything is Dark Souls! Even though it's clearly not, it is.
Only thing I hear is:  "How the F are we winning so much money reviewing games when we clearly cannot say anything but buzzwords".
I think this is more of a commentary on the decline of video game journalism (looking at you IGN).
Trapaholics mixtapes
"A little something for everyone." - IGN
Now do a vid where each game shown, _doesn't_ share a single *comparable aspect* smfh this is a bad video.
Wtf
There's nothing quite like Dunkey vids; they draw from Martin Scorsese and Zack Snyder-like filmography and story-telling, while drawing inspiration WIseau-type surreal humor.
These idiot reviewers are just marketing chumps. You know how I know? I used to work at a book store and they'd have seasonal publisher events to tell us how to sell new and upcoming books. EVERY fucking title they talked about was "it's a mix between [popular book] and [another popular book]." So they'd be saying shit like, "This new piece of shit book is like if Hunger Games meets Twilight" and that's all it had going for it.
*clicks on dunkey video and immediately sees bridge of spirits*  “Choose your next words carefully” *loads gun*
9/10 not enough water
Prepare for more loops games / Prepare for more loops games / Prepare for more loops games / Prepare for more loops games / Prepare for more loops games /
Shots fired! lol
This could've been 10 minutes longer if you included all the "it's like GTA" games
You could have titled this Originality in Video Game reviewers and I wouldn't have known  the difference.  Has anyone whose played Hades ever played Gauntlet?  Or Smash TV?  Or Geometry Wars?
why don't you talk?
It's not so much about originality in video games than ineptitude in gaming journalism IMO...
There’s nothing quite like it       *Mentions a bunch of games it’s just like*
You know what they say; Imitation is the greatest form of admiration.
I thought I was watching a crowbcat video, but then dunkey finally said something.
Dungest Douls
wait I thought this gonna be *AMOGUS FRIDAY* video
Wait, it's all Dark Souls?
leave sable alone the ost rules
Knack 2 baby
God, I feel physically sick hearing all of these "Like x game"
Moral of the story: Dark Souls is fking good.
It all comes back to Devil May Cry and Zelda
If you don’t like dark souls or Zelda then get a soldier boy console.
Jokes aside... there's not a lot of originality in gaming...
1:49 okay but what’s that game
Thank you Dark Souls.
but ALL video games came from PONG  so yeah, you're welcome.
Another masterpiece
Breath of the Wild barrows a lot of elements from Dark Souls, Dark Souls barrows a lot of elements from Zelda.
Be grateful that a lot of this games are inspired by good games mechanics, imagine the day where we are saturated with death stranding inspired games.
Yes, people describe video games using examples from other video games.   Very observant of you.
This reminds me of a TerakJK video
its kind of a cosmic gumbo that moves to the beat of jazz
Games are really original these days
Gotta play indie games like Kinacoustic if you want a unique experience.
ya but what about beef soulz?
Every modern game is now dark souls
It's trivial.
clearly brought inspiration from crowbcat videos
Damn it's not even drama monday
Ffs im so happy you made this video dunky. I am so tired of hearing people call everything a soulslike metroidvania like zelda
I think this speaks more of game critics lazy writing than developers being original
Stamina bar, climbing, gliding, horses… reminded me of Shadow of the Colossus
Is this a commentary on how all games are the same Or a commentary on how no matter what a game studio does, their game will always be compared to other games by lazy "video game journalists" Or a commentary on how "video game journalists" insist on comparing every new game to the same handful of earlier games in the form of buzz words so often that it encourages game designers to keep making the same games over and over
Death Stranding is the first strand type game making it very original while heavily borrows tap water from jerry garcia
Most of these were inspired by Book worm imo.
Some of them are original. If it's a mix of 2 drastically different games, it's unique. It's also weird how game journalists impose this idea of inspiration.
What I have been saying for the past decade, condensed in one whole video. Thank you Dunkey.
I always have ideas for games but then I realize it’s just another game
damn dunkey you could have made the troll video longer  xDDD
When crash bandicoot got remastered. "Soulslike" game
Now that you mention, the new Call Of Duty has borrowed a lot from Dark Souls and nothing from any of it's FPS predecessors.
I understand mentioning a game’s inspiration or likeness, so a player or customer can go “oh yeah, it’s like Zelda? I liked Zelda!” But when you start saying a game is like 6 different parent games… I don’t know, just don’t bother mentioning it?  These days, originality is nearly dead, and it’s not really anyone’s fault. The more movies, games, and shows that release, the more it’s gonna be difficult to make something new.
Good artists borrow, great artists steal
Every game that includes a sword is souls like
These names just give us shorthands to compare and understand quickly what games would be like. Everything always has been copies + tweaks of things before it.
this played much like a crowbcat video, well done dunk
Notice how he didn't show Death Stranding, since it's the first and only strand type game
Every FPS made “oh it’s like call of duty”
I don't think there's anything wrong with taking inspiration from what works, and at the same time, something totally original is appreciated. Remember when all FPS games around the late 19s and 2000's were called DOOM Clones?
It’s like nothing we’ve seen before:  Continues to list things it’s similar to.
I hate this. Nice video.
Holy shit i think i realized why its become harder and harder for me to get into any new game getting released. Its because ive already fucking played them in another game.
There is no innovation without inspiration.
Microsoft Solitaire 2022 borrows heavily from New Super Mario Bros.' "Luigi Casino" mode
Not enough dunkey
This video isn't a demonstration of a lack of originality in games - instead, this just shows that a lot of video game reviewers are lazy. Try and write a review that doesn't say "this game is like _____", I dare you.
there is only so many ways to make video games..
I've counted 17 "dark souls"
Dunkey your just not paying attention, I have this great idea, a whole new GENRE, never been anything like it, I call it: strand type games
“Thats a phrase you hear all the time these days but in this case-“ Dunkey just cuts her off mid sentence
Dark Souls is like the Dark Souls of Dark Souls.
I like it when it really makes me feel like Zelda
In dark souls remastered, it takes a lot of the action mechanics from game of year bubsy 3D
Yeah, it's almost like using a reliable formula for a project is a GOOD idea??? Who knew?
Game critics are lack of words to describe a game these days I guess
I feel like this is more an allegory of terrible game description. No one uses any sort of narrative or proper description anymore. As the great Uncle has said....why dont I just read the back of the box, at least that's more exciting.
this video just makes me hate people who do game reviews.
It really is kind of sad that game reviews make so many comparisons, and have basically devolved into saying a game is like X mixed with Y and a hint of Z.  It's convenient because it puts a predefined idea in the viewer's head, but you miss out on any nuances that inevitably make a game unique. UI, atmosphere, presentation, the music, the pacing, the story. You could say that a third person, fantasy RPG that's really hard is like Dark Souls, but what if it's actually very colourful and hits more noble hero story beats? Not so Dark Souls anymore. Actually more like Skyrim in third person.
Video games are the Dark Souls of video games.
I fucking love Kena, its my GOTY, i returning to what makes adventure games fun. thats all I want.
It's Dark Souls all the way down
Unoriginal doesnt necessarily equal bad, the reason games suck these days is because just about any clown with a computer can make one but most people aren't creative or intelligent enough to make one that halfway doesn't suck regardless of originality or lack thereof.
With platforming like Bubsy 3D
I wonder what the mmo version of this would look like...
Hint games that are original are classics... be the first and your the best.
Moral of the story, just play dark souls
This dunkey video is basically a zelda video combined with the energy of a dunkey video
>Video game: Is hard >”It shares some similarities and takes inspiration from dark souls
pong has a bit of zelda and devil may cry inside of it, and the first thing of i thought of it was that it was a complete knockoff of zelda breath of the wild.
All memes aside, nothing good is made without taking inspiration from something else. The problem is when you rely entirely on the inspiration to try and make something original.
wow this is just like crowbcat
This is the Dark Souls of video game reviews.
This video is fucking insane. Thanks for curating this all together. Jesus christ
So true. Put a sword in a game with puzzles and its instantly "inspired by Zelda".
Yea I agree
Knack 2 is nothing but bold and unique.
There’s nothing wrong with taking inspiration, that’s just how the gaming industry evolve… they build upon the previous iteration.
When it gets to the point where you have to combine 3 or more genres to explain a game, then it's just an original game. I hate the way reviewers combine stuff to explain games its so annoying. Thank you for this video I thought I was alone.
Dark Soul clearly took inspiration from Gex.
dunkey is the Dark Souls of critics. His unparalleled skill may remind you of Zelda Breath of the Wild and packs a punch like the Batman Arkham Series.
You forgot the part where every metroidvania is a Hollow Knight Copy
Because everything is Dark Souls when it's hard on first try.
This is just another Dream like video with RPG elements attached to the color ready video adaptation of the poem I write in 3rd grade, which was based on The Legend of Zelda  ripoff,  Secret of Evermore.
so we made a game it's like botw but dark souls
Is this really a problem with originality in games or more a problem of the limitations in how we talk about games?
Wow these people have jobs? Wtf.
It's like Speed 2, but on a bus!
This is why all the games I play right now are 10+ years old.
Media theory with dunkey. There is no text except as a reference
eldest souls borrowing heavily from dark souls... who writes these reviews 🤣
10/10 it's got a little dark souls for everyone
Even pong, the first console game is borrowing it's concet from table tennis. Games never were original, until first Strand type game.
This rules and I’m sorry you had to watch so many of these
this is the most aggravating thing I have ever watched I will continue to not watch video reviews of video games  thanks for taking the hits for the rest of us, Dunkey
This is WAY too honest 😂
Game reviewers know that Dark Souls didn't invent 3D combat right?
A little something for everyone
yes
This just highlights how trash videogame journalism is.
when a game is said to resemble dark souls, I dont even know what that is meant to mean now. A game can feature a sword and "OMG~! SOULS-LIKE!"
bruh nah this video is the dark souls of bruh
9/10. It has a little something for everyone.
so everyone copies dark souls, got it. But who DS copied from?
We can't expect Crowbcat to do all the work
I said it about 2 years ago, there are only 3 types of 3rd person action games anymore. Souls, DMC, and Arkham
Has anyone ever really played dark souls tho?
Wait so was death stranding the most unique game?
Alternatively. Game journalists are shit at talking about the games they review.
Oh look another dunkey video             :/
This is depressing.
This is interesting . A kind of game came out and people called that type of game ***like . Such as Doom like game .
Originality in Video Game Journalism
" Its got a little something for everyone "
What the actual Fuck does goat simulator build off of ? Hint of Zelda ? Bit of GTA?
Game journalist after losing to a CPU opponent in Mario Party: "It's just like Dark Souls".
All these video games are just trying to capture the charm of Bookworm Adventures
7 on trending in 5 hours
I get the feeling you're not a fan of ign
It's not the games that lack originality it's the game journalists.
Watched this whole video thinking it was just the opening
I honestly never even play video games anymore unless it’s something truly different and new. Maybe I’m being too cynical or ignorant but most new games feel boring and played out.
I find it incredible someone can claim to say they've never played anything like deathloop, then claim they've also played dishonored.
Hey its all the verified accounts that comment on half the videos I watch and enjoy. God the comment section is just disappointing.
This is less of a gaming issue and more of a review issue. The way we look at things is we compare them to other things. Games are unique media in that you interact with the game via the game's mechanics and controls. There are only so many ways you can design game mechanics so obviously games are going to draw inspiration from other successful games that did various things well. Yes some games are blatantly ripping off other popular games, but those will never stand the test of time. Breath of the wild is approaching being 5 years old while still being a landmark in the gaming industry. In 4 years is genshin impact even going to be played? What about a decade?
this was like the dark souls 2 of video games metacommentary with a hint of the Stanley parable
I swear I hate it when people compare games to Dark Souls because of its difficulty.   You do know that there are OTHER difficult games RIGHT? IT'S NOT JUST DARK SOULS
People complain but again want the same,ehhhhhhh,every song and game needs to be a clone
Saying Deathloop has a bit of Outer Wilds because there is a time loop is like saying Crash has a bit of Dark Souls because there is deaths in it.
Every game is dark souls
They should be honest and admit they borrow heavily from Bookworm Adventures Delux.
Yes, the stamina climbing was definitely from Breath of the Wild and not an older game like Shadow of the Colossus. -_-
Imagine how many mind numbing hours it took of listening to terrible video game reviews to get this video together.
This video  has elements of a Crowbcat video 🤨
This is what happens when an Industry refuses to take risk and they don't need to, Because you, the Consumers let them get away with it. Vote with your Money people
Things are like other things, shocking
There is no other game like death stranding tho
It's all darksouls now.
The editing style of this video clearly takes inspiration from videogamedunkey's video 'Collector's Edition'.
and then we hack KNACK.... it's one a kind BABYYYY!
Everyone knows that all games drove inspiration from Bubsy 3d
I just realised to anyone who has no idea about videogame culture a lot of these reviews are significantly less useful when they keep referencing other games they may not have played.
But can you feel like Batman or Spider-man?
It makes you feel like you're playing dark souls
so every game is either Zelda or DMC
Game Reviewers: “DIFFICULTY = DARK SOULS!”
Bruh that felt longer then 4 minutes
It plays like dark souls and luigi's mansion, but it makes you feel like gex.
I mean... yeah. That's how literally everything works lmao. In any form of science, technology, or art we're constantly just building off the work of our predecessors making small original contributions as we go along
This is dumb. Of course they're going to compare modern games to older games. Building on old ideas is called progress.
Everything is Dark Souls
Basically, there’s a little something for everyone. 10/10
God this is hard to watch
New need a new type of game.... a strand type of game
Classic!
This video clearly takes inspiration from PewDiePie and Baby Shark. Almost a complete knock off, but with enough of a spin that it gives it a refreshing feel. Clearly reusing similar aspects like the Video and Audio features though, it's hard to see how there isn't a civil suit already in play for Plagiarism.
Game developers have no originality, that’s why I prefer movies, “Paul Blart: Mall Cop” is so fucking smart, it’s basically “Die Hard” in a Mall, absolute genius
"Every FPS is just a DOOM clone."
Amazing
Everything borrows from something. But true originality does something new. And the new is taken from the old
Thank you dark Soul - Legend VideoGameDounkey
what's the name of the second game?
Onimusha should come back I don’t care what you guys say
This is why we need knack 3
Dodge = dark souls
Remember when all FPS games were called DOOM clones
they should patent those type of game, maybe they came up with something new
does having swords and a combat system make your game dark souls?
what I really can't wait is for: originality in YouTube comments
All these games are just copying pac man
Havent seen League footage that copied from DOTA
Spunky talks for 2 seconds towards the end
Didn’t know Dark Souls invented video games
hee haw indeed
These are just wii sports wanna be
It is like Breath of the Wild invented climbing and a stamina bar to do it...
'main stream' game journos are trash.  There's a reason I watch Dunkey, Sseth, and Mandalore. (and a few others) They can write and edit and have more then two braincells to rub together.
My favorite elevator pitch is still JelloApocalypse's description "Overwatch is just Team Fortress 2 with butts."
Sure, sure, but what game did Dark Souls take inspiration from?
Deathloop is the most unique game I've played in awhile. Elden Ring will be the magnum opus lets be honest.
This is like reading IGN reviews at Dunks house - Gex
Life imitates Dark Souls - Gex
This video clearly takes some inspiration from Crowbcat. -IGN
This video is just like Crowbcat
Very cool to have so many games that are all completely original with no influences
Ah, the first strand type review! Truly groundbreaking stuff Dunky
And then when death stranding comes out with originality, dunkey shits on it
game journalist Reviews: Compare to other games > Describe what the game actually is like
"Dark Souls takes a little inspiration from games like Dark Souls" - IGN
there are three guarantees in life birth death every game will be compared to dark souls sooner or later
its all dark souls now why play other games
I love you forever
I hate how every game is just Dark Souls, even Duck Tails man.
Think Pong, but mixed with Dark Souls and Beat Saber
This is a pretty good Crowbcat video
But does it make you 'feel' like Spider-man?
Notice how nothing is like Death Stranding.
Dunkey has taken some clear inspiration from Annoying Orange
This game like... Dark Soul, Dark Soul, Dark Soul.... Breath Of The Wild... Dark Soul, Dark Soul, Dark Soul... Uncharted.... review finished
When it comes to gameplay and art style , I understand that developers will take inspiration from previous games. Taking inspiration from something comes naturally with any art medium. This is why I believe story and narrative design is absolutely CRUCIAL in games. It helps make the game unique even though the fighting mechanic is “similar to Arkham” or the gameplay “reminds me of Hades”. My 2 cents
its more like crash bandicoot imo
I mean in gaming's defense, all gaming critics compare difficult games to Dark Souls now.
These game reviewers won't quit name dropping franchises to try to compare everything, they just expect you to even know what the hell they're talking about. Listen, I haven't played any of those games, JUST FUCKIN' TELL ME WHAT THIS ONE IS LIKE!
So basically only Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild are original. Good to know!
this is why death stranding is the best game ever
“There is nothing like this game on the market. Now let me tell you all of the games that it’s kinda like.”
"This game is a beautiful blend of Custer's Revenge and Tales of Symphonia with a generous topping of Elmo's Letter Adventure."
Minecraft: heavily inspired by dark souls
This video is just like skyrim legendary edition. Says a lot but nothing we haven't heard before, and way less intelligent than the creator thinks it is.
This video takes elements from the Game Critics series and blends it beautifully with This Is A Chicken Wing.  10/10 a little something for everyone
It takes inspiration from Bookworm adventures and Knack
It shows a great lack of competence and ability if you need to repeatedly reference another concept in order to describe the subject you’re reviewing. Video Game journalists and reviewers are often so under-qualified in what they do that to consider anything they say in your decision to pick up a game or not would be doing yourself a disservice.
This guy hates video games.
Yeah game reviewers usually just compare games to other games, instead of saying why the game is good, like Knack
What is this, a Crowbcat video?
"This game is like the time I played Dark Souls on Spiderman's PS4." -Gex
wooow your video is so original. the irony
The game is like pong but with better graphics and guns
I love it when dunkey makes these videos just trashing critics by simply clipping their comments.
My ears are blessed
Demon souls took inspiration from monster hunter
What is the name of the second game in the video?
This video clearly takes inspiration from dark souls.
Very true for Deathloop that's why it got a 10 you peasants just don't understand.
"This game draws heavy inspiration from E.T. for the Atari 2600 and Bubsy 3D. There's nothing quite like it."
Super glad u made this vid Dunkenstien I've got love 4 all type of gamers even if they prefer different genres than me but these devs need 2 STOP w the rehashing of darksouls...fukin Hate what they did to the darksiders series!
yo dunkey is like the dark souls of youtube
When you review a game and can only name drop other games like it rather than name the actual mechanics then you have a problem.
Whoa, there's another game like Rocket League?
All games really make you FEEL like Dark Soul.
Finally a new Dunkey inside joke that the comments will milk.
this is less about the games and more about journalism having nothing to say.
it's like describing a smell. You can't describe a smell without relating it to something, not because you're a games journalist but because we never bothered to name smells
This is why I love Outer Wilds. There's nothing like it
There's only two original games: dark souls and bookworm adventure. Any other games are a combination between the two
"This game makes you feel like you're playing Dark Souls" - IGN 10/10
I respect that in a video about the lack of originality he used almost entirely other people's words. This is meta art.
What would’ve been hilarious is if he started with one game then went on, with each game getting “inspiration” from the one before it, and ended up with the same game he started with
This takes strong inspiration from Knack and Dark Souls, It has a little something for everyone
and over in this corner we have splatoowie
The game feels like the game
I feel like this is a problem with modern games journalism more so than developers. I think games have always had a long lasting wave of comparable "inspired by x" games following a very significant game.
Game Journalists are mistakes that still exists and no one stopping them
"This is like playing a Dark Souls rip off at Knack's house." -Gex
When are you bringing back AmongUs Thursdays? Its why I subbed 5 years ago.
this seems more like a problem w game reviews than the actual games themselves
I thank solitaire for originating masochistic ideals onto souls games
I just love how unapologetic Dunkey is about his hatred for game journalists
For the algorithm!
someone made the swedish cookie game into a video game. I think that's pretty original for video games. Because no one will ever do it again.
A game that is slightly hard is dark souls. Ignore the fact that the game that is like Dark Souls is either a FPS or a 2d game
This hurts Dunkey
Just in time for when I ordered the Dark Souls trilogy :)
Hm :)
dunkey i did not appreciate the obvious and gratuitous nudity in this video bad dunkey no bad
The decade of the 2020s was heavily influenced Dark Souls despite being released in the decade prior. This illustrates the impact that Dark Souls has had not only on gaming media but on the socio-political culture present in Internet dominated nations for the past four decades.
I understood every single game is inspired by Dark souls, BotW, and some of JRPG.
And then he spoke
My mind is blown now for some reasons. So people just make a game based off another game and change some some stuff around? That seems a bit unfair.
"This wholly unique experience is like the Dark Souls of farming simulators. It really makes you feel like Batman with the exaggerated swagger of a black teen." My schedule is open, IGN, and I'm ready to work.
A lot of this is just making the game relatable to an audience quickly. It’s an easy way to judge if you’re likely to be interested in the game.
"It's just like Dark Souls" every game journalist ever
Crowbcat heavily takes it themes and story from VideoGameDunkey
"gameplay that has nothing even slightly to do or hint at dark souls." Game reviews: "This is like dark souls."
Yes, the game is influenced by Super Mario bros 2.  But here's why Halo Infinite sets itself apart:
This video draws a lot of inspiration from Gex
truly the dark souls of video game satire
Game journalists are a fucking joke lmao
-So how's your current relationship? -Oh, you know, it's a bit Christyesque mixed with a Katelike hint of Mary and Dark Souls
1. Games are made for humans. Hence there’s a common understanding of how humans think and perform.   2. Games that are too far from the norm will be perceived as too risky by executives. Games are also a inherently risky business (you can make close to nothing), hence the risk adversity. You can also say AAA publishers are corporate scumbags that only like money and dislikes creativity I’m okay with that explanation as well.  3. Game devs are humans, and humans learn through copying. Monkey see, monkey do. Most game devs are big gamers themselves, and they’re deeply inspired by the games they love, and it affects how they approach a game.
This video clearly draws inspiration from Crowbcats videos!
Best as  like always  I mean ass Love from iran
DARK SOULS
Tbh this is why I only play indie games anymore.
This is like Doki Doki Literature Club!
this video takes notes from the classic “video”, but with a twist! it’s elevator pitch is kinda, like, “video, but with noise”. it’s got the video of motion-pictures, but the sounds of audio tracks. if you liked “moving images”, you’ll like this video.
This is a silly video. Take any game from the last 10 years that Dunkey rated highly and you can find a dozen earlier games that it's reminiscent of. You can probably even find IGN reviews of them making those comparisons. What is he proving here exactly? It's bad that art is inspired by art that's come before? It's bad when critics acknowledge those influences? It's bad to provide a point of reference that viewers are familiar with and helps inform whether or not they're likely to enjoy a game?
Aladdin
bro when close to everything has been released video game wise its hard to not copy some elements of other games, as long as they improve and make the game feel worth playing then I have no contest.
donkey will throw you straight into the BBQ, drenched in his favorite sauces n spices. Have your mom be sou chef, and serve a plate to everyone in your family
Can't wait for: originality in Youtube comments
a lot of game developers copy off of each other but i feel like a lot of people compare just to describe games to each other  i mean dunkey described hollow knight by describing other games
Game journalists are hack frauds... This comment combines the memes of redlettermedia and the joke iteration of this video by dunkey.
Originality in dunkey's comment sections:
This is something I've felt passionate about for the past several years. Some game reviewers are so lazy in their actual reviews that they just fill them with comparisons and avoid actual explanations. Comparisons are great as a concise and effective way to describe a game, like amongst friends or even as a short conclusion. But so often, reviewers say stuff like, "It has Zelda-like puzzles" without describing what that means in the game. Does it involve swinging your sword at glowing crystals and shooting eyeballs?   I watched/read a review to learn more about THIS game, can you tell me about THIS game?  Some comparisons, like the Dark Souls comparisons have just become synonymous with difficult. At this point why even compare them at all? Just say the game is difficult. I don't know, this topic gets me too heated.
Ooo new games borrow from old, everything is unoriginal blah blah blah
“it’s like breath of the wild” —> the game is open world  “it’s like dark souls” —> third person game with melee combat
But where did Tetris get it’s inspiration from?
Listen Dunksterfire, I get what you're saying here, but I just want the old Final Fantasy games with Tekken-style combat instead of turn-based combat made by Nintendo at Hideo Kojima's house so it can really feel like a strand type game.
Saw the knight and thought this was a swagger souls video
can we fucking please stop bringing dark souls as a reference point I'm tired of hearing it
Wii sports tennis has taken inspiration from dark souls
It does a little something for every Souls fan
im more alarmed by the number of british people rather than the lack of originality in videogames
Demon's Souls preceded Dark Souls. I wish they would provide the appropriate homage when they employ referential tactics.
:)
Dunkey?
It's like that one episode of Star Trek: TNG. "Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild, at Devil May Cry." "Assassin's Creed, dropping Uncharted."
games that every game copies: dark souls, devil may cry, breath of the wild
I honestly don’t know if this is criticism of game review videos or moderns games all being open world rogue-likes.
Thought this was a crowbcat upload until he spoke at the end lol
More like originality with game critics
Bring back Fortnight Fridays you sellout pice of dookie
C'mon guys those games are CLEARLY inspired by Dunkey Kong 64 and Gex: Enter the Gecko
This could’ve easily been titled “Originality in video game reviews”
Persona
This video takes some inspiration of crowbcat with a hint of black guy in it.
Everyone knows that all of these games are just pong variants.
There's nothing quite like it.
It makes you fEeL like Zelda
Like it or not, Death Stranding is the sole bastion of originality in video games
A perfect video
Omg this made me cringe hard
This is more of a originality in games journalism problem.
Everything is just pong and we all know it.
Simpsons did it.
0:28 (Dice girl) what game is that?
Confirmed, Legend of Zelda best game ever
What's the game at 0:29?
Combining a lot of titles to make a sentence. What a fucking disaster.
This is a real ign like video
This is the Nakey Jakey of Videogame Dunkey videos
lets just go back to dark souls
So is this a criticism modern games or game journalists'lack of english vocabulary
The lesson of the video. Games that are not the big bois are a lil bit of copy cats from the big bois hahaaaa
Alt title: Originality in Game Journalism
Gotta hand it to the dunk master. The Scarlet Nexus one made me pause the video and tell the comment section about how I laughed out loud.
Can you make funny content, not this, I’m disappointed
Climbing = Zelda
Wait, didn't shadow of the colossus do the climb stamina thing first? Or am i just zooted
"I have never played a game like Deathloop before" **1sec later**  "I've played a lot of games that are little bit like it" *?????*
When you think about it, Bookworm Adventures Deluxe was just like 'Faces...Tris 3' with a dash of 'Where In The World Is Carmen Sandiego?' and a story similar to 'Assassin's Creed: Odyssey'. Really a unique game the likes of which we've never seen, when you think about it.
this video is kinda like breath of the wild combined with dark souls
What came first? The chicken or the Dark Souls?
originality in youtube comments
This reviewer takes influence from Angry Joe and Leafy with a hint of Cr1tical. A reviewer that has something for everyone.
„This rogue like, Souls like, like like type of game takes its biggest inspiration from the hardest game of all: life itself.“
That's a long one-liner lol
At least they ain’t strand type games.
Dunkey is like a non skeleton gaming youtuber version of Skeleton Gaming.
This is like saying UNO is the Blackjack and Mario party of Video Games
comparing games to other games will let you down, don’t buy a game because it looks like one of your favorite games, trust me you’ll dislike it
I was working at Gamestop when Dark Souls came out. We actually had a midnight release for it. I remember thinking, “gosh, nobody gives a fuck about Demon’s Souls, who is going to come at midnight for its sequel?” And nobody came.
It's all dark souls/botw Always has been Always will be
IT MAKES YOU FEEL LIKE SPIDERMAN
Real life is taking inspiration from the sims 3 mixed with dark souls level of difficulty
in short, stop pitching in elevators
In my art school we like to say "you will never come up with an original idea. Everything you will do has already been done before. The only goal is to do it better" which is depressing but hey it's what we got 🤷‍♂️
I’m halfway through and…. He doesn’t even talk does he
This video is like the Crowbarcat of shoddy knock-off vidya game journalists who are like movie reporters who have nothing interesting to say.
I really passionately hate how Genshin Impact literally stole and copied way too many elements from Breath of the Wild and literally became more popular and trendy because people are weebs nowadays
It’s a bit painful to think that today’s game developers will have to think incredibly unique if they want to make their game not have an inspiration from something else :/
Hey Dunkey, have you tried disco Elysium. If you haven’t could you try it because I think you’d love it. Plus it’s an extremely original game.
I got progressively angrier as the clips kept coming.. Dear Lord
I knew this video was coming. Was not disappointed. We need you Dunkey. Please stay around.
They need to stop with the "elevator pitch" shit, just tell us what the damn game does
stardew valley is basically darksouls because you can eat things and their is caves
So everything is Dark Souls and Zelda? Gotcha.
I have always wondered and have brought this up many times before for the journalist like reviewers who are just checking off a list given to them. What happens if they just talked about the developer and previous games they made. Or better yet, just skip comparisons all together unless it something like Genshin Impact which they developers themselves gave stated to have "similarities" to Breath of the Wild mechanics despite it being way more JRPG.  Then again. I like talking out if my ass too 😂
Imagine taking inspiration from anything to help further a concept or genre. Developers are so dumb. Re Invent the wheel idiots.
how is the Darksiders 3 even like a Dark Souls? it looks like a PS2 God of War with with full camera control.
This Dunkey video takes inspiration from Crowbcat
Crazy to think capcom made the first type of all games
I don't really see the issue here. If you need to explain what a game plays like you compare it to games it's similar to. This is the same with TV music and movies.
IGN is basically the quality of Mighty No. 9 with a bit of the emptiness of No Mans Sky.
As you know, every game is derived from Dark Souls
I don't understand the point of this video
are you basically saying that everything is dark souls now?
Can’t believe splitgate wasn’t on here it’s the most obvious combo of halo and portal
Every game these days is just a copy of oong
Well... guess im replaying New super mario bros. DS
the next game someone says is similar to zelda, I refuse to fucking play it. If I want to play Zelda, I'll play fucking Zelda
this video obviously took some inspiration from Bookworm Adventures
this video feels like a dunkey video, with the clip usage of CrowbCat
i think videos like these would be better with his own opinion regarding this topic.
This game is amazing, Taking inspiration from bubsy 3d and bookworm adventures.
I think we need more originality from our game critics.
Idk how dunkey does it man the quality is tangible
Dear Dunkey,  Are these clips from game reviewers or game developers??  thank you and take care.
I don't think this is valid criticism. Every form of art has to be somewhat related to another version of that art. Action movies, romance novels, etc. all share blood with other action movies and romance novels or quite literally any novel (chapter structure, character similarities).
I wish you would’ve started with 3 new games and made it look like they were all Mario 2 knockoffs.
yeah real life is like dark souls mixed with the top down view of the legend of zelda with minecraft elements
see how the indie games are percieved as ripoffs but the AAA titles are "inspired" or "remniscent of"?  Games journalism everybody
Let's be real here, they're all cheap knock offs of Pong (1972).
tbh that's how i describe everything, "it's like this thing you've seen and like that thing you've seen with that thing everyone knows" works for games, anime, electronics, people, food etc fuck it and make an "Originality in" series
Can't tell if this is the fault of game reviewers or game developers
You see, no one is comparing anything to Knack because it can never be replicated.    (Except Knack 2 respectively)
2:13 the reviewer completely diss the entire game that using climbing stamina bar
The music at the end is so goofy 😂
This video directly draws inspiration from League of Legend videos.
My favorite dunkey videos are when he has like one or two lines and the rest of it is just the gaming industry making an ass out of themselves
This video is a little bit like Internet Historian with a hint of Phillip DeFranco
Take a shot each time Dark Souls is brought up.
Dunkey you have 7 millions subscribers and this is the best content you can put out?
So what ive taken from this video is every game is zelda or darksouls
yo i love this new crowbcat video
So yea...dark souls superior
Darksouls more like inspiration from darksouls
I hate this shit and i wonder about the supposed degrees these "journalists" put on their resumes when their vocabulary is too small to describe the subject of their presentation without relating it to something common. This is the type of shit that would get c's in high school, but i suppose c's get degrees. Mildly inspired to work outside my current field just to show these parrots how to write a fucking paper/video presentation.
I mean if you think about it, all these games shown are kinda like Pong because they are video games 🤯
Clearly Breath of the Wild took inspiration from Cube World with Cube Worlds stamina based climbing, and hang glider movement. The Alpha/Beta phase of Cube World. Not to be confused with its fully released bad version.
This should be called Originality in Vide Game Journalism
Conan exiles had wall climb with stamina drain
This is all u need to know about reviews what a joke 😂😂😂
videogamedunkey has a lot of clear inspirations from Angry videogame nerd, Hamster Dance and I'm assuming Dark Souls.
There is no such thing as a truly original game. Every game has influences and games it can be compared to. For example, Dark Souls is a slower paced hack ‘n’ slash game with metroidvania world and level design. It also has RPG levelling. All of these genres were well established before Dark Souls but this combination of ideas produces a new ‘original’ idea.
“Alright, here’s the elevator pitch, Paulie. The next big game. You ready? Ok. Dark Souls combat and exploration, right? But with Glover.”
Reviews for gamers happen to make references to popular video games, shocking! XD
This game is completely new, i have never seen anything like it before, it's a breath of new air to the gaming community, so refreshing, it only reminds me of: Zelda, Devil may cry, Guilty gear, Persona, "Tails of..." saga, Pokemon, Earthbound, Megaman, Street fighter, Dark souls, Ninja gaiden, Castlevania, Contra, Vanquish, GTA, Dead space, Metroid, Bionic commando, Dragon ball, Guns gore and cannoli, Little nightmares, Monster hunter, Knack, River city ransom, Double dragon, Sniper elite, Sonic, Gang beasts, Bomber man, Mario, ... aside from that, it's all new and original.
every piece of art is inspired by something. and when it comes to videogames its almost impossible to make everything about your game original. its just weird that people expect every game that comes out to be completely original and groundbreaking and thats just not realistic in any form of media. if its good, its good.  we need to stop judging games based on how original they are, we have thousands upon thousands of videogames in existence developers are genuinely running out of executable original ideas to use. there are technological limitations to what they can do.
Wow, this game review really made me feel like spider-man
VG Journalists: "Let's just say BotW and Dark Souls were the heart of my thesis pap-" VG News Site: "Hired"
I wish they hadnt ruined Darksiders 3 by making it a dark souls clone and have kept to the formula that made the 1st and 2nd games great
Seems more like a critique on the originality of game reviews. Now even dunkey is recycling his ideas!
Pfft. Clearly these all take inspiration from the classic game Pong
Does anyone know what the game at 0:20 is? I really like the art style!
and this my friends is why dark souls is the best game of the last 20 years.
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls.
"Creativity = theft + lack of talent" - not attributing the quote because he's an asshole but it is a valid point.
everything is dark souls, breath of the wild, assassins creed, arkham city, or a sports game
We really peaked with Mama's kitchen cooking 2 for ps3-  it's all been down hill since then
Games influence other games, in many cases the truly great games are the ones that were able to combine existing ideas in new and interesting ways. I can't really think of any game, ever, that couldn't be described as some combination of other existing games.
It really makes you *feel* like Batman
Kojima watching silently.....
Why did dunkey feel the need to compile a bunch of reviews of Gex ripoffs?
y'all act like in 2001 no one's talked about how Halo reminded them of Quake, Doom, and Goldeneye
video games is the dark souls of marketing
lol game journalism
Here's a fun idea: take a game review, list any games it mentions as inspiration, check THAT game review for games it mentions as inspiration, and repeat until you get back to the furthest game that DOESN'T mention another game. The closest 'original' game to the current year wins!
Sable looks so fucking good! I cannot wait to play it. The art is just so beautiful.
hee haw
but does it make me feeeeeeel like spiderman>?
It's so funny this video came out when kirby was announced to go 3d, like mario 64 obviously
Finally, a game where your decisions influence the story, I’m so excited
is it weird that I hate hearing other peoples voices besides Dunkey's? lol... Like i was expecting his voice and just hear all these normies voices instead for a while thank goodness he popped in 🤙
And?
Video game review when they encounter any sort of difficult: The game draws inspiration from Dark Souls
Is it that there are no original games or gaming youtubers suck shit and compare everything to everything
That goofy fucking guy that said Ghost of Tsushima is like Arkham, Assassin's Creed and Sekiro clearly wasn't playing the fucking game right.
More like, "originality in video game reviewers"
BF 2042 is a really unique game while also taking a lot of inspiration from Nintendogs
Such is the case for any artistic medium, really. It's not a good or a bad thing. Old things can be combined and remixed in novel ways to make them feel new or fresh. You can enjoy that until a good, original idea piques your interest. It's just a matter of separating the worthwhile from the time wasters and finding what caters to your interests.
Man I thought Chris "Jumpman" Pratt was bad
Like the millions of nurses accross the United states, they seem smart but majority are dumb. Game journalist are a joke
None of those games looked like Dark Souls.
Good thing we have Dark Souls so videogames "journalists" can use it over and over again as a reference to try to sound legit. No strand-type games in this which is odd ...
what I learned is that every game is just some version of botw or dark souls, or both
"It has a little something for everybody"
This dude just roasted every game reviewer lmfao.
This game really makes you feel like it takes inspiration from Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls
Bruh every one of these is copying pong
So everything is dark souls
"every good game is a shooter which is why every game is a shooter" -dunkey
dunkview is basically just a john tron with markiplier vibes
Not everybody plays every game
right so play everyone game that the reviewers talk about expect the game there actually reviewing
I stopped watching this guy when none of the games got inspiration from knack They are just biased and nitpicking, I win. Bye bye
LOZ Breath Of The Wild wasn't even the first or 2nd game to use a stamina-based climbing mechanic. Shadow Of The Colossus & Dragon's Dogma both did it first. 😂
To be fair I'm pretty sure they're paid to say "This game is like <game you like>."
I can't tell if this is supposed to make fun of game reviews that talk compare new games to existing popular games to give the audience a frame of reference, or just trying to make the point that (almost) nothing is truly original.
Abolish copyright law time?
Thank you for making this
For a second there, I thought Dunka wasn’t going to say a word…
As much as i hate to agree to take the game journalists' side, id assume the reason they bring up 7 other games in a review contrasting the similarities between them is to explain in a quick way what you're getting. Yes you can spend 3-5 minutes talking about all the mechanics and features of a new open world game, or just say it's like botw, which gives the consumer a pretty clear general idea. The journalists just phrase it in a way trying to make themselves appear intelligent, but really just look dumb as fuck in the process.
Assassins Creed was original
I've been playing skatebird since tuesday. I would give it a 4/5 in it's current state. I'd say that there are certain things that come off as minor inconveniences in the beginning and will turn out to be huge annoyances at the end. There are some mechanics that are not shown (which makes me think that they are bugs) like being able to skate on a wall for a short period of time.
lol it's not nearly as bad now as it was in early game 'journalism' - where literrally every third person was claimed to be directly ripping off tomb raider, or where every shooter was claimed to be ripping off doom - despite there being no clear connection between the games, and even when it's widely known that the games were developed at the same time lol
Can’t wait for: originality in YouTube videos
So how come none of these games borrow anything from Knack?
Glad to be reminded that gamers don't want originality
Any game that’s kinda difficult: “makes you feel like dark souls”
True art steals ideas without you really knowing.
The interviewer at 2:08 was clearly tired of the BoTW knockoffs at that point lmao
Dunky needs to stop making souls like videos. I expect this kind of regurgitation from reaction YouTubers… not my messiah Dunky…
This is why new games are...new..I don't even know.
These games really make you feel like you're Dark Souls
This video took a little inspiration from legend of zelda and dark souls
Being mad at games combining elements from other games is like being mad that somebody combined blue and yellow to make green.
What's the point of this video. Nothing is original. Literally nothing.
I can feel physical pain from listening to this
Let's be honest here, less than 10% of the games out there are original. Everything is inspired by something in one way or the other. :)
I wonder if there will be any games that are like Knack?
game reviewer who has only played Dark Souls:
New game: it borrows from minecraft, dance dance Revolution, Luigi casino, wii sports, ET for the Atari, black mirror bandersnatch, monopoly, crazy taxi, and Dives. Also half life 3
Evidence suggests that the human race (Homo sapiens) was able to walk 6 to 3 million years ago. Heavily inspired by death stranding of course, followed by the mario series who inspired the later jumping and triple jump back flip
I thought I was watching a real IGN review for a moment XD
Dark souls borrowed from ghost and goblins
‘I’ve never played a game like deathloop before, except dishonoured, Hitman, outer wilds (?Outer worlds surely?), and even DaRk SoUlS’      Bruh
Video game journalists are pure cancer
Did you know that companies have to explain what their game is like so people will buy it? Crazy right?   But I know what you're saying, a LOT of games borrow mechanics from other famous games. A lot of big companies are too scared to try new things/features but will jump through a ring of fire just to put loot boxes in it.
It's obvious that all these games have been shamelesly copying pong, the true gaming experience.  (i believe there was something else first, but im too lazy to search for it)
so zelda and dark souls are like one of the basic inspirational ingredients for games now
I can't tell if this is criticizing the game critics who have to compare every game to past ones or criticizing the actual games for not being original. A lot of the comparisons are warranted and a lot of them are just plain dumb lazy reviewing. Ghost of Tsushima's combat is not at all like the batman arkham games. That man is on drugs
What about that's one game that's got that element of Dark Souls with some GTA but takes heavily from Zelda and it really tries to be a strand-type but also turns into a Kingdom Hearts style JRPG in some areas, and then ends with a Subnautica type feel?
I love how dark souls became the benchmark for so many of these games.
Who's voice is this??????
i hate that tipe of reviews, tales of arise take inspiration from DMC? lmao, they even played tales of berseria xD? And P5 Strikers takes inspiration from KH3?, they take drugs? Deathloop takes from dark souls? WTF DUDE
so, 3 games in the world is enough. dark souls, zelda and GTA6!
You missed Pac-Man which just took inspiration from Dark souls
Deathloop is the weirdest game of Pong I've ever played
anotha banger
“Demon’s Souls Remake has clearly taken some inspiration from Dark Souls”
Breath of the wild took inspiration from shadow of colossus when it's climbing, but then price of Persia, but then donkey Kong math
Okay we get it smh
Halo infinite takes inspiration from halo combat evolved
This video is a certified hood classic, haven’t watch it yet
I don't think anything's wrong with taking ideas from different games and making them into new ones. Even shameless copies and knock offs can be great in their own right. It is a joke that gaming journalism tends to call everything "like dark souls" or make constant ridiculous comparisons, but that's just because it's easier to get into and understand things that are familiar. If they've played dark souls, they could try it out since it's similar. If it plays like a character action game, they'll compare it to the big names in the genre. It helps people find games they'll enjoy; it's why we have entire genres to categorize things. Games that don't have original ideas and mechanics are never inherently bad, that's up to the execution of their inspirations.
really makes you FEEL like you're playing a game thats like another game.
Moral of the Story. Zelda is the most original game there is.
There's no such thing as originality everything ever made by humans is an amalgam of other existing things. The human mind literally can't create anything new without inspiration and therefore it's not new.
I know it conveys a lot of info very quickly, but I'm starting to hate comparisons in reviews now. Don't tell me "It's kinda like dark souls meets crash bandicoot", tell me it's an upbeat hack and slash platformer with a dark underbelly if you pay attention to the lore. Then again, the standards for video game journalists are so low now I can't even expect them to do that.
Every game is just Dark Souls, Devil May Cry, or Breath of the Wild.
Thanks dunk, it's my birthday tomorrow and I feel like shit and I have 2 dollars but I got a new vid
2:13 had me fked up laughing
I was hoping this is one of those long eye opening videos dunkey makes like for instance difficulty in videogames, but still says a lot without saying much
Everything is dark souls, lets make things like Fallout: New Vegas instead
this video borrows inspiration from video game dunkey
To be fair the point of a review is to help someone decide if they'd like the game.   So comparison to games that influenced it are pretty much the quickest way to do that.   Is it lazy? Yes. But does it help us understand quicker. Yes.
this is like the time i went bowling with pauly shore
Based.
Had to double-check this wasn't a Crowbcat video
Even Demon's Souls took some pretty big inspiration from Dark Souls.
It makes you FEEL like pacman and Tetris
When poeople talk about music like elton john being pop and dua lipa also being pop and elton also being rock with green day being rock i feel like they are all just strand type songs
0:37 "dark souls" excuse me sir?
Disco Elysium?
"There's nothing quite like it"  *proceeds to name all the things that are like it*
strange to think there wasn't games before dark souls
watching this video felt like eating spoiled food
Little something for everyone
To be fair, a lot of these say more about originality in video game criticism rather than the games themselves.
Huh, I didn't see BOTW taking inspiration from Ubisoft games and Skyrim here. BOTW is the most original video games ever made I see...
imma need the names to all those games in this video
Need more Souls like games that are nothing like any souls games please
Bro i still think NFS is so much Dark Souls, because the two of them are games, and there's a different speed for any car/weapon, so close!
Oh  Boy
This video should be named:" originality in game journalism."
these comparisons all suck tho
This video takes obvious inspiration from the dunkey video about game criticisms
dark souls was the first dark souls type game of its time and this really makes me think
All these strand like games
this video borrows heavily from franchises like Dark Souls
And I don't even like Dark Souls
I feel like game journo's jobs just got way easier after dark souls got released
This is kinda tricky. Sure, a fast way to get others to get in context of something you will describe is to use comparisons and analogies; but even mixed in the video you find from those kind of cases and cases where the reviewer lazily just says "Yeah it's dark souls because you dodge and hit", "Puzzles/adventure = zelda" or ARPG = FF7R and Kingdom Hearts.
Can we start calling games like Rocket League Ponglikes?
Ah yes, Chicory... A coloring book dog game. How is this like Zelda?
This video was like mrbeast and pewdiepie mixed with vanossgaming, with of course, a large influence from the dark souls.
I see all games as a combination of call of duty world at war, Skyrim, and Wii sports resort
Credit song?
Tsk tsk dunkey why so much nudity
Dark souls.
I sympathize I wanted to make a game and couldn't think of anything original within my programming abilities.  Well and drawing is hard
it's really cool that dark souls invented dying in video games
So basically, if you call it a video game then it has been inspired by Dark Souls
This tastes like Egoraptor
Yet when something that offers some real innovative gameplay like Death Stranding, dunkey just shit all over it.
Dark Souls really has been one of the most influential games of the decade
This just in, art influences other art. Real insightful man. Come the fuck on, be funny again.
I guess Dark Souls was the first game ever made :o
The irony 🤣
dark souls takes heavy inspiration from demon souls
“I’ve never played a game like this before” *2 seconds later* “it reminds me of  Devil May Cry, Bayonetta, Dark Souls and Guilty Gear”
"Theres nothing new under the sun" - some wise dude i dunno
Why even bother buying Zelda and dark souls when there's so many two in one offers now
Think Pacman mixed with Superman64, sprinkled in with some elements from Mario: Go Fish
With the shits as always dunkey. Papa bless
Game reviewers  when the game is hard
These reviewers will never be better than gaming in the Clinton years
Damn all these are just remakes of Plaque Attack ?
why do video game reviewers always have that high-pitched energy tone to their voice
I miss the old days when FromSoftware wasn't making every video game, did all these other companies just go on vacation or something?  Miyazaki helps make so many games that I'm noticing a clear inspiration by Shigeru Miyamoto, he's a Moto-like developer.
escape from tarkov is unique
The only time he talks in the video is at 3:13
I think this is a two-way problem. People are so unwilling to try something new, so being able to pitch a game with "it's like this popular thing" can make it sound a lot more appealing to the average consumer. As a result, every new game has at least a couple of borrowed elements from whatever is popular at the moment (e.g. a battle royale, stamina metre etc.) in order to make it more marketable  In short, the publishers, reviewers and consumers are to blame :/
Skyrim with guns?
what inspired superhot?
People need to write better not cop out and call it one of three things
dunkey is the dark souls of youtubers
It's so wild that every form of major media reporting can so ubiquitously bad.
To be honest, we haven't had a Tenchu game in a really long time and Ghost of Tsushima is the closest thing to it for me.
I don’t know why people keep up comparing other classic games all the time. It’s just plain weird. Why can’t they just not compare it to old games and just talk something different like say something original rather than games of the decades.
This pissed me off so much
Making a new gameplay loop is hard so just steal from someone else.
Dark Souls is the dollar store version of the Kings Field series.
PLAY VIOD BASTARDS 4:  THE SECOND SECOND VOID BASTARDA;
i thought this was a Crowbcat video....
This game really makes you FEEL like Dark Souls. If you criticise the originality of this comment, well, you're nitpicking and biased. I win, bye bye!
Everything is a remix
hey man all im sayin is that you can’t compare half life 2 to any game
you made me sad...
This really isn't anything new. When the current hot game of the time was out, every game of its type was out in full force. "Doom clones", resident evil clones, dmc clones, cod clones, etc were many.Comparisons towards the popularised game was used as easy identifiers for them aswell.
Even though i love all dunkeys content, one of these good videos is priceless compared to the new joke videos on his channel, or any other content on youtube
i cant tell if this is legitimately criticizing the lack of original ideas in gaming or just making fun of reviewers vocab
Game critics are stupid than dunkey's imposter
This happens because we have no better shorthand to describe video game mechanics than by comparison to genre staples. "Dark Souls owes a lot to King's Field."
i like how dunkey didn't say anything at all in this video.
This man can upload 3 minutes of game journos talking, say one sentence himself at the end of the video, and it's a mastapeece
This video screams "I was inspired by Dark Souls"...
yikes…
super Mario 64 takes heavy inspiration from the combat mechanics of dark souls and the platforming from uncharted
Remember when people hated Genshin because it was similar to BotW
originality is a myth bruh; within any artistic endeavor, dere only a finite number of meaningfully viable creative choices n shit
"Think Counter-strike with hero elements. That's the elevator pitch for Valorant."  So... Counter-strike 1.3 xD
The first seconds I thought Dunkey had some kind of voice change
I mean this is bound to happen as the industry evolves
my life is like dark souls but worse
This is the Dark Souls of video games
hey wait what's the game at 1:52?
"let it die was clearly inspired by darksouls." That phrase could not be more Fking ironic.
What is Dunkey's point here?  Games are influenced by other games.  This one is a miss for me I don't understand the complaint at all.  Is it criticizing being inspired by older games?  Criticizing game journalists referring to older games?  Either way, it's wrong.  I love Dunkey but this video blows
damn das a lot of zelda games
I'm not quite sure what the point of this video is. Is it that the videogame industry has lost the ability to innovate, or is it that the pure essence of creativity has and will always be inspiration?  Or is dunkey gonna make another video in the future stroking off nintendo for their power to innovate and completely ignoring any form of game design that was established in the last decades because of how new and fresh it feels? I guess we'll see once botw2 releases.
“Good artists copy, great artists steal.” - Pablo Picasso
now wouldn't this all be base off of Atari Adventure?
Billie Mitchel Sued Karl Jobst, save my boi
7 out of 10: This video has a little something from everybody.
I find hilarious how 80% of the games are supposed to be inspired by Devil May Cry or Dark souls
It has a little bit of everything for everyone
This is a reminiscence of Kirby Ferguson video series, started more than 9 years ago. "Everything is a Remix"
You should make a video of modern games that actually innovate.
"Souls Like" gives me a headache.
Obviously no games existed before Dark Souls, BOTW, Bayonetta and FF7
"Taken inspiration from" this and "inspired by" that, when are we going to get video games that straight up samples another video game?
zelda×dark souls crossover would be the most ambitious shit from what im hearing from this vid
Dunkey does a very good job at exposing the mediocrity in gaming journalism.
Every game released after Mr. Bones for the Sega Saturn just became another Mr. Bones clone, and in retrospect every game released before Mr. Bones was a Mr. Bones clone as well
The only thing that's original is Pac Man. Change my mind
To be fair, Genshin Impact is just a chinese gatcha breath of the wild
So, is it safe to say that originality is dead or near-death?
yeah, nowadays everything has be done, no more new content ;P
TIL that deathloop is a darksouls type game
I really dont get the point of this video. You cant reinvent the wheel, that should be clear. Saying that game x is best comparable to y also makes sense, because vierws maybe have played y and get a better feel for x this way.  Besides all that this wasnt funny, i dont know why everybody liked it.   I enjoy your other videos, but here i dont know what your plan was, this didnt work for me tho.
I'm not sure what this video is criticizing
Why are game journalists obsessed with Dark Souls?
0:19 what game is that?
Note to self: KNACK IS BACK BABBEEEYYYYY
Tanku dork Souls....
Does it have open world? Breath of the wild Does it have run and gun? Megaman/Cuphead Does it have exp/currency in one? Dark Souls Does it have a gritty undetone? Dark Souls Dodge roll? Dark Souls Does it have health bars? Dark Souls Does it have nothing in common with Dark Souls except a level up system? Dark Souls Is it slightly challenging to the average videogame journalist? Knack 2 baby
They tell you it’s all just playing off of Dark Souls, but when you actually give it some thought you realize Dark Souls is just a redress of Pong.
This is why you should only ever play Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild
Let's be real, there's nothing wrong with this. You gotta remember that this is just an inherent by-product of the way the videogame industry-, hell, it's a by-product of how almost every industry of entertainment works. Which is that somebody has an idea, they look for someone richer to fund that idea, and they proceed to do whatever it takes to make that idea become reality.  It's those last two steps that create this repetitiveness. The people who fund these ideas almost always have no interest in the idea itself, all they want to know is whether it can be made and whether it's worth making. You could have the most original game idea that really pushes the limit of what it means to be a videogame in this world with fresh mechanics humanity has never seen the likes of before and it would not matter a damn bit because if you're not one of the greats like Shigeru Miyamoto or something then a producer has no reason to pump the thousands of dollars you need into a project that for all they know might not be possible and may very well not make back the money even if it is. But that other guy who's pitching a cross between Hades and Breath of the Wild called "Explore the Witch's hut " on the other hand has put forward ideas that we know are possible and we know are popular. So a producer is gonna be much quicker to back an idea.  And that's where the third step comes in. Game designers know that their pitch is more likely to get accepted if they present the core ideas as links to already successful games with some kind of twist, so, in order to make their ideas a reality, they just do exactly that. There's no shame in it, after all, everything "original" is always, _always,_ just based on something already experienced in life plus a twist, so why's it suddenly a problem when it's something experienced in a game plus a twist.  As far as I can tell judging anything based on its originality is just kinda childish and a waste of time. If you go back far enough every "original" idea is just a unique collage of stuff that already exists, and any pothead with time to think can do that but that doesn't mean jack if they don't know how to make a good videogame. It's the ability of the owner of the idea to make it into a genuinely enjoyable experience in the real world that's important and if that can be done well enough then the originality doesn't actually matter.  Also a lot of these were just the fault of the reviewers. Literally any open world with a puzzles is Zelda, any open world with climbing is breath of the wild, and any third person game with difficulty is Dark Souls, it's absurd.
The new 2022 4Runner has four wheels like the 1973 Dodge Charger, a steering wheel in front of the driver's seat like the 2006 Mistubishi Galant, and an engine just like a John Deere riding lawn mower only bigger.
Sometimes the jokes just make themselves.
i remember back in the ps2 era every game played and looked completely differently everyone had their own engine different controls camera angles were whack etc. sucks that nowadays shit kinda same all the time with some gems from time to time
Clearly a rip off of Pong
There is nothing like this game...except for these games.
I thought this video was gonna keep going back in time and trace what originally inspired every game that game in existence   which was knack 2 babyy
The guy describing Tales of Arise is high. It plays like every modern Tales and nothing more.
This video takes inspiration from knack breath of the dounkey 2
every game is darksouls
You know what game is not like dark souls? bubsy 3d
This video is clearly inspired by previous entries in the duonkey school of video making.
Reviewers compare games to other games. Pointless video.
Mario oddysey clearly took inspiration from Dark souls
Dunkey's videos where he roasts the gaming industry by just letting them talk are always the best
This just in... Dunkey discovers what a "Genre" is.
This video stinks of LarryTheCableGuy
The way these reviewers talk like news anchors is sooooo annoying
Dugby clearly takes inspiration from other dunkbee videos in this one
Every video game is dark souls
This says a lot about society
I mean tbf when it comes to genshin they did straight up just copy the layout of some parts of BOTW's map, they're not exactly subtle about it.
It's official gaming media is fucking retarded.
So basically more problems with capitalism and having to push your product off the back of other recognized anything because nostalgia sells.
I love how Dark Souls is mentioned in *every* game review now, like they can't just explain an aspect of the game and it's effects on gameplay. Reviews should be less referential and more descriptive. MatthewMatosis is a good example of someone who doesn't boil games down to mere likenesses and his reviews are outstanding because of it.
Minus points for not saying “More Darky”
Videogamedunkey is clearly inspired by Donkey from Shrek
This channel is like videogamedunkey had an illegitimate lovechild with videogamedunkey.
When precious games become genres
Dunkey, a youtuber heavily inspired by influencers like Loudsounds Funnywords and HEY GUYS, WHAT'S UP
*Game Designers in 1958*: The first video game ever created, Pong, is a lot like . . . uhhhhh . . .
Every video game in existence took inspiration from Pong
I'm a simple man, I see someone shitting on game-journos, I upvote
What did Dark Souls take inspiration from?
Alternative title: state of art on videogames jounalism
Actually every single game in the world has taken elements from knack and it’s sequel knack 2
return of the obra dinn is legit one of a kind
there are only 3 games: dark souls, zelda, and doom
This video has a touch of gabagool in it with some inspirations from Donkey Kong
Seriously how can you create content this good CONSISTENTLY? Keep up the good work man.
This inspired a mild panic attack...
this really says more about videogame reviews than the actual games to be honest.
3d Mario games are knack type games.
This channel is best described as a knock off of videogamedunkel.
I don't know about this Evan Boldt guy. He couldn't even spell "donkey" correctly.
Dunkey, thanks for this contemplative exploration of a concept I knew little of, appreciate it. Also, beeg yoshi. That is all.
Ah yes, my favorite genres. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and Dark Souls
Is this a criticism of modern game design, or another "game critics suck" video? The world may never know
I noticed that too
This man said one sentence
Another 10/10 video
Sometimes I get sad that I stopped playing games. This reminded me why I'm depressed
In conclusion: as gamers, we are autistic. And the sooner we come to grips with that, the better.
Dunk honest opinion on Chris Pratt as Mario? I'm still not convinced this is real
How the fuck is deathloop like outer wilds or dark souls?
Everything happens for a reason dunky
Dunkey make you feel like Dark Souls
low effort
I get what you mean, but I also feel like some of the things these critics say are a way of describing how the gameplay feels so that the viewer can understand. People like to categorize everything. There's a lot of room for originality in videogames, but it's almost impossible to not be categorized in any aspect of the game. I think that a game can still be original even though it has similarities to other games.
I mean, I get it, but it's the language of games. How can you even be 100% original these days?
The "Try to review a game as it is" challenge 100% impossible!!1!! Nearly died
As you can probably notice, most of these games shamelessly borrow from Lawn Mower Simulator..
Knack 2 takes inspiration from the inspiration people have to be original. Knack on the other hand is a clear ripoff of demon souls which is basically a rip of every game since ever game is inspired by dark souls.
clipshow episode
all of those games are skyrim knockoffs
I think the reality is, there are only so many game concepts that exist and work. Good luck coming up with a completely original game that plays nothing like any single game or games that came before it in some way.
This is like watching Crowbcat videos in YouTube. -Gex I think
Oh no, they are comparing the video games :(
A child could make a game without ever playing or knowing about past games. And people will still draw OH iTS hEAvilY inSpIreD by my FavORitE and Also Popular GaMe _________.
Originality there is noon!
What Dunkey is basically saying is Death Stranding is a original masterpiece since it is the first strand type game/walking simulator
DUNK DUNK
"dark souls has a little something for everyone" -gex, while playing Zelda: breath of the wild
Review bookworm adventure deluxe PLEAS
Originality in Video Games Journalism
these are just phrases used by reviewers to get you familiar with a mechanic since if you play botw, this might get you interested in it, since reviewers get free copies of the game and most want the games to succeed
Guys this game is just like Dark Souls
Might be an unpopular take but an "original" title is pretty much non-existent now. Innovations in this oversaturated business have just become "combine x mechanic of y game to a mechanic of b game" rather than be something truly unique, but that's not to say it's bad. Considering most game mechanics that are seen to be fun/challenging/addictive have already been conceptualized or invented, what future game titles just need to do is mix and match these mechanics to make another fun experience and not try to pull another "original" game mechanic from their asses that will flunk.  It's the same argument in music where lyricism can be argued to be unimportant so long as the song "sounds good."
The Romans were clearly inspired by the Greek
Nice video, video game donkey. Shame this has excessive sexual content and will be banned soon.
Anyone else feel like Fire emblem Sacred Stones wears it's dark souls inspiration on its sleeves?
Journalism is hard
You know they used to call FPS's doom clones right? This is how it always has been lmao
OH... so thats why I'm put off by so many games.
Dark Souls has taken lots of inspiration from the Dark Souls Series
All these games are just rip off of knack 3
chris pratt as "mario"
Originality is a spectrum, it really comes down to the execution of an idea which makes something original.
Based
Y'know what? All video games suck now
this was so gross :D
I'm sure a majority of these remarks are genuinely helpful for potential gamers who have never in their life played the games they are referencing. Great job, critics. I'm going to shrivel into despair now.
This video obviously draws from the humorous outlook from Jason Gastrow. Who the heck this dunkey this he is?
This video barrows heavily on influence from Kojima’s master work…Death stranding
Amazing review dunkey 10 out 10 ign
It's almost like nobody remembers there were third person hack 'n slash games before dark souls and devil may cry
Come on now, all of these games are clearly a rip-off of Paladins, which draws heavily from the NES classic, Harry Potter and the Fucking Wizard
Bookworm Adventures takes ispirations from a worm who can read a book
This video has a little something for everyone. 2 out of 10. Bye bye everybuddy
This video has clearly taken some inspiration from logan paul with the mechanics of a dream video and the graphics of leafy.
Ok but none of these were a Strand type game.
this is truly a strand type review
Theres a little something for everyone.
Got it! Average game reviewer is shit at describing games.
And this is why I play games that try new things Dungeon of the Endless FTL Duck Game Mercenary Kings EDF Divinity Original Sin (Closest to Baldur gate but tons better combat with mechanics) Jagged Alliance 2/Fallout 1-2 Magicka Might and Magic Risk of Rain 1/2 Space Engineers Terraria Minecraft Trine XCom 1/2 Wizard of Legends  etc etc  Always keep an eye out for the more unique or more original like games. You'll get new experiences from it and you may be surprised.
Wow it’s almost like comparison is super helpful when reviewing a video game. Crazy
Lazy, boring video. Whatever Dunkey's take here is (Devs inspired by other great games are lame/Reviewers referencing well known games are lame), it's inane. Dunkey's been great at wise takes on videogames, but this one is just... so weird to me.
*dodge mechanic in a game* "so this is basically dark souls"
I hope that the reviewers from IGN watch this video.
The move in Pokémon where you jump over the cliff to get to the path below you was influenced by uncharted
During the combat exchange between two players or a player and an enemy,  I can't help but see the clear influences of the player exchange in Pong.  All games are just fancy Pong clones.
Is it a lack of originality in games, or in games journalism?
ign be like...................
Is this a criticism of many more recent games being somewhere between "based on X game" to "being a copy-paste of X game"  or is this a criticism of game reviewers, thinking recent games are somewhere between "based on X game" to "being a copy-paste of X game"
A truly original experience that you wont see anywhere else with a little bit of dark souls zelda mario mario party super smash bros gris hollow knight
Buddy, they made all games, what are you supposed to do? Create random stuff? Human creativity comes from inspiration. Mechanics that work... just work. You put a twist on them and you got a game.   stop romanticizing "ORiGiNAlITY". It's not good, not if you want to make a good game that works and a living from making games.
This video is: all game reviews in the last 5 years
Dark souls is a good game
I know this video is a joke, but these reviewers using comparisons really don't do game developers justice. At this point so many ideas have been done that nothing can be truly original in that sense, however originality comes in the application of the tried and true mechanics that work. I just feel like so many people will see this video and look down on game development as a whole, when they should be looking down on the reviewers.
Dunkey is best described as the personification of Knack, made up of a mish mash of AVGN, Dream, Egoraptor, Logan Paul, PewDiePie, and a black man.
You know what game they didn't make a comparison to? SUPAH MARIO BROTHAS 2 GAME OF THE YEAR EDITION
dark souls was clearly the first game ever made
What’s the outro song called?
not every facet of a game can be unique as people are more likely to buy something they are at least somewhat familiar with rather than it being entirely foreign. It is whether or not the gimmick that is unique to a game is the main selling point or not and well it is done. Some games are even able to improve on some other games mechanics or actually do what the other game set out to do.   Gotta say that Star Wars Fallen Order was like Jedi knight Jedi Outcast and Jedi Academy without guns and fewer powers but improved combat in  most ways. I always found it weird that people think/though dark souls is some super unique game idea. Their good idea about making an open world game that is also a game with levels with seamless transition. Though you don't get to replay the level with the boss until newgame. Its kinda like a single player version of siege from Star Wars Jedi Knight multiplayer...
Dark Souls clearly is a clone of Demons Souls.
Wait, it's all derivative? _points gun_ Always has been.
YES finally yet another video essay channel by gamers, for gamers! Biting commentary, poetic metaphor, ethical dilemmas and good ol’ fashioned memes! Am I right or am I right fellow gentleman gamers?
These games are all clearly inspired by Bubsy 3D
Classic.
Who knew comparing games to other popular games is a simple way to convey a message to the viewer. This is a really shitty take, but I guess that's just regular Dunkey.
the elevator pitch for this video is that dounkey has clearly taken the best of both worlds of bits and pieces of borrowed inspiration interspersed between a little of
Just shoot me ...
Fucking beautiful
Its so lazy to compare a game with dark souls...
You forgot about craftopia, a strand-type game that has crafting elements like Minecraft, a stamina bar like zelda, and combat like dark souls.
kinda looks like a dark souls
every game is a little bit of darksouls and zelda and bloons td battles
I wonder if dunkey could not use IGN once in a while
Oof, a comment where i disagree with dunkey on something lol  I get your criticism with the video, i actually massively agree as well, but when a developer tries to go and do an original concept, it tends to get absolutely destroyed.  Take your pick for Deaths Stranding as an example. You absolutely decimate the game, and rightfully so, it's your opinion and you have every right towards that. But, the game for me, as a casual gamer cause, work is all i know these days, the game is incredibly enjoyable.  There are relaxing elements to Breathe of the Wild, and you can go out, venture, do anything and feel like you're making a difference in some way. But in Death Stranding, you are. Your creations, buildings, warning, are making an actual difference for other people and i really like that concept.  Criticisms against the game make a lot of sense too, the game has it's flaws. But at the very least, it tried to do something different, which is not something you can say about damn near every single other developer these days.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah
Dunkey only makes classics
I love your analysis of gaming, I find these videos extremely enjoyable and I like that fact that you are able to make a point without really saying anything. Cuutos Dunko
I think it's the hallmark of a good journalist to lean on stock comparisons. Why go out of your way to highlight what makes a game unique or stand out when you can just say "it's like zelda" and let the audience's imagination do the work.
Humans are weird
it all dark sould
They look like their own games to me. But what do I know?
Hey thank dunkle
who do i blame? the developers? the journalists? WHERE HAVE WE GONE WRONG
thanks Henry
thanks Henry
Everything’s a remix
ok, but who cares, art is inspiration and innovation neither being mutually exclusive, cool story bro.  As long as the games are fun that's what matters, and even then fun is subjective as it can depend on multiple personal factors such as age, personality,  life experiences, etc... Like I get it's suppose to be a joke but comedy is also supposed to be a critic of something. This is just stating the obvious and thinking it's funny or deep.
Every game clearly takes inspiration from earthworm jim 2
This video has many elements of "Game Critics" and a dash of "Remakes and Remasters", but ultimately would be nothing if "Worst Hanzo Ever" was never made. 7/10 it's basically perfect
Idk this video was clearly inspired by IGN, Game spot, CNET, MSNBC Gaming, The Angry Video Game Nerd, Inside Gaming 2015 era, Pewdiepie, Mr. Beast, HSN, Logan Paul, Jake, Paul, Steak Paul, Peg Paul, Central Oak Community Church and Jimmy G’s Awesome Game Channel 2764910 but it failed to achieve what they seem to do effortlessly in every single video.
This video made me so fucking anxious
dark souls is gonna be in real hot water once the journalists find out about the little known game "real life in the medieval times"
In my mind this is less of a comment on originality in video games and more a comment on how gamers respond to reviewers. If someone says something takes inspiration from X it's the quickest way to draw a picture in your mind about what that game is like. It's lazy on both the reviewers side and the consumer's side, but it works. You can do the same with movies, TV shows DEFINITELY music, or any other media but games come out so thick and fast and we gamers are such dum dums its easiest to make direct comparisons. Not saying there aren't rip offs and "borrowed" elements, but that's par for the course for such a dense media.
people see dodging and go "yep, this is just like dark souls"
Dunkey roasting game journalists with their own words will always bee quality content
Taking inspiration from a game is perfectly fine. No artist is truly original, they're all products of masterpieces that came before them. The problem begins when their inspiration plays out like a compilation. At it's best, inspiration should act like a reference to other works.
if you have to make 3 or more comparisons it's original in my book
Every videogame is just a Zelda + Dark Souls
The problem is its a huge financial risk to try new things in the video game industry. The Dreamcast, PS2 and GameCube golden days of innovative quirky games are all but behind us.
This is why kojima made the 1st strand-type game
I don't care for this kind of video. I'd much rather hear Dunkey's thoughts than clips making the same point on repeat.
wow dunkey, I had to stop the video at 1:36 cause the repetition was killing me, not cause the video is bad, but cause the video game references is bad!
we are reaching the point we need superAI to make us a good game.. that game will be matrix, the new world.
This McDonald's Crispy Chicken Sandwich has some obvious inspiration from the Chik-Fil-A chicken sandwich.
And Dark Souls was inspired by Ico and Berserk. And yet when something that tries something new to break the mold a bit comes out, a lot of people complain about it *cough* death stranding *cough*
There are 5 good games
Videogamedunky's name clearly takes inspiration from the game donkey kong
seems like we just like to catorgorize things to make it easier to comunicate
"That shit look like it belong in fortnite" but very professionally spoken
It is odd to see a video by him and only hear Will Smith's voice one time.
This just showcases gaming evolution. I get the satire but it is a decent example of our evolution with games.
So what you're saying is... there's a little something for everyone?
Originality in video game journalism
Scott the woz is a mix between the live action style of Angry Video Game Nerd, and the editing style of video game dunkey, creating his own unique style in the YouTube landscape unlike no other
This video takes heavy inspiration from you tubers like John Tron and dark souls
I think this video says more about video game commentary than it does about the video games. But go off, sis.
Dunky is further becoming a meta-philosopher of gaming and its ancillary industries and it's hard to describe what that means exactly except that it's delightful. It's sort of like Dark Souls meets Darksiders III.
Sigh another dunkey Rip-off sigh
Fair to say nobody’s really doing anything new in videogaming. Things have plateaued, bb
videogamedunkey is the Dark Souls of Youtubers
"I did think it was a bit like a Hades knock off"   not a Diablo knockoff...?
Hello, I'm here to pitch my elevator.  It goes BRRRRRRRRRR.
i sense that this one is gonna be followed by some 30 minute rants
So is this a jab at gaming journalism or the video game industry as a whole?
"The combat system is like FF7 Remake's"  So it fuckin sucks and is only sufficient for easy mode? Having FF7 Remake's awful combat system is by no means a selling point.
It's kind of impossible not to draw connections between other games but there is a point to be made how often things are compared especially in reviews
you sure this isn't about originality in games journalism?
yeah. game journalism is pretty bad.
I have come to the realization how video games just dont excite me anymore. I didnt realize that this video really pointed out how every video game can be compared to another about how similar it is and now it really killed it.
*Climbing with a stamina bar in game* Urinalist: so its basically BOTW, got it.    Shadow of the Colossus: wtf bruh...
Nintendo direct and new dunkey video !  What a glorious day
You ruined it. Why talk once after a whole video not talking?
Watch “Everything is a remix”. Originality is an illusion.
Darkseiders 3 really makes you feel like Dark Souls
yeah video games fucking suck. if you've played tic tac toe, you've played them all
What's the name of the second game?
This video is giving me an existential crisis. Why are we here? Just to suffer?
fuck this made me LAAAUGH
this video makes me sad
This video really makes you feel like Dark Souls
how much is game like xcom or dark souls / 10
There are only 2 games: Dark Souls and BOTW. And then there's Knack.
They are all… games…
So I understand the point, but I do think having a point of comparison or two is worth having for new games. It's a nice signpost saying if you were a fan of X style or mechanics then you'll probably also enjoy Y.
1:42 Someone hasn't played a Warriors game before.  Also, the sequence from 0:39 - 1:00 makes it sound like a math problem.
i think  he is on to somthing here
This video makes me feel like Spider-Man
Love the gex reference
You can describe literally everything these days with zelda or dark souls. At least according to the reviewers.
cant have enough of that zelda juice
So what you’re saying is that every video game is based off of SUPAH MARIO BROTHAS TOOOO?
This really made me feel like BatSouls the Dark Below
wow game critics can't review a game for what it is without comparing to other games? Who would have thought
All these games are just rip-offs of Garfield: Lasagna World Tour
The fact you can die in the game, clearly takes inspiration from every other game that allows your character to die.
This video is completely and clearly inspired by bubsy 3d
Dark souls kinda reminds me of demon souls
This is why I try to avoid comparisons in all of my reviews.
Super mario World 2 clearly took inspiration from Sonic the hedgehog
Do people actually watch/listen to these generic trash reviewers?
my ears have aids now
holy shit dude I cant even... you are the  last line of defense for OG youtubes
This literally applies to all art ever
To be fair, video games are similar to board games in that there are certain number mechanics going on, and there's only so many ways you can improve when a certain system works really well. Originality can mostly come from story
It’s easy to forget that Pong was the only prior game to come before next gen games like Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls.
IMO originality is overrated.
You're spicy uncle Dunkey 🌶️
I was worried I wouldn't hear his voice for the whole video
Man, none of these games would be anything without Pong. Clearly inspiration in both Dark Souls and Zelda games.
Why bring up Dark Souls when all of these games were clearly inspired by Oregon Trail?
man, wait till we get a game thats like dark souls..AND zelda...then we will have the perfect strand type game.
I don't think this is a lack of originality in video games as much as a lack of creativity from people who describe games for a living.
When the reviewer compared Dead Cells to Dark Souls I think I got a few Dead Cells in my brain
Funny that the few go-to games that are almost always used as comparisons: breath of the wild, dark souls, devil may cry, all borrowed mountains of ideas and mechanics from preceding games as well that no one bothers to talk about. It's almost as if the human species is fundamentally iterative by nature.
It took me a minute. And only a minute, for the constant “It’s like —— game series” to become annoying.  But then I reached a new level when I noticed the pattern of NEVER MENTIONING ANYTHING EXCEPT NEW GODDAMN GAMES.  “When I saw this game, top down view, random loot drops and etc, my first thought was—“  me: (He’s gonna say Diablo because that series *literally* *defined* the genre)  “—this game is a lot like Hades”  OH FUCK OFF!!!  DIABLO CAME FIRST, YOU HACK PIECE OF SHIT!  IT LITERALLY SPAWNED “DIABLO CLONES” AS A TERM!  “Game Journalism”: the most unfunny joke in recent history.
What did we learn kids? Everything is Dark Souls
"It's like Skyrim but with guns" - some old review about Far Cry
All of these games are just knock-offs of the original Pong when you think about it.
Time for the niche indieeeeees babay
And people will continue to pay for basically the same game with a different filter or texture … it’s legit both the producers and consumers fault that we see no originality… and when it’s something that we do want a new version of it’s met with “ do you not have phones” or “nobody wants a solo Star Wars game” or insert any dev comment here type deal..
You should follow the chain. You see what a game is compared to, see what THAT game is compared to, and continue down the rabbit hole until you arrive at the one original game.
No narration needed.  Some memes just write themselves
Raze is the best game
delete this
I'm gettin a lot of Gex vibes from this with maybe a hint of Dark Souls and breath of the wild
And there is Death Stranding. The only strand type game. The most original game that had ever made but people hate it because its boring in term of gameplay.
Who are these reviewers, man called a rougelike a hades knockoff cant be real
Do you think this is because of a lack of originality in games?  Or is it that game critics, by and large, only have enough literary & narrative skill to compare something new to something old?
I just think that this people doesn’t have any kind of knowledge outside videogames
1:27 - 1:42 Dunkey, your timing is flawless.
This is almost as original as Chris Pratt as Mario!
Assassin's Creed and Shadow of the Colossus walk in.  Zelda :BoTW *sweats immediately* Middle Earth *whistles nervously*
Are all of these IGN reviews lmfao
I'm impressed of the restraint of not slipping in an "it has a little something for everyone" in this video. It's not very original.
I noticed that nothing is like a “strand-type” game
I think this is more about the bad quality of review which can't highlight quality of a game without comparing it
yeah using example is fine but i think it's an overused shortcut
I dont really get the point.
Does anyone know the name of the game at 2:08? I remember seeing a clip of it a long time ago and thought, "That art looks cool," and then never heard anything about it again.
Wow developers really like themselves some zelda huh?
I really don't like when game journalists and/or developers use these half baked comments to explain the game instead of focusing on what makes them unique or different, It's completely fine to draw inspiration and originality is almost imposible on most forms of media. I love Metroid-vanias or souls like games but please just speak about the fking game and what makes it cool, saying "Yeah this is like Dark Souls" doesn't make your game look better.
Dunkey drop > Drake drop > Kanye drop don't @ me
Someone should just make a game, that is inspired by a game, that was inspired by a game, that was inspired by a game, that was inspired by a game, in turn, making an original game compared to the original inspiration.
Wasn't Breath of the Wild just a shitty rip-off of Shadow of the Colossus?
Well im glad people finally realize that's how you create shit, by taking shit that already exists and putting them together :)
I bet 90% of these reviewers have barely touched Dark Souls.
Are Arkham, Dark Souls, and DMC just used to mean "game with good combat"? A lot of the games they compared to those three played nothing like any of those.
TIL: Every game is a rip-off of Zelda or Dark Souls
This video was inspired by how my dad showed me one picture before showing me another taken immediately after it.
so they are all Zelda
This is a pretty lousy video tbh. When writing and you need to convey a description it helps to compare it with something the audience is used to. That’s all these people are doing, juxtaposing titles the audience is familiar with to illustrate how mechanics work in the game their reviewing.
Funny how a lot of these comparisons make no sense, two reviews saying two separate games drew inspiration from the other one (DMC, GOW), or saying one game was inspired by another one that was in development at the same as it (GoT, Sekiro).
tfw no souls-like metroidvania zelda-esque dungeon keeper-ish with a tinge of imagine: party babyz
i think it's less the games arent original and more that these reviewers don't have a very wide vocabulary. and they think their audience is a bunch of half brains.
Brought to you by Pong
It really makes you feel like a spider man
My head hurts
This video draws inspiration from Jontron and Caddicarus......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... and Dark Souls
where's the clips of GoW '18? Pretty much TLoU meets Dark Souls meets Tomb Raider, but I guess that game is exempt because it's a "masterpiece."
All of it is ultimately a ripoff of Pong.
These journalists are basically repeating words that probably come around during the initial pitch meetings among the higher out-of-touch management staff.
He's spitting straight fax
Notice how none of the reviews featured in this video compared any games to Knack. That's because Knack.
dunkey is clearly just a dark souls clone         jk keyori was a dunkey clone
It takes a little bit of something from everyone
This video  borrowed a heavy amount of inspiration from CROWBAT and VideoGameDunkey, Shame on you 0/10
Anyone who says that Ghost of Tsushima's combat is like Sekiro's has never played either game.
Take a shot every time they mention breath of the wild or dark souls
doki doki literature club-like
What kinda game is it like?
This is why I don't listen games journalists anymore
I know, you've heard it 100 times, VideoGameDunkey's videos take clear inspiration from Keyori, Shaclone, and Uberdanger. This time, he's infused the lovable content of Keyori with the informative "to the point" action of a compilation channel.
Although similar story elements similar to Gex while borrowing combat tools from bubsy, dark souls 1 is a unique experience
I do find myself just playing a game and saying “meh”. I can’t remember in the past while where I said to myself, “jeez that was a good game”. About to restart wolfenstien 2 New Colossus
This can be applied almost to everything in Life. That band sounds like Led Zeppelin or the Beatles. That painting looks like Rembrandt or Picasso. Is there something wrong with that?.
Why have originality when the majority of gamers are stupid and throws money at everything in this industry, even if the game sucks. If a formula works, just keep making the same ideas over and over again. We will see originality when gamers actually starts to vote with their wallets, and that will never happen.
I don't know if this is a commentary on the originality of game journalists or on the actual originality of games, if it's the latter, I think it's unfair to poke fun at the unoriginality of games when it's such a punishing industry, (financially and in terms of real life time). Most people buy buy games based on ideas of the developers previous games or games associated with it. It's very harsh to blame developers for not taking risks when the cost of failure is so high.
Why has dunkey taken the first 10 second joke of his videos and just made them entire videos
Obviously I think there's an issue with originality here, but I think there's a journalistic critique that could also be helpful to focus on too. Perhaps due to the rise in popularity of certain more recent game styles, we should describe them typologically/featurally rather than by only making comparisons.
One is reminded of a Crowbcat video, when watching the new Dunkey video!
2:13 does anyone know what this game is?
Why do I feel sick all of a sudden?
I can see how this video drew subtle inspiration from Bookworm Adventures 3
TLDW every game is darksouls
What game is at 0:19
Every game is either zelda or dark souls. Except first person shooters, those are all original ideas.
Alternate title: originality in video game journalism
originality is non existent
thank you dark souls
"So everything is just dark souls and zelda?" "always has been"
Why do we still have reviewers?
yeah but don't let a few shitty GameStop previews ruin a game for you
They just say that to lure the fans of the games they mentioned into buying it
And this is why Lawn Simulator is so amazing
I don’t really mind this as long as the game has its own stuff to offer, I think it’s more of a marketing strategy
It all boils down to dunkey clones
This dark souls clone takes a bit too much inspiration from pong
This is the Dark Souls of unoriginal games and video game review critiques.
Im getting more of a seared bite
bomkey
seeing everyone trying to find the point in this video is funny
What i learned from this video is that legend of Zelda , devil may cry and dark souls define their respective gaming genres.
This video is like watching the critically acclaimed movie "Pulp Fiction". Like "Pulp Fiction", this video also has full-color visuals and audio, and also utilizes the language known as English.
Now notice how all of these reviewers sound like robots.
Dark Souls was inspired by Zelda as stated in interviews. You did it Nintendo. You are the gaming puppet masters. Can you give something to Halo? That's the only thing related to Microsoft I actually cared about.
Originality has always been dead in the video game industry...  when Atari was popular, look how many space shooting games we got.....  when Nintendo was popular with mario, look how many 2d platformers we got....  street fighter was popular....look how many fighting games we got.  when beat em ups were popular, we got tons of those 2....  mario 64....got a bunch of terrible 3d platformers...  Resident evil 1 came out....got a bunch of fixed camera style survival horror like games....on ps1.  I can go on...but you get the idea   That being said, they say to key to success is to look at the most successful person in the room and copy what he does....so I can't really blame companies for doing this, and not all "knock offs" are bad, some might actually be better then the orginal.   I know people that will argue that diddy kong racing and Crashbandicoot racing game are better then mario 64.....I don't agree with them, but people think so nonetheless.
Moral of the story: Everything is Zelda!
Videogamedunkey is clearly inspired by IGN
Any Video Game Character: *rolls* Game Journalist: *IS THAT A MFING DARK SOULS REFERENCE*
Dark Souls
All I see are Pong clones
Up next originality on YouTube.
This video is kind of like watching basketball with a little bit of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, and, there's no way to go around it: Dark Souls.
gamers are cringe
A real Warioware of a video here folks
The worst part is the critics are right
Every game is Zelda and Dark Souls confirmed
This video is built like a classic Videogamedunkey video.
When everyone is Dark Souls, no one is.
Originality of video game reviewers. The games are fine; in 3 years, these same boring reviewers will be saying "almost a knock off of Remnant"
It's like art.  There's studies about it: "everything is a copy of everything". And it really is. It's hard to simply "create", because always gonna remember de past things. The history repeats.
just realized that Elden Ring will basically be Breath of The Wild + Dark Souls, and thus complete all of gaming
Yo, can someone help me identify the second game that was used in the vid.
One question. Have you ever had an original thought that was not influenced by anything in life?
It's 1am, I'm tipsy and this hurts
We all know that all games drew inspiration from Knack. End of story.  If you disagree - you are nitpicking and biased, I win, bye bye.
Makes me happy to see Solaire on dunky’s thumbnail :,) praise the sun!
Not one Knack inspiration... I'm sad.
I feel like everyone’s tendency to just compare every game to a couple of better known games stems from the mentality of making more content by putting less effort. Back then when these well known games weren’t around, game Journalists had to communicate a game’s structure more straightforward from the ground up. These days people just want to get their content out as soon as possible that instead of trying to deconstruct a game and communicate those pieces to their audiences, they would rather just use a vague and disconnected reference. It’s a sign that content creators don’t respect the value of the work they’re critiquing or the intelligence of their audience. They just want to take a shortcut in writing just to get their vid out first and get their views. With the ever growing consumption and prominence of media outlets and the internet as a whole, journalism becomes more of a commodity and less of a profession.
I’m seeing similarities between this and Dunkys collectors edition video
Darksiders 3 is clearly inspired by super mario 2.
"Every game is either dark souls or not dark souls"  - Obama
Insert James Franco meme.
Curse of the Dead Gods is better than Hades.
i can't believe you're still copying Keyori's style of video >:C
Little did you realize that every game is just dark souls. Even Bubsy.
Ah, The classic “There’s nothing quite like it, now here is a large list of things just like it”
Don’t even talk about the 1st person shooters
Celeste is basically 2d botw You can climb with a depleting stamina bar and you can glide
This video drew a lot of inspiration from Knack 2
what's the game at 0:20?
Eh, I'm glad that they're taking inspirations from the best games and remixing them into something new. Tone and art design are so important to me personally, that I can really bounce off a game that I don't enjoy those qualities, despite liking the mechanics. Its very difficult for me to get into most open world games, but there are a few that I love. Those few titles simply wouldnt exist if their developers were too shy to crib from the greats. My dream game? A GTA style open world, vampire themed, with movement mechanics similar to Breath of the Wild, but with extensive spells and abilities from Dishonored/Deathloop.
Yet, when someone steps oh so slightly outside of the box they get Dunkey's take on Death Stranding.
With the energy of me after I do a couple bumps in the shitter at the bar
"man, this place smells like a god damn Cheeto factory"  Donsly....
It's all so tiring.
If i hear one more Zelda comparasion i think im gonna blow up
game journalists are still useless who would've thought?
Even Dunkey has a quote where he goes "something something Dark Souls something something Castlevania"
there's nothing like originality anymore, everything is a remix babyyy
Most unfunny comment section ever
Wait, it’s all Dark Souls? Always has been.
Art style similar to wetrix and game play resembling Oregon trail and portals
I want to create a really hard soccer game called Dark Goals.
Dunkey doesn't even have to talk anymore we all know what he's saying.
What's the name of the first game shown?
Come on guys, we all know the only original game is Knack
this reminds me of a dunkey style video
This makes me sure that game journalists have only played 10 games in their life
Truly the Super Mario 2 of Dark Souls Rouge-likes
Game: 3rd person sword game thats mildly difficult.  Game Reviewers: Clearly inspired by Dark Souls
You really gotta do this to them don't you Dunkey. Ooof.
Lets be honest, ALL major video games, from Ocarina of Time to Half life, owe themselves to Knack II.
This video needed to be made. Thank you Dunkey
dark souls was the game that borrowed ideas from Zelda, the Berserk manga and Ico, but now it is the game which other games borrow ideas from
Papers Please is a work simulator that has clearly and shamelessly taken inspiration from every day life, and Dark Souls.
What was Rainworld based on?
My band plays "witch house metal ambient trans traditional Huns music inspired by the likes or Mozart and 50 cents" it's quite unique when you think of it.
Dark Souls, its got a little something for every game.
I mean by these standerds, if your chracter can jump then he is clearly taking inspiration from mario 1
Hope this video doesn't have nudity.
The Commando movie from the 80's was inspired by Dark Souls.
I truly believe there isn't and has never has been any new ideas only new connections. This is a perfect example of that idea.
I like how the gameplay of dark souls is used so much that it has it's own genre now
As it becomes increasingly impossible to create never-before-seen gameplay mechanics, it will be up to artists and writers to make games stand out. ...Or studios will just keep reusing recognized IPs to make people play the same game they've already played. I'm looking at you, EA's Star Wars games.
Pong takes inspiration from the game known as "Table Tennis."
Dark Souls made Mario
So what’s the point of this video??? Like games build off concepts other games are know for. So what? Wait till you find movies also have plot recipes.   Nice throw away video. Really cool dude.
Man these games sure do take a lot of inspiration from pong
i get what dunkey is trying to say videogamejournalist have a job to explain you what a game plays like but they have no way of doing so they just fall back on telling you "its like X, its like Y, its like ZXX"  if the person watching your video or reading your review for the game hasn't played those games, then they're not gonna understand a fucking word you're saying. its like, what's the fucking point of making gaming accessible to everyone - if what you're doing right here makes it so you require a prequesite to understand this talk about "its like dark souls, with devil may cry". it makes no fucking sense. Do these clowns want new people to play games or only people that have played games for decades? like i don't understand, its the same idiots that say video games need a difficulty slider for it to appease every casual gamer.
This game is clearly inspired by dark souls and zelda and dark souls and a little bit of dark souls too and devil may souls
this content creator is based on iDubbz mixed with Chris Smoove and a hint of... knack 2 babyyyyy
I would like to take a moment to appreciate the talent and out of the box thinking brought to us by From Software for being the very first of its kind not to be compared to other games.    Ghouls and Ghosts
Dunkeys new videos really make you feel like John Dark Souls
Ign rating games based on other games is like how some Americans use random objects to measure certain instead of actually using the metric system...or something like honestly sounded better in my head.
When all you have is a dark souls, everything looks like a nail.
I played into this when commenting on your last video, and I have no regrets.
Tells you how good breath of the wild and dark souls are
this makes me sad. it's like all of your friends are watching poopy anime and you have no way to influence them to look at the older stuff instead....
I don't think Dunkey understands these comparisons are made for MARKETING reasons
In the beginning...  there was only the "Dark Souls". Long it reigned and from it's blood it birthed what we now know as "Every other game".
Wait til they find out that Dark Souls was just a rip off of Knack 2.
But what is Dark Souls based on
COMEON! These are all just really "Tennis For Two-likes"
It's hard to describe an experience, but you can compare it to another experience people have had and they'll understand it more than if you try to describe it in just your own words.
genshin is officially in a dunkey video, nice.
When are we getting Dark Souls 3: 2?
Imagine respecting the opinions of game critics
Fun fact: Did you know that the Bible draws inspiration from dark souls
When life gives you Dark Souls, make Zelda. - Socrates
Low effort reviews.
You should do a review of Halo Ce
"I see myself as kind of a mix of Leafy and Jake Paul, so yeah." -The Dunk, 2019
but the question is where did DARK SOULS take its inspiration from? Breath of the wild probably!?
Is that a personal attack 🤔
“Dunkey has taken some clear inspiration from The Adventures of Pluto Nash in his latest videos”
"And climb any surface with a slowing depleting stamina bar, because Breath of the Wild made it so that's just in every open world game now."
Halo is a great game, with a lot of inspiration from The Legend of Zelda.
is this what its like in a videogame exceutive boardroom??
Take a shot every time dark souls is mentioned
Dark souls copied FFXI Quadavs
knack is only original game these days
"There's nothing new under the sun. Even the sun, in fact, has elements taken from Dark Souls."
“A lawsuit for the countless plagiarized games of the past decades, what for?”  - Lawyer Bubsy (guys I know right he’s a horrible lawyer)
Not sure what your point was. They say shit like that to give us an idea what to expect because few minutes of footage isn't usually showing much.
Originality is literally to take two or more things that already exist and combine them into something that has not been seen before.
Thank dunkey dir thus Video. Jet i know all Videogames was inspirated from Tetris 2
Ghosts of Tsushima is similar to Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice   Literally the only way is that you play as a Japanese guy lol
reviewers lack the ability to describe something in concise detail so they use lazy comparisons. thats why i only trust 2 people, dunkey & knack.
When I was little I really liked doing that one floor exercise where you put your head down and roll over your back. You know, that one move that was heavily inspired by Dark Souls.
Oof
Everything can be tied back to devil may cry or dark souls and dark souls has clearly taken some inspiration from devil may cry.
lol i love how you go there
This days more about how lazy the games journalism buisness is, than anything about the gaming industry
This game makes you FEEL like you're Dark Souls.
If this is games journalism now I think I have a shot at getting in
When Dunkey's voice popped in at the end, I was unprepared. Lol
Thank you Dunkey for making this video, so refreshing to hear. I thought I've been going crazy for the past few years when every fucking game review just compares the features to older games that "invented" them. Just because something in a game is similar doesn't mean that it's stolen or borrowed, maybe it's just a good system, so more than one person made it. Plenty of inventions have been make more than once, that doesn't mean they all learned from the first one to make it.
If it’s hard, it’s dark souls -IGN probably
All games are really just a rip off of super mario
This channel clearly takes inspiration in the best gaming channel Beef Stew
It has a little something for everyone
The humane race has reached his zenit, the future is just a mix of those previous things.
Hello I am not youtuber trying to promote his channel with funny comment, Ik am unique thanks
I'm kinda confused tho, is this video meant to mock the games for their lack of originality or the games journalists for their descriptions of those games? Because in case of the latter, these are just the easiest ways to convey something new to your audience. "New thing is like x and y mixed" is just easy to understand. And if it's mocking a lack of originality in games in general - using previously established mechanics doesn't detract from the remaining originality of a work. Having Zelda climbing or multiple enemies to mow down isn't THE defining factor for any game, it's just part of games at this point. It is quite hard to make something completely fresh at this stage, something that doesn't use any previously established mechanics from other games.
1:01 ????? Literally how
who knew that every game copied pong because they all have a player move a character and interact with the game
Originality in Journalism
It’s not like we can constantly create new genres of games
This is what happens when we don't have clear definitions for genres and subgenres
Game journalism is cancer and a 1983 boycott is the cure.
slipping
“Theres nothing like this game”.....names several games similar.
THEY MAKE THE WORST COMPARISONS
As childish gambino said, this is america...
we havent seen a new game in 15 years i guess
God this makes my hatred for the generic paid per word game "reviewer" boil up to the surface so much.
There is no such thing as original anymore in anything thats kinda sad
dark souls is the progenitor of all games
I love how many games had DMC as a reference, shows how much impact they've had on 3rd person action games
dunky just quickening his descent into boomerism now that using shorthand comparisons to convey an idea is now not good enough
I knew I was in for something when I heard a game reviewer tone in the first second.
I think the point of this video is to point out how lazy game critics are, which is ironic because this video could not have taken any effort. Are critics not supposed to compare games anymore?
I mean yeah  that what you do when you review a game to people that haven’t played it You give examples of older games they *might* have played in order to give them a visual of how the game might play
Damn this is the Dark Souls of youtube vids
waht about minecraft
Dark Souls the game famed for being really hard. But no one talks abotu the game only being hard cause the movement is fucking awful. Game is shit, Darksiders is at least responsive. I fucking hate Darksouls. Such a shitty game.
Here's an excerpt from my review of the latest Call of Duty to IGN:  "Call of Duty DOOM, Dark Souls God of War Rocket League Fortnite. Dead by Daylight Left4Dead, Grand Theft Auto 5 Skyrim Breath of the Wild. FIFA Madden, Persona 5 Ori and the Blind Forest Journey. 9.5 out of 10."
They're all children of Pong
Art is dead
Congratulations, Dunkey, you've done it. You've made the first video on youtube about originality. I'm so proud of you. It's clear that every video on your channel is something nobody else has done before, you're the only channel on youtube I've ever seen actually show video game footage *and* talk at the same time.
Apparently, you can't mention other games in your review anymore. Thanks domky
Help
there are 4 original games: Zelda, Dark Souls, Mario and Knack 2
Death Stranding... Its not really like anything. Looks like some stuff but it's not that stuff... Blood Piss Bullets and Shit grenades. Masterpiece
man, this game is just like Wetrix
Big Dunk, I love you, but none of these video games are as lazy as this video
To be fair, these are completely valid and very helpful ways of describing games
I can't believe people actually get paid to do reviews like this. "This game is like these two other games, but not exactly like them. 7/10"
Death Stranding is a perfect homage to the original Super Mario Brothers. The first strand type game.
man this video is like a mix between a innovative Kiori video and the critique of a Yahtzee review!
So copy 2 similar games, change/merge a few colors and character names and boom!!! You are now a game developer.
this video was clearly inspired by chris pratt's performance in the upcoming mario movie
"You get killed on a videogame" Reviewers: this game is just like dark souls!
I like how you well noticed how incompetent journalists are.
It's nice to see that Zelda is still an amazing game inspiration for generations to come
this industry man
Thank you Dark Souls for inventing Swords
The reviewers are lazy. I've seen some reviews make comparisons that are way off.
you could also rename this video to gaming journalists
thats a lot of dark soul
Sometimes I think that everything has been done in the medium, and that we're constantly seeing retreads, or remixes of older games. Then I remember that Katamari Damacy exists, and I can't think of anything like it that came before, or since, and I get excited about all the genius unique ideas like Katamari Damacy out there.
Play Eldest souls though it's amazing
The elevator pitch for Knack 2 is that it's a game heavily influenced by Knack 1...AKA a MASTAPIECE
All of these strand-type games you showed owe it to death stranding.
Less of a commentary on gaming and more of an insight into the lack of writing proficiency in "game journalism". Why does every game have to be summed up as X meets Y? In a lot of cases it doesn't even make sense..
death stranding was clearly inspired by mario
Much like time, originality is a flat circle
It's not nearly as bad as Dunkey makes it look. Comparing games to other games just makes it easy to communicate features of a game to the audience. In other cases, it's not weird for games to be inspired by something genre-defining like Dark Souls or Devil May Cry.
It seems like dunkey is really inspired by the real life dunkey from Arkham Asylum
this is just because the only game reviewers have played is zelda and dark souls
Dear Dunpkey, long time watcher and fan, but death standing was a new thing right? But you still don’t like the concept. Is it just not your cup of tea then?
I’m so glad someone like you exists dunkey
Dunkey borrows heavily from his contemporaries; such as the Viva Piñata franchise, SSX Tricky, and Blue Dragon for the Xbox 360
I come here for the reviewer reviews and self commentary on todays trendy fads in the world of commentary.
there goes my quircky earthbound inspired rpg that's actually about depression
This video is like dark souls
I really dont know if you're even going to see this comment, but I so, sooo agree. I'm nearing 40 and have a really hard time looking at any new game, and not thinking "I've already played  this for 1000 hours".   Corporations are absolutely ruining gaming. They refuse to take any chances on something that isn't a guaranteed payday.
“Makes you feel eerily like a Dark Souls, Zelda like, Fortnite inspired Batman.” - IGN
Capitalism does what makes money
How about some more fortnite thursdays?!
The title of this video: Originality in video games  The point of this video: There is none
So there are two critiques baked into the satire here. One is about game design, and the other is about reviewing.   For the first, game design is an art, and artists either steal from one other or inspireone another, depending on how cynical you're feeling. This is how the creative process works, and as a creative, I think it's healthier to see art as a positive dialectic process rather than a competition for originality. The secret is: nothing is truly original.   For the second part, game comparisons are like book or movie comparisons. If you're worried about wordcount, the fastest way to describe what it's like to play a game is to compare it to other games. Game design lingo is pretty specific and niche, and not useful for a general audience.   Obviously, fast is not good, but try to describe a tv show to someone who wants an accurate description without referencing another show or genre. Without that context, most descriptions feel nondescript and vague.
thank you dark souls
thanks this was unpleasant to watch  I hope you had just as much fun making it
honestly this is more gaming journalisms fault than the actual developers fault
Okami.
This is kinda a bad argument for lack of originality in games. With anything people only have the ability to compare things to other things that already exist. Nothing is 100% incomparable to something else. It’s a way to market something safely, oh like dark souls? This felt a little like that to me, you will probably like it.   I get the comedy of it though. Love your videos as always Donky!
All games is the offsprings of Zelda and Dark Souls
This video reminds me of dark souls
“I’ve never played anything like this but I have played something like this” is probably the most empty and pointless statement you could ever use in your review.  So you’re telling me you’ve never played a game that you’ve literally never played.
You know... I think demon souls was heavily inspired by dark souls.
So you are borrowing content to make fun of people for borrowing content?
This video is kinda dumb, reviewers are going to relate games to other games to makes viewers understand what kind of game it is. They can't sit there and explain every mechanic.
All the games that could be made have been. Every new game is just a mixture
I don't get it. Find me a movie or song that didn't have a clear set of inspirations they drew from. This is how the creative process works. You extrapolate from works you enjoy, and add your own spin.
Really makes you feel like Dark Souls
But does it feel like Knack 2 ?
The legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild is clearly inspired by legend of Zelda breath of the wild
That was painful
would love to hear your thoughts about where inspiration becomes imitation in videogames
thank you dunkey dark souls very cool
Cool, a new Crowbcat video
lmao take a shot for every zelda name drop
Once you’ve bought Dark Souls, BotW and Mario 64 you’ve bought every game
These game critics constantly comparing games to each other are just nitpicking and biased.   I win bye bye.
This is why individual reviewers are better then the corporate machines like IGN
Beautiful vid dunkey 😂😂😂
i mean, x game has literally a poison swamp. Its literally a soulsborne ripoff
Nintendo bayonettta 3
Challenging game: *exists PRO reviewers: DARK SOULS.
Expecting to hear your voice, I had a lot of anxiety wading through all those other voices
Almost all of them can be created in Minecraft using Command Blocks. 10/10 "Makes you FEEL like playing Dark Souls in Minecraft"
think you might be onto something
Its a good day on the internet when dunkey uploads
I deeeeessspiseeeee souls likes because that's allllll they do now. Here's another hard game that will make you frustrated. Yayyyyy!
thank you for finally putting this to a video, i've been feeling this way about games for a while
Drawing connections to other games is fine to think yourself. I hate being told what a game reminds someone else of, please just let a game stand on its own
All these games are heavily inspired by Pong
Dark souls is the first game
Strand type is the only strand type
2:10 - yes because that was such an innovative idea I am 100% sure nobody else except the creators of BOTW has ever thought about doing something like that before. So now that innovative idea is only thanks to BOTW.
Games journalists are physically incapable of describing something without comparing it to something else
Bad video, these things are unavoidable unfortunately. Even if one game pulls off a freshness it will quickly be copied.  Also for reviewers, the easiest way to immediately get the vibe of a game across is to compare to games people already know. It’s not always accurate, simple as that.
Too original not good
Daek Soul
I will say that true originality is extremely rare; most "new" ideas are just old ones combined in innovative ways. Reviews of games that do this tend to have the effect of making the game sound like a ripoff of one or more games, but that's because they need something to compare it to so potential buyers know what kind of game they're getting into.  Point is, there's a difference between borrowing cool ideas that work and blatantly ripping something off. Obviously that line is subjective, but it does exist.
That's what you get when idiots calling themselves journalists make everything from a template. Even their voice pitch is almost perfectly same.
Refreshing and original!™
This has gameplay elements from such games like pong, where you beat the opponent
You know dunkey has a point when he doesnt have to talk at all lmfao
*"People Don't Want Something Truly New, They Want the Familiar Done Differently"*
I'll have 2 Dark souls, a Breath of the Wild large,  a final fantasy with extra dip, a kingdom hearts,  2 GTA's, one with cheese, and a large skyrim.
The comment section is very similar to something like a Twitter or Facebook reply to a certain imagine/video.
Dunko, each one of your new videos is better than the last. It has been a pleasure to watch you grow as an artist over the years. I honestly cant believe that you are able to make such amazing videos controlling your PC with a usb steering wheel
Wondering if Youtube can handle how much hot, raw, unadulterated sex dunkey keeps posting here. "sgonna give them a bad reputation.
It’s funny how much game reviewers like to reference Dark Souls when it seems like the vast majority of them hate the series.
Dunkey is like Sky at Jerry Garcia's house.
Praise the Sun
uhm, i think it says more about games journalism than about game design
Dark Souls. Classic
Has taken clear inspiration from Bubsy: Claws encounters of the furred kind... I mean Dark souls 2.
More like originality in video game "journalism"
This video is the Dark Souls of satire
damn dunkey you sound different today
When's "Originality in Dunkey's Comment Section"
I'm a simple man:  I see a new Dunkey video essay, I click!
The writing standards to be a game reviewer are so slow they are accessible by wheelchair
Game at 3:03 name pls
Haven't watched this yet, but nitpicking and biased. I win. Bye Bye.
As inspiring game developer, it's good to have inspiration from other games. You get to play around with what others have done before and put your own unique twist on aspects of games that you enjoy. The problem is when people set out to make something be something that already exists. It's ok to make a 3rd person action game, as long as you make it have it's own identity.    I understand that the point of the reviewers is to give listeners an idea of what to expect out of a game but sometimes these comments can hurt a game's chance of ever being seen as a unique experience worthy of our time. Anytime I hear "this game is like some other game", it makes the game sound bland.   It's important to remember that "souls-like", "rogue-like", "metroidvania", and such are marketing buzzwords that are meant to stir up hype for a game based on people's opinions of older games. They'll continue to use them until the market has been oversaturated with these types of games and people lose interest.
“Comparison is the lowest form of criticism”
the dark souls of elevator pitches
When she said best described as a top down, for some reason I didn’t think she’d do the comparison but alas
This is why we need more Strand type games
The closest thing to this is manga nowadays. Everyone and their grandma is making a “resurrection” or “restart at level 1 but with a cool new skill where you can grow” type bit
*Unoriginality from reviewers*
Call of duty much like war.
This is the Dark Souls of video game youtube content.
the dark souls of youtube videos
Dankey
they really do just name drop dark souls for everything. comparing it to deathloop? Lol
basically every game is Zelda
With just how many games are released in a year combined with the fact coding a game takes several years. Add on top of that trying to create a new mechanic and code it into a game, its not really a huge deal that those mechanics that are good are used to make more good games. I see the same in movies and shows, where similar visuals or camera shots or music is used. Besides it has been proven there is no such thing as an original idea, everything is derived from something else. Great satire though
anything with a dodge roll has "taken inspiration" from dark souls
Dark souls
Because Zelda kinda good
I think this video is more of pointing out how all these new games are being constantly compared to the most obvious or the most recent popular stuff, instead of anything like a criticisms of them being unable to be 'original'. Notice how the games 'journalists' (I'd assume that's what the other voices in the video other than Dunkey's) couldn't stop themselves from comparing the games they're talking about to other games, in such glaringly shallow and superficial way. While we probably have to sit down and define it properly, I think we all can agree that something like _climbing, stamina, melee combat, etc etc_ are pretty basic and fundamental mechanics in....literally every video games out there. More specific and contextually speaking, some gameplay mechanics are exclusive to certain genres, but within the context of a genre then a mechanic can be perceived as something basic. And yet, these people talked about the games they mentioned as comparison **as if** those games invented all these basic and fundamental gameplay mechanics. And I think that's what this video is actually about.  Or it's just a sh*tpost as usual.
Dark souls except:
As predicted Knack 2 remains masterpiece
We all know dark souls has taken inspiration from Dunk Souls
the thing that angers me the most these past few years is the fact that they would compare 2D platformers to dark souls instead of the best 2d game ever made ROGUE LEGACY
2:32 what game is that? Remnant? Dark Souls with guns?
Yeah, pretty much all of the games out there is copying Minecraft Servers and Maps
Games were inspired by Bugsnax
Chess is just checkers with influences from dark souls
Really makes you FEEL like another game
😂😂😂
f*cking on it lately Dunk, wp.
The game is clearly inspired by pong the first strand type game. “Thank you Dark Souls.”
Every game is just a variation of Pong. Fight me.
Dark Souls
Content writes itself these days
Imagine if you never played Dark Souls. How the hell are you supposed to know what a Soulslike game might be like?
Playing Ghost of Tsushima really made me FEEL like Batman
This video has a little cringe with inspiration from Reddit
There are no original ideas. Everything, especially art, is derivative. Everything is built on what came before it.
This game is truly original in every way. Taking inspiration from Mario, F-Zero, Zelda, Dark Souls, Star Wars, and Tearaway, it truly creates an individual style of gameplay.
Are you sure the video shouldn't be titled "Originality in IGN Reviews"?
so what?
This is literally the dark souls of dunkey videos
Dunkey is the Dark Souls of Youtube
Everything is just dark souls copy those days
This entire community that middle aged and young adults formed around videogames (influencers, streamers, game reviewers and so on) is the actual problem, not videogames. Videogames are toys just like Lego. Lego can entertain multiple generations of kids despite barely changing. Just because YOU grew up it doesn't mean that Lego now "sucks" or "lacks originality", it just means that it's time for you to get a new hobby.   If you're a 30 year old watching Nintendo Direct and getting disappointed because the new Mario or whatever doesn't impress you, you should rethink your life.
True story, I consider the Dark Souls games to be the worst games of the genre. Literally every game that has been dubbed "souls like" is better than dark souls and vastly more engaging. The only one that was remotely decent was the 3rd Dark Souls. Not trolling, but will gladly eat up all the Dark Souls fanboys' tears over me insulting this massive pile of shit series.
Honestly, Dumbo has taken some clear inspiration from Dark Souls.
exactly! i don't really buy new games anymore because they're just the old games. why not just play the best version of the game and get really good at it instead of playing a new game that had to change the controls/physics a little bit to get away with copying the original
I mean it's pretty obvious that reviewers will compare the games's mechanics etc to already known franchises and stuff (?) But I get the point of the video
This does speak to a lack of originality in video games (a bit), but I think it speaks more to the communication shorthand of introducing a new concept by likening it to concepts that the audience is already familiar with.   I think BPM: Bullets per Minute is an incredibly original concept, but Zero Punctuation described it as Quake II + Binding of Isaac + Crypt of the Necrodancer, and that's not inaccurate.
Drunkey clearly took inspiration from CrowbCat
Why is no one talking about the strand type games???!
Guy who has only played The Boss Baby video game, playing his second video game: Getting a lot of 'Boss Baby' vibes from this
this video takes a little inspiration from dark souls
It's ok to not be original
I think this definitely a fault of the consumers, mainstream media and the growing popularity of video games.
I'm 100% on board with the visceral hatred that Dunkey constantly expresses for IGN.
I don't really understand the point of this video? People tend to understand new ideas in reference to old ones. You'll see the same trend in films, paintings, and other kinds of art. To be honest, that's how human creativity in general works: we take things we're familiar with and combine them in unique ways. The idea of "originality" or "innovation" is kind of a myth. Even early games were like this, Miyamoto famously being inspired by personal experiences in the real world for games like Zelda and Pikmin. As the game industry matures, games will naturally start to take inspiration from other games more and more, just as other art forms have done.   So, I don't understand what the criticism is here? Yes, these journalists are describing one game in comparison with another game. And? What's the problem with that? I could understand the criticism that these journalists are making comparisons that don't make sense, at least some of these comparisons are fairly poor, but just as many of these are good comparisons which only help me to understand what these games might be like to play. To me, the real problem here is the inconsistency of how comparison is used; Sometimes, a game's similarity with a pre-existing game is used as praise, other times it is used as a point against the game, describing it as a "knock-off". But the solution to this isn't to stop comparing games to other games. The solution would be to make more thoughtful comparisons, that point out what specifically is similar or different, and whether more clear inspirations are used with care.
I agree with most of the arguments Dunkey presented in this video, this man is preaching
I see where the inspiration for this video is taken from.
This is a pretty funny compilation, but it's really not some biting commentary on "the reality of modern video games". It's not actually saying anything. Art is inspired by other art, and even if the connections are loose people like to bring them up to explain stuff easier and make it more relatable.
My God, I hate these comparisons. I'm raging. People who've played 2 games and compare every single game to that one game they played. I AM GOOOOOOOOOOOOONNEEEEE
you put a single invincibility frame in a game and its a clever homage to dark souls
And Dark Souls is a lot like Ninja Gaiden for the X-Box.
This review clearly takes inspiration from dunkviews with a sprinkle of IGN in there's. It's got a little something for everybody
Magical
videogamedunkey. A youtuber that combines the "videogame" of Angry Videogame Nerd and "donkey" from the classic animal Donkeys. Truly a unique esperience. 0/10
This video really feels like you're playing SpongeBob Atlantis SquarePantis on the PlayStation 2
i know this community is not so keen on Death Sranding but you gotta admit that at least it was its own thing   truly, the first strand-type game okay bye
I can't even imagine how reviewers managed to review games before 2011. They'd have nothing to compare the game to.
So what you're saying is, it really makes you _feel_ like batman.
This video was a little bit Mario 2 with a sprinkling of Bubsy3d.
Seeing some heavy gex inspiration in this one
This is like a Bar Mitzvah at Dark Souls house
Can we admire that dunkey said Like 5 words and this video is still a banger
One has to wonder-- other than Dunkey and a select few other satirists-- who actually pays any attention to anything the vapid, pseudointellectual mouths of games """journalists""" have to say? They are paid propagandists, nothing more. It has been that way for over a decade. Why are they still in business?
Originality in Video Game Reviews
This video reminds me of dunkey's video on video game critics, but with the combat of dark souls of course.
"Brought to you by Skillshare"
I think this is more of a case of games journalism being trash than a lack of originality. These "journalists" aren't very good at writing.
Dunkey's mind was just too bothered by having to cheat to beat donkey kong 64 when making this video. The rare not funny dunkey video.
why the video has that "many" dislikes? (not really that many but for a dunkey video yes) I don't get it the video is good...did I miss something?
Seriously though. Comparing games to other games let's me know I might like it, if I liked those other games.
now for all the dunkey clones to say the same thing smh...
I guess Death Stranding was the first strand-type game then. Golly!
“And on the first day, God created Dark Souls.”
This is like playing Dark Souls at Zelda's house. -Gex
It's time for a new genre: dunk souls, where you have to fight a rubber ducky while an irreverent commentary track is playing in the background about the nature of video games.
Want originality? Play Disco Elysium.
literally no different from 20-30+ years ago. originality has not changed in videogames. same exact level of originality since day 0
This video is headache indulcing
Dark Souls was the first video game I ever owned, so I literally, unironically compare every game I play to Dark Souls. This has made it difficult for me to enjoy many video games, because, despite what IGN would have you believe, not every game is a Dark Souls.
Dunky is bordering on dangerously based
X is a bit like Y with some Z.
dunkey's new video haven't watched it yet: classic
I was waiting for Dark Souls Section™️ to begin the second I understood this video
Elevator pitches are so frequent because games take a chunk out of your busy life. Its easier to get people to commit if they have familiarity.
What is this about? Showing games are just copying each other? That's pretty much everything, games get their influence but stories from real life with a twist. Nothing is original, get over it. No one is unique, the only uniqueness is how they combine different elements to make something "new"
This is more the fault of game journos, they're selling you (oh sorry ""reviewing"") a product.  So its a lazy way to describe a game. Oh its a 3rd person beat em up and its kinda hard? "This soulslike inspired by devil may cry blah blah blah 8/10 buy it"
Super Mario Bros. 2 needs a romance system
I like how he didn't say ANYTHING and just showed clips and will still get vilified by twitter gaming columnist warriors
Why do they all sound the same
Finley should do a video on Space Station: Silicon Valley for N64
Plus de traductions please 🙏🏻
3:00 KEK, other than having a potion for healing in combat what similarities are there between dead cells and dark souls? hard bosses?
Notice how all of the clips are people reviewing the game trying to describe it so they name aspects other games have to help give you an idea of the feel. Aka if I tried to describe orange I'd call it a lighter red but that doesn't mean it's it's unoriginal color
This channel have a little bit of everything, fitting for everyone, you can clearly see how it was inspired by both casual games like amongus and the hardcore Raids Shadow Lemons.
Bro did they fukn compare deathloop to dark souls. Forget that death loop is a boring trash game.
I heard that song at the end and was immediately transported back to 2011 when I first beat New Super Mario Bros on the DS
That's what happens when you Ctrl+C and Ctrl+V all the time
This comment section was inspired by Dunkey
you don't understand. Games these days need to have a little something for everyone
If it has a sword or if you come back to life that means it's inspired by dark souls.
Every game has a little something to dark souls
But... so what? I mean, there are literally millions of games, originality is the thing of the past.  Every thought you can have already has been thought by someone.
Dark souls was inspired from pain and suffering
Ya games journalism especially relies on this crutch a bit much, _but_ *it's been seen through arts for awhile now,* any graf. is a banksy, basquiat, or a haring, repetitious screenprinting that's warhol, in music it's like this sounds like nirvana, deathgrips, lil peep, 645AR (all out of date examples Ik) or even _"type beats"_ . Fortunately these comparisons usually come from the viewer and not the journalists and certainly not the artists.  Whereas in games sometimes the sales pitch by the marketing team is it's like *zelda meets guns* . Just anecdotal speculation ofc, but it seems games media/out-of-touch-marketing feels it needs to prove a game worthy by referencing it's contemporaries/inspirations, which is unfortunate.
People remember more the stamina bar from zelda to the stamina bar from the shadows of the colossus and now i am sad
guy who's only played Zelda, playing his second game: "getting a lot of Zelda vibes from this"
this video takes a lot of inspiration from dark souls
I didn't notice not one strand-type game...Kojima is the master of originality...
Did you... Take a clip from Curio :O
Big thanks to Dark Souls, the original Video Game.
It's almost like comparison is the easiest way for the human mind to understand new things.
Knack is the most original game there is, no question about it.
Watch Everything Is a Remix by Kirby Ferguson
Strand Souls was the first top-down death-type game
I love games taking ideas from one another. What I hate, is people falsely labeling games as clones.
Just a reminder of how the souls series was a game changer.
Originality in game critics
I looked  through your videos to try and make the same comparisons you are pointing out here about a game you reviewed as good but i honestly could not find any of your videos to draw upon as all of the ones i was going to use where games from the 90's which most of the ones in this video draw from. your point is well taken. that all said i will play devils' advocate and argue that just because a game is easily comparable to a preexisting franchise does not mean in every case it's not original. Also a lot of people in these clips where using comparisons intentionally from games well loved because they were paid to, does not make it any less shity but it does mean their interpretations are bias.
I kinda wish he had shown the reviews of Demon's Souls that compared it to Zelda
dunky is able to a make a great video with only 1 line words from himself. God tier!
To be fair, Knack revolutionized how we see games.
This is more inspired by Fallout, Mad Rat Dead, and Rust.                                                                       With some Clear inspiration from Dark Souls
all those reviewers sound remarkably unprofessional, some even disinterested or like a lazy copy of -darkso- i mean IGN  speaking with a similar tone, inflection and pacing, its easy to hear the unquestionable influence of mainstream media and how it all sounds the same with all that said and done, im gonna have to give this review a 4.5 out of 5, because we're paid shills and cant piss off the moneymen
Tldr: Everything is a Remix. Including this uninspired comment.
You know I was okay with people referring to most games as “ souls like games “ because I played the OG souls game so I was always ready to fact check a person ya know 😅 but this is getting too repetitive
This video is the darksouls of dunky
This really makes you feel like a cringe game journalist that can't even get past the cup head tutorial
Its great that dark souls invented video games
all good art is stolen from other stolen art
I heard the voice in the beginning and almost panicked thinking someone killed dunkey and replaced his channel
these games get made because it's so mich easier to say "let's make a game like Zelda and God of War" and then get green lit by publishers
Its like how most stories can just be boiled down to Shakespeare, originality in art that doesnt suck is rare.
Dark souls
This, quite possibly the greatest game of all time, combines elements of Knack, Knack 2, and SUPA MARIO BROTHERS 2. It shall remain on the top of every game of the year list for years to come.
journalist always compare new release to other big titles, then call it knockoff. That sucks, because it didnt encourage developers to be creative...
There is nothing new under the sun
Kind of like how not eating the hot dog at Weird Al's house is inspired by not drinking the tap water at Gerry Garcia's.
This game stands out because it does what other games does!
I mean... Even Zelda wasn't original tbh, Neither was pokemon,  They all just took elements of things the creators liked and filled in the gaps with creativity, That's how games work.
Getting through this video without cringing is like beating Dark Souls.
Dunkey is a channel a that's like a combination of angry video game nerd with a touch of The View
Nice video!
As gamers we know countless games that are amazing, but Ocarina of Time is the best game of all eternity
This channel is clearly inspired by dark souls
This has more to do with how shallow and incompetent game reviewers are than the gaming industry itself. Yes, a lot of games do borrow from other successful games, but that's pretty normal for any piece of media. That's how games and genres evolve overtime, we keep the good ideas and remove the "bad" ideas, well depending on sales and user feedback of course. What reviewers should be focusing on is what makes each game unique, what sets it apart from other games in the same genre, instead of always comparing it to the biggest AAA example of said genre. Further more, it's not like any of the games mentioned here really invented ANY of the concepts that are being used to compare these games.  Dark Souls didn't invent stamina meters, neither did Breath of the Wild, not even when climbing. Yes they obviously popularized these mechanics in recent years but it's just pointless to say a game is a clone because it borrowed one mechanic from a game that people really liked. What reviewers really need is a bigger vocabulary and clearly more gaming experience haha.  And obviously games should strive to take more risks and innovate on new mechanics but you can't really blame big publishers/studios from sticking with what works, gamers support their decision by continuously buying those games, so you can't really blame developers for the problem, it's gamers who vote with their dollars on what mechanics and genres continue to thrive. Indie games try all sorts of unique and original ideas, taking much bigger risks because the budget is so much lower and there aren't 100+ employees whose job depends on the success of a single title.  But while indies may be doing a lot of unique things, very very few people give a $H!T about them. Outside of a few, very few outliers, most indie games barely break a hundred sales. So that's one thing that's always fascinated me. The general consensus is that gamers complain AAA games are too repetitive, shallow and unoriginal, yet those are the only games people buy and play. The only time they buy an indie game is if some streamer/youtuber popularizes it, otherwise indies are $H!T out of luck.
Thank god we will be getting soup type games, hopefully they don’t get milked to death.
Hey, have you heard of Dark Souls? Before it came out, there were no other games. Every game that even hints of being playable were most likely inspired by Dark Souls. Have you heard of Candy Crush, Need For Speed, or even Half-Life? All of these games were inspired by Dark Souls. I'm a game journalist, therefore Dark Souls
Hey hey hey leave sable alone
I'm happy dark souls was reference alot to other games because how much I played it and how hard it was. But I loved it anyway when it first came out
Video is funny when you edit the clips together, but like does this actually mean anything, every game builds on old ideas, doesnt take a youtube genius to inform the masses of something that is so obvious
Lowest effort video put out by donkey yet. Content leeching at its finest
Originality in video games? Or originality in ability to describe a game? Like I know that every game is not quite exactly original. Like the way the reviews frame the games are is everything is a hybrid or a clone of another entity, but if you keep following that mentality all the way back you can basically make that assertion about any game that falls within a certain genre. Like top down city builders are basically just sim city, and open world crime games are all grand theft auto.
This is a souls like game compilation
Katamari
I hate games journalism
This video low-key like Zelda and Dark souls 😳😳😳
This was hard to watch
Yeah but there’s never been a strand type game before Death Stranding!
my 5:00-11:30 was exactly like Zelda and final fantasy
Not super sure how I feel about this. On one hand you don’t really want games to have to piggyback off of the success of others (like there gimmicks or features). But on the other hand somebody watching a review on a game they don’t know anything about, it might help viewers relate to certain features in games they have played have played before.
the ELEVATOR PITCH FOR VIDEOGAMEDUNKEY is ?
Penguin wars is original
Less about originality in games and more about lazy fucking journalists. Holy shit.
I thought the clips were an introduction. But they just kept going…
So... if they put Link in Dark Souls we will have a new Space Jesus on Earth!
If anything I think this just shows that journalists don’t know how to describe anything without being comparative. Most of the game youtubers I’ve watched don’t do this, but every ign, polygon, rock paper shotgun, etc make them constantly.
This video is heavily inspired by Dark Souls
A big reason for all this is that big video game companies never take any risks and don't make original stuff
doesnt even have to say a word lmao
'Hades knockoff' you mean Diablo knockoffs knockoff?
I got max franchise exhaustion from this.
It just like Darks Souls
Are you trying to tell me that I’ve just been playing Dark Souls this whole time?
let's be honest, all of these games took inspiration from Pong
Dunkey has taken a lot of inspiration from Dunk Souls
*Originality in Video Game Reviews (mainly from IGN)
Every Game is Zelda.
"Dark Souls" "Breath of the wild"
Could’ve sworn this was a Crowbcat video
Thought I was watching a crowbcat video for a minute
there's only about 5 original games, everything that came after is just a remix of them.
I like games that make me feel like batman
Dunkey want to play my maths game?
Dark souls is just another dunkey copy
This video was clearly inspired by Dark Souls.
"One new simulation game please :)"  STARDEW VALLEY MEETS STARDEW VALLEY MEETS STARDEW VALLEY M
This new video essay is pretty bold faced with its influences from every IGN review ever.
They sell, though, yeah? Why would you ever take a risk? The hard work has been done. Just shove your game-by-numbers out there with a couple micro-transaction hooks inside and wait for the money to roll in. Originality is bad business.
Pretty odd how dark souls is always credited, but they literally stole the death mechanic from mario 🤔
Every videogame is just Tennis for Two with better graphics and mechanics. Prove me wrong.
So basically everything is dark souls
Tourettes is a potential side effect of playing Dark Souls once
>being unaware of elevator pitches and the "for fans of" phrase in 2021
Take a shot Everytime a game is inspired by Dark Souls
You know, it wouldnt kill these guys to explain the gameplay mechanics rather than reference every single other game it reminded them of.
No idea's original, there's nothing new under the sun It's never what you do, but how it's done
I hate around 80% of these voices
There is nothing new under the Sun ☀️ imitation is the highest form of flattery
Smosh called it years ago. "The video game industry is doomed"
Dunkey will eventually never speak in his videos ever again distracting us from the fact that he is a 90 year old black grandma.
I agree, but simultaneously no art is created in a vacuum
This is why I've been playing hunt showdown. Nothing like it out there. Yeah there's Tarkov but its still so much different and original.
This game really makes you feel like playing another game 10/10 ~ IGN
This is quite the good video! It’s like a mix between……zzzZ
Dont know what you are expecting though, I mean what else is there to be original about like honestly do you have any ideas? they dont have to be original to be fun.
A lot of games, boiled down to their gameplay, are reminiscent of other games, since they use game play ideas from them. In the worst cases, like with Genshin Impact and Valorant, the game is a blatant rip off; a cash grab attempt where the developers literally just reskin another successful game and call it their own.
Death Stranding is like..... Nothing you've played before. Kojima checkmate this industry
For some of these when they said "It's like (insert game)", I actually thought that was the game on screen until I looked closer and realized it wasn't (awkward). Hopefully at least they don't copy those games to the point that it's brain-numbing (my hopes aren't high, it is the game industry after all).
anybody know the game at 2:10? im on my knees begging
Game is hard = Dark Souls.
What a genuinely stupid take
Noooo leave Dead Cells out of this :(
Dark Zelda's May Cry.
This is the first strand type video on YouTube
Unfortunately it’ll only keep getting worse
didn't see a lot of strand-type games in this one. disappointing.
3:14 who is that?
It has a little something for everyone
Draws inspiration from Dark Souls and Viva Piñata
I thought dark souls was going to be inspired by Zelda and the video would come full circle
Well, everyone needs to find inspiration somewhere, no matter what.
Not sure how much creative freedom these devs have but id rather they keep innovating on old ideas rather make games that will sell. Theyre gonna hit gold eventually
thanks I'm depressed now
Ever listened to the song Lola by The Kinks? Great song, but the song was banned from BBC because in the original song the lyrics in the chorus clearly stated "coca cola". So they remade the lyrics strictly for the UK. Such a crazy bit of culture history.
if it exsists...it is dark souls inspired
Ah yes, this habit is 3rd in the list of "critics just literally cannot help themselves every time" beaten only by "pun extracted from synopsis material" and "metaphor of criticism extracted from synopsis material."
It's like poetry, it rhymes
Truly inspiring how dark souls was the first game ever created
Originality in video game reviewers
I just want a Sly Cooper 5 :/
Dunkey doesn’t need to say much to get his point across
This video is so unoriginal. He only talks once. He just uses others' content for the rest of it. In that way, it's a bit like Gex
my takeaway from this: Dark Souls and BOTW are the two most influential games of the decade
this comment is heavily inspired by every other comment on this video...
Good luck creating any piece of art in the XXI century that isn't influenced by something that came before, even if unintentionally, and is 100% unique.
The problem is that game "journalists" have played a total of 5 games each. This game I'm reviewing allows me to modify the environment in some way? Must be minecraft. This game has platforming? Must be mario. This game has shooting in it? Call of duty. This game has puzzles? Legend of zelda. Whoah! you can die in this game? Total dark souls knockoff.
More like Originality in Video Games Journalism
Why are drunkies more serious videos always so cringe lmao. Games will always steal from others big brain
This got some funny in it
Woah
So from the way I'm seeing it, the only original videogames to ever exist are Devil may cry, Zelda breath of the wild, Dark Souls, and Tony Hawk's Pro Skater.
This is why I don’t listen to ANY of these review shows from any self-proclaimed game journalism company. Aside from them all sounding like awkward neckbeards, they all talk the same nothing, empty phrases that are placeholders for actual criticism.
it do be like dark souls sometimes
Dunkey you should do a Granny video
Death stranding be like 🙂
reeeeeeeeeeeeeee
I mean, let be real. Comparing a game to a similar title a lot of people already played is the best way to let them get a feel for the game, without actually playing it
Originality isn't profitable.
I kept waiting for the video to actually start
This video is clearly inspired by Crowbcat
SSX is a perfect marriage of Coolboarders and that Skateboard level in Spyro 3.
Why would I buy any of these games when I could just buy Dark Souls.
Play Gothic 1 and live your life to the fullest.
Thank you Dark Souls, for inventing video games
I have no idea what this video is criticising
53k likes in 2 hours.... god damn bro u a millionaire fr
The video formatting reminds me of how The Daily Show would string together numerous segments of the major news networks to make a point about repeated messaging.  In short, it has a little something from everyone.
Yeah? Well every FPS is ripping off Doom
Someone had to say it...
I wish people still made video games
these 3 minutes were like infinity, time has never dragged on for so long ...
Any video that clowns on game journalists is a video I like.
Is it that games aren't original or is it that game reviewers themselves aren't original? Their descriptions told me absolutely NOTHING. "THIS FIRST PERSON SHOOTER WITH TIME LOOP ELEMENTS IS SO SIMILAR TO DARK SOULS" wut?
DUNKEY!! I was literally just talking about how IGN’ s vocabulary is limited to Zelda, dark souls, Ghibli and Pixar. Then your video popped up. Thank you
dunk, I truly commend your commitment to what you do. this is a great video and commentary of the games industry
Dark souls 3 has taken some inspiration from dark souls 2, which you could argue is a rip off of dark souls 1.
This video is a little bit like Dark souls
It's all Pong
Takes inspiration from our favorite game League of Legends
I think that when the journalists are making comparisons to the game, they're trying to give the audience an idea of what the game is going to "feel like." Every game I've heard of being described as the "dark souls of _______" has just meant its difficult and the game in actuality is vastly different. People used dark souls to describe Cup Head when it was being released.
"Let it Die" Ironic.
And Suddenly, the strand-type comment made sense
Gliding + Stamina = Basically BotW
Thanks for the awesome content Shlunkley.
Every game in the history of forever is just a pong clone🤦‍♂️
You say you want original game, but wasn't it you who said Banjo Kazooie Nuts and Bolts was bad game. You hypocrite.
Honestly think this better describes a lack of original journalistic writing, not necessarily these games
Dark souls takes a lot from Zelda’s exploration, with some combat of Devil May Cry and Bayonetta, the Challenge of Crash Bandicoot, which Crash was originally inspired by Sonic the Hedgehog, which Sonic was inspired by Super Mario Bros, which originated on the Nintendo Entertainment system, which drew inspiration from the Atari 2600, where that device took the home console inspired by Pong, which took its idea from Physicist William Higinbotham, whom had drawn from the origins of the enigma machine, which was taken from the work of Charles Babbage, whom thought similar to that of Sir Issac Newton, which physics is a derivation of mathematics displayed by Greeks and Egyptians, whom they were inspired by the thinking of Cavemen, who were evolved forms of mammals all the way back in the Cretaceous period, the time after the dinosaurs reigned the earth, which had grown from the life that was in the sea, who were made from archae bacteria, that had seen from chemical reactions and a possible collision of a meteor, that which was born from some far distant galaxy, which galaxies are really parts of a universe, that which was inspired by a Big Bang billions of years ago.
this video isn't very original
This video took a lot of influence from dark souls
I don't mind it most of the time when games are referred to as being like another title if there is clear similarity's like in the case of say breath and Genshin Impact but there are some cases that I feel it goes over the top. The example I always use is that time a reviewer compared spyro 3's boss from the remake to dark souls despite spyro 3 being nothing like dark souls and it being a remake of a game that was out years before souls was.
*hold gun to Game journalist head* Create a review without using a simile   *Game journalist* starts shitting pants while imploding*
This man really said one line in his video yet it was still good af 😂
Isn't Dark Souls based on Ninja Gaiden?
This video is original and I want nobody to copy this style.
When is Dunkey gonna start talking?
you need to make a video about the video game : Hollow Knight I would love it and you would too! :)
When a game is hard, it means it was inspired by Dark Souls.
Another quality video from CrowBCat
It's a mix of cool borders and dishonored
What was that first game?
So basically there's nothing original.
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of gaming.
Nothing new here...
Alternative title: how to be a game journalist
And yet not one strand type game
Pong: It's like a combination of Ping Pong and television. Pong is essentially a Tennis For Two clone, except people can actually play it. Pong was made by the same guys that made Computer Space, a Spacewar clone. If you're not familiar with Spacewar, it's that game loosely based on the Lensman novels that isn't a licensed game because the idea of licensing other IP to make video games hadn't been invented yet.   Now if you want an *original* game, you need to check out Zork. Zork started as a clone of Colossal Cave Adventure, which had a layout copied from an actual real life cave... Okay maybe that's a bad example.  Let's see... Pacman? Yes, Pacman! Totally original! Except Pacman is actually just a reskinned Rally-X.  Space Invaders? Literally just Breakout with guns instead of a ball.   Phantasy Star... No, I mean Final Fantasy... No, I mean Dragon Quest... No, I mean Wizardry... No, I mean Ultima... No, I mean dozens of obscure mainframe games loosely based on 1970s Dungeons & Dragons... No, I mean actual original Dungeons & Dragons supplement for Chainmail... No, I mean Tolkein and Vance and Moorcock... No, I mean thousands of years of legends and folklore and board games...  Never mind. There's no such thing as an original video game idea.
It's more of a lack of originality from reviewers.
You know we hit the peak of originality when there's an actual game genre called "Metroidvania"
Originality in game reviews
holy shit. game critics are fucking stupid.
For real watching this clip. I'm even more impressed the internet caught that dude from IGN plagiarizing. All the shit sounds the same across the board from games media. 🤣
So is it really a lack of creativity in game development, or is it more a lack of creativity in game reviewing?
I'm not sure if there are multiple underlying themes (i.e. gaming journalists are a joke) but as a content creator I'd think dunkey at least understands how silly it is to critique content inspired by other content regardless of quality. Generally people would enjoy the same formula twice and especially if the second is better executed. Critique the quality not lack of creativity, sometimes you already have a base to work off of.
Accept the fact that nothing you ever create is truly original. All our ideas and creations are inspired by countless different sources and inspirations around us every day. We are just recycling other ideas and concepts in our own way.  That makes our creations unique in their makeup, but not truly original.
Games are so unoriginal even the journalists are unoriginal
Every game is Zelda now
'It really makes you feel like Dark Souls!'
Just say it’s like zelda
I just want a game like Mount & Blade, but singleplayer. None of these multiplayer matches with Tom Bombadil's running around in their knickers with a two-hander and hopping about like a rabbit. None of that Total War or 4x strategy. I want to be in the action with my troops, ordering my troops while I try to shield myself from volleys of arrows and knights with lances.  Is that too much to ask? I feel Mount & Blade series has stood alone in the singleplayer sphere.
And yet Dunkey criticizes Death Stranding despite being the first Strand-type game?🤔
Why have original idea when I can combine two existing games with a slot machine and rake in that sweet mtx money?
This video was definitely inspired by The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
darks souls was, is, and will be a shit game...
i wonder if there even were any video games before dark souls
Dark Souls was the first game ever created.
Play dark souls, devil may cry , and zelda and you play them all
Actually not a fan of this video. Whether it’s movies, games, or books, people use comparisons as short hand all the time, particularly when it comes to recommendations. It is perfectly normal for someone to say “oh if you like Ray Bradbury then you might like the imagery of this book” etc etc. Game reviews are typically trying to give consumers a sense of whether a game suits their interest and comparisons are an easy way to do that. Can it be lazy? Sometimes Yeah. Can it be helpful? Sometimes Yes.   I really don’t like this approach of clipping people’s work out of context. It’s just not respectful and often isn’t representative of someone’s perspective. It’s lazy. Get why Dunky might get frustrated by this pattern but I just think it’s a perfectly fine and normal thing that’s use is more or less helpful depending on the context.  PLUS sometimes it’s just true video games are drawing ideas from one another like any other piece of media. Intertextuality is just a fact of culture
So you’re telling me valorant is just Dark souls?
This is the dark souls of videos
Man, remember when there were just games that had a roll mechanic, a block and a variety of attacks? Yeah me neither, they all took idea from Dark Souls.
Everything is inspired by Knack, even Knack 2 (this might be surprising).
Originally is just undiscovered plagiarism.
Crowbcat? Is that you?
Dunkey actually is inspired on the first Dark Souls, after all, his name starts with a D
What’s the problem here? Games always take inspiration from each other just like any other art form
This is why I only play old games. They're finished. Not a half-baked mish-mash of mixed mashed potatoes.
I don't think these people have played dark souls before
So basically every game is either Breath of the Wild or Dark Souls?
I get this is a joke, but it's incredibly difficult to make a game WITHOUT influence. There's little that hasn't already been thought of... But as you show in the video, recombinations in better presentations create a new game with a thrilling experience similar to what we loved many years ago.
This video takes inspiration from a previous dunkey video where a bunch of first person shooters were all lumped together.
But Dunkey, this is present in all forms of art. You always have the innovators, the classics, the groundbreaking stuff that influences whole generations and starts movements inside the medium. You could say that Metallica invented thrash metal, but they were influenced by Motorhead who where influenced by some punk band who were influenced by the Beatles who were influenced by traditional blues etc. All art forms are a bunch of stolen ideas thrown together, I think it's in the execution where you must shine above the rest.
Oh yay another opinion by the dunk. Lets see how far I watch until I hate it.
Clearly the soup type genre is an original game
So basically everyone is just ripping of knack
All of these games take heavy inspiration from Bookworm Adventures Deluxe
This video is like
Man this really is the dark souls of videos
Still, there's only one strand-type game. Dark Souls.
This is genius.
The new Resident Evil IX Escape from Miramax clearly owns its style of horror to the Assassin's Creed and Madden franchises
morale of this video? Play games they were citing
Yeah, I still remember when everyone called top down Adventure/RPGs 'kind of like Zelda A Link to the Past'  Because idiots can't use genre to describe a game and need a trendy comparison instead.  Reviewers are stuck to doing it because of the audience.
Thank you Dunkey. Truly, thank you.
When reviewers lay it out this way though, it makes it very easy to say "Well I like those games that this game is similar to, so I might like this one." Saying a game is truly unique and has no meaningful comparison to anything before means that I'm going into it blind. If the description sounds good I'll jump on-board, but if the gameplay starts to feel like a game-type I'm not interested in then I'd be pissed off that the comparison wasn't made before.
This is truly the Dark Souls of YouTube videos
I ask, 'cause I'm not sure Do anybody make real sht anymore?
everything is Dark Souls or Breath of the Wild  except ELDEN RING which is Dark Souls AND Breathe of the Wild!
No one tries to copy GTA because that genre is entirely theirs
Its confirmed, all games are Dark souls
Dark Souls was the first game
Originality for the win fam
I'd be remiss to not mention that this is also how you pitch your game/fiction writing to publishers- if you don't have comp titles, it's really hard to get funding and the attention you need to get your product and fanbase off the ground.
Everyone know that every game is inspired by pac man, the first game-type game of its kind
thank you video game DUNKEY for this VIDEO
I gotta say though, I think we are at point where it's not possible to make a game that's not remotely similar to another. Any fps game = kind of like doom. Any 3rd person action game = kind of like dark souls or dmc. Etc.
This game is hard! Damn you Dark Souls!!!
Is amazing how many voices Dunkey can do!!!!!!!!!1111
Can you follow a modern game review and chain it all the way back to pong
1920s IGN Reviewers: "Hoop and Stick(c) is a game that combines the fast-paced action of titles like Hoop(c) with the paired-back simplicity of releases like Stick (c)."  "Fans could be forgiven for thinking that Get the Ball in the Cup (C) is simply a re-tread of past releases such as Get the Ball (C) or  Put Something in the Cup (C), but they'd be wrong."
Anglos cannot review games for shit, games should be fun, Anglos only care about what it copied from.
helle can we defund game reviewers
im cringe
This really makes me feel like the industry is just a whore with her legs open.
"cruelty squad is like taking lsd while playing dishonered" ign i think
I see Dunkey has been working on his impressions. Very good
Time to go play pong the only original videogame
This is the crowbcat of dunkey
Honestly, while it's not necessarily wrong to see comparisons in games, the whole 'this game is basically this game but with a twist' critique really kinda disrespects the game being criticized. It especially gets messy when you go "This game is like Bayonetta' and then you look at the reviews for Bayonetta and it has lines like 'Bayonetta is like Dark Souls but faster' then you see the reviews for Dark Souls and it has a line that goes 'Dark Souls is like the Legend Of Zelda: Twilight Princess but much harder'. It's just an unending, hellish spiral.
Ookay, dunk. I've been loving every single vid of yours since you've started this channel, but THIS video is the one video I don't fully agree with.  I get what you're trying to emphasize on the video, but I also see some of key issues with your argument. First, your complaints around the lack of originality doesn’t make sense to me. For example, if you take your argument on originality and put it in contexts of art or music, it simply doesn’t make sense. No medium can be completely original, and that’s not necessarily a bad thing. “Non-original” things can still inspire and help create amazing new experiences. So how is video game different from this concept? How can video games be completely unique from its predecessors? I feel like the main objective of new games is to progress from past gaming experiences, and that will inherently mean that new games will have inspirations from previous games and innovations. And to add on, your complaint might be more around the actual execution from these game studios that may have the right set of influences from previous games but screwed up on making a cool new experience. But at that point, I feel like it deviates a bit from your argument on the originality of the game but rather about the technicalities  And your collection of clips on game comparisons being “elevator pitches”— they’re exactly that. They’re general marketing comparisons that are made to draw appeal to the mass audience. So when a game review video adds these “like Zelda” comparisons, I feel like the main intention there is to sell and simplify, not to make an actual astute commentary on the game. At the end of the day, the game needs to sell for them to make more (possibly more “original”) games. So I feel like the beef you have with this aspect of the originality thing may root more from the game reviewers who actually make these comparisons rather than the actual games. I’m honestly not sure.
I guess it doesn’t quite count since it was a text review, but I’m surprised there was no mention at all of the GamesRadar review comparing Crash N. Sane Trilogy to Dark Souls, as if Dark Souls came out before the original Crash games.
I think you missed the mark with this one.
Not one strand type game smh
Gaming journalist are the problem
Me in the first minute: wait where's dunkey
Come on now.... Its pretty clear this games they mention take inspiration from the game Pong
These are my favorite vids you make. Where you don't even have to say anything, it all just speaks for itself.
Most unique game I know is probably For Honor, there's no fighting game with combat anywhere close to that. (That I know of...)
Knack 2 is the only true original game
Me: Walks to the store   Gaming Analyst:   *As you can see this was heavily inspired by Zelda: Breath of the Wild.*
when will dunkey not make fun of ign?
These are always my favorite videos. Reviewers being predictable.
as long as its a fun time and enjoyable experience i dont care what its a copy of <3
I strongly disagree that comparing games like this is a bad thing. When I'm looking up a game, I want to know, quickly, if it's something I would like. Knowing the similarities of games and mechanics is a great way to get that information easily and quickly.
I love that Dunkey can roast the entire industry without saying a word.
2:24 man, this game is ugly
Dark souls was actually the first strand type game contrary to popular belief.
major drama on this one
Holy chum bucket I guess Id better play fuckin Darksouls.
This journalist's writing is a little bit like Marks from IGN and a bit of Tina's from Polygon with their inspirations towards calling games all similar to something else.
And ppl still think Witcher 3 was game of the decade (2010-2019) over dark souls kekw
OK but Genshin is factually shitty BotW with expensive waifus, it's not even subtle about it. The rest are just reviewers being lazy.
Dark souls 2 best souls
Hard = dark souls  Character action game= devil may cry/god of war  Dungeon crawler/ exploration = Zelda
This video really combines the comedy stylings of JonTron and the gaming channels of an IGN or Gamespot
now a video where you follow the references until you get to tetris or pong
video game reviewer job requirements: -has played dark souls once
Nice I've got 3 minutes to the Nintendo direct
Dunkey draws heavy inspiration from popular YouTubers like Martiplier and Game Chumps
thank you dark souls for being the first game. yeah.
Yes the yearly shit on game reviewer video I love these ones
This video is like dark souls mixed with dark souls but without the annoying elements of dark souls. Combine that with the puzzle elements of dark souls and combat reminiscent of dark souls and you have one for the books. 6/10
This video is a combination of Dark Souls and Superman 64
At the end of the day super Mario brothers two is the only original game.
originality in video game reviews
this video is kinda like playing dark souls
Here comes the checkmarks
He tries
Not sure what hes going for with this video. I think most of these examples are apt comparisons to the games mentioned.
I was so hoping that video would end on this type of lazy description being applied to _Dark Souls_ itself even though these reviews tend to act like it's the progenitor. Oh well.
This video is a lot like Hollow Knight
No one can do it quite like Knack tho
Heaven forbid a video game has influences.
This is just a crowbcat video
IGN’s review of the stress test of Age of Empires 4 all boils down to:  “It isn’t Total War”   Aaaand, badabing badaboom just like that we have a review ladies and gentlemen
Not like Knack, there's nothing like Knack
well well well... I don't see ANY clothes on that poor bird, I think this video will be tagged NUDITY content!
Thank you for your contribution to society, game journalists.  Your mental health is our top concern.
Indie games these days are like netflix   lets do the same thing, but make a black girl with an afro the hero instead
Sekiro?
To be honest they do be barrowing from pong
Dunkey just never misses honestly. These video game journos are so annoying and are being quickly replaced with youtubers (angryjoe, dunkey, cr1tikal, vulkan, etc etc) and for good reason.
This video was pretty good......like a mix between dark souls and breathe of the wild.
Any game you die in is reminiscent of Dark Souls
Every RPG game is ZELDA
So... Video game market is oversaturated? Wow, that's new and hot take.
is this meant to imply there's something wrong or lazy about reviewing a video game using comparisons to other video games? Comparing a game to another game is the most effective way to convey what the game is like without actually playing it. It's just the low hanging fruit. Why wouldn't you do it?
I think a decent reason for the popularity of such comparisons is because of how prolific  it is when a screenwriter gives their "elevator pitch" for a film to an agent or director.
It's funny hearing every hard game being compared to Dark Souls
I think you might be getting old dunk. ill put on my expert youtube comments phycology hat. See. we all love games when we are children and teens/young adults because everything feels new and were still at that age where we actively look for the fun of everything. now you have tons of experience and can't really capture that feeling again, even if they made the perfect game. its like drugs, you're chasing that original high you got from the first time. It's just not possible. also, you made it as a youtuber. so its part of your job to play games which can suck some of the fun out of it. since you dont have to work a typical job and your job involves playing games you probably play quite a bit more than a regular person. ofc your feeling burned out on it. games havn't changed man, you have. I will admit that back in like the 8-64 bit era there were more random games because they were a lot more simple to make but, games haven't been random shit like that in a long ass time and there deff still are original games. just because you can compare a game to another game in some aspect does not make it unoriginal. you can do it with any game. i dunno why i took this so seriously and made a serious reply. love you dunk, just play among us until you get your groove for vidya games back
And video games were inspired from real games
It's okay to describe a game by just comparing it to another game if you are like talking to a friend, it's fucking idiotic to use in actual industry talk, like how is souls-like an official steam genre, and omg it's so weird to put that tag on a literal Dark Souls game. Dark Souls 3 isn't like Dark Souls, it IS DARK SOULS.
*Throughs out Metroidvania style game* "Ah their gonna compare this one Metroid or Castlevania" "Heavily inspired by dark souls" >:[ wut! What the fuck!
You'll notice in Mario Odyssey, they shamelessly borrow ideas from games such as Mario 64, Mario Sunshine, and it even has a combat system similar to Mario's Early Years: Fun with Numbers!
This game inspired heavily by Dark Souls and Dog Football
This is why i dont play any games but old open source fps games
Dunkey baby talk about that game for honors originality? even tho it’s made by goobisoft
Yeah I agree, everyone is just ripping off Zelda. It’s gross
i thought it was going to stop but it kept going
Gran Turismo 2 is just like Breath Of The Wild
I don’t play games to know what other games they are like, I play games to know what sets a game apart from the rest.
I think It was Lyle Wrath who said "hope is dead and you are not lucky enough to be" and that's what i feel in my dark souls
Remember when all the reviewers hated dark souls?
Play King's Field Ancient City
Every game has a little something from everything
I mean to be fair, one of the easiest ways to sell a game is to compare it to another one so people who like that game look into it.
The Gang learns genres exist
What's the game at :28 seconds? There's a goth girl holding a D20 on her back or something.
every single game at the end of the day is either Dark Souls, Devil May Cry, or Breath of the Wild
They’re all inspired by berserk
I hate game journos so much
I think I played this game before
Let’s be honest here, they all clearly took inspiration from *Pong*
This is just proof we need more strand type games
I get it, but on the other side of that coin, try making your own original game.
"Sounds like a Hades knock off"  Meanwhile, Baldurs gate.
Forza Horizon 5 is looking like such a Dark Souls ripoff, 0/5.
Really I think most games these days elevator pitchs go something like this: Pong but with sprinting
Peak content!
Dunko wtf do you want a future without smilies and metaphors? No reviews if they mention something is like something from another game? Bruh
Comparisons can be useful but you need to actually use your brain to describe the game and why it may (or may not) be fun.
Dubkey cmon you have to give em credit. They were developing the game blindfolded, with no hands, on the wii balance board, and it was their little brother, and it was lagging, and ...
It’s kinda crazy to think that Dark Souls is so good that this whole “Reminds me a lot of _” basically all started from it.
Ah yes, Hades. The first roguelike.
Alternate title: Dunkey puts what we're all thinking into fucking words.  Seriously, These journalists can't even formulate an original thought and have to just be like "Hey it's like this"
It kinda reminds me of that other game where you press buttons on your controller to do stuff....
The first strand type game
This felt way longer than 3 minutes, as I was nodding along to every edit.
Dunkey truly is the Gex of Dark Souls comparisons
They really said that Chicory: A Colorful Tale is like Zelda. To INSULT the great name of Chicory with an analogy so shitty.
It's hard not to start noticing similarities between Mario Tennis 64 and the classic, Pong
Say such as and like one more time. I double dare you
journalism is a literal fucking joke LMAO
these games may take inspiration from dark souls, but can any of them really make me FEEL like John Dark Soul?
you are nitpicking and biased
What? This video sucked.
This is a symptom of the game industry's awful habit of using mechanics instead of feeling and concept to define genres. You don't call all sci-fi horror movies "Alien-likes" or all epic fantasy "Rings-like", you can have genre-defining entertainment without LITERALLY using it as a nickname for the genre. A lot of game genre also just has terribly vague definitions, like "RPG" or "MOBA". Game industry really needs to set up a better system for describing games, and honestly, I also hope Devs invent some new types of combat instead of copying Dark Souls, I'm never buying any game with dodge-rolls again, I'm tired of the same shit.
I can see the devs took a lot of inspiration from pong, maybe even a little bit of tetris in the way the scoring system works
As much as Dunkey likes to hate on Death Stranding, there really aren't many games you can say are like Death Stranding.
not to mention all the League of Legends ripoffs
In Game Critics, Dunkey said that because critics were playing the most recent games constantly, their opinions were mostly based on these new games and I think that this video is an illustration of that idea.
I'm wrapping up a game dev degree, cuz i was set down a marketing path and that was boring as fuck. but this is actually just how i've experienced indie dev cycles. hardly anyone seems to be able to come up with or discuss gameplay elements or design concepts without describing it in terms of games that have come before (probably because evoking other games is the only way management and investors can be given a baseline as to how potentially profitable your idea is). it gets to the point where even if you have an idea for a mechanic or design concept that isn't easily reminiscent of other designs and concepts, you still have to find a way to shoehorn the concept into analogies of other games. do you have any idea how many times i've been involved with a design process that had every single element tied to some element of overwatches design?! i've been involved with creating RACING games that somehow need inspiration from doomfist's heavy attacks
This is like the viva pinata of game journalism
game "journalism"
I like how Dunkey can make a 3 minute video of random game reviews spliced together and still have a very clear and cohesive message lol
"This is like DarkSouls at Micheal Caine's house!"  -Gex
I don't like it.
Wow, games of the same genre are similar. Wow.
This was giving me anxiety listening to 😂
Ever game takes something from some other game, and that game took things from some other game and so on and so on and so on… get over it.
What? No light souls?
The only true innovation in gaming right now is in the VR world, still so much untapped potential there
"dark souls plays similar to a beloved game of Dark Souls."
This was painful to watch.
All games nowadays borrow heavily from Hatris. That's the issue, they are all derivative to Hatris that they will always be derivative to each other, and Hatris won't get its due as it's been watered down.
if u look really closely u would feel that your life is probably inspired by dark souls as well
Legends of Zeldas: Elevator Pitch: Dark Souls Edition
Fans of James Stephanie's Sterling's "Should Metroidvania be abolished" should enjoy videogamedunkey's comedic take on the subject.
Yet something original like death stranding get shit for being bold and original.
This video really made me feel confused.
Every game after Super Mario Bros. 2 is just a knockoff lets be real
I really hope video game journalists/critics/commentators watch Dunkey’s videos likes this and say “God damnit he got me again”
How to critic video game "its the Dark Souls of ..." Nice!
They all took inspiration from pong
Can't just make a fun game anymore. Can they review a game without mentioning another game?
Aren't they all inspired by Pong?
'If you can't figure out how to make a compelling argument for a new game being good then just rattle off popular titles like the ingredients of a recipe.' Page 1 of the pseudo-reviewer manual  There is no page 2.
How long before this one is flagged for something dumb?
I mean all these game are clearly inspired by Pong
The scary part isn't that these bottom feeders all went to the same marketing school. The scary part is that a LOT of people only work their understanding of the world this way. Myself included.
It’s not the devs fault, it’s the reviewers faults. They are lazy in their descriptions
The myth of creativity is a disease. With that around, it's a miracle new things are created at all.
I like how this is a criticism of critics saying 2 contradicting things, but it's also criticizing the gaming industry itself for allowing every game to feel like every other game
"No idea is original, there's nothing new under the sun, it's never what you do, but how it's done" - Nas If someone doesn't accept this fact, then their argument has no ground.
im not even sure if this shitpost is making fun of video game journalism or video games themselves anymore
This took way too long, I can imagine.
Dont you just love when capitalism ruins an art form. Amazing.
Couldn't help but notice that not a single one of these games could be compared to Knack. Just sayin'.
It really makes you feel like dark souls
wake me up when they make a new strand type game
When I played Call of duty Vanguard it's clearly inspired by Bubsy 3D.
You could say, it has a little something for everyone
the 83s game crash is comming back
Death stranding directors cut is the first director strand type game
Guess what Dark Souls copied? Monster Hunter and Berserk.
K N A C K B A B Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y Y
This video borrows heavily from Crowbcat.
Damn i listened to these 3 mins and was already tired of it i understand the need to bring some sort of comparison to a more known franchise so it rings easier with the ppl watching those review but jeez
The elevator pitch for this video was Dunkey no talk and copy Crowbcat
It seems like original game play happens more w steam games where people have an idea then learn to execute the idea. These spin off homage games prob come from a business model for console games where an employed developer has to make content for the sake of making content so they take a more business mindset approach to design. Same thing happens w engineering startups vs big engineering firms imo
When dunkey said 1 sentence the whole video. that's how easy it was to get his point across lol
Okay, is that a problem with video games being unoriginal, or is it a problem with games reviewers being lazy dipshits who can't describe games without referencing popular franchises?
I say this all the time about making music. Nothing exists in a void. You don't have to entirely invent music as a concept yourself to make something impactful. You can borrow and steal whatever you need, everyone else in every other field has done it forever. Thing are built on the shoulder of existing things and that's ok
The Legend of Zelda for the NES is a new game from Nintendo that clearly took inspiration from the game "Adventure" from Atari The cycle never ends...
Dunkey making fun of gaming journalists is slowly becoming a tradition
And that's what makes Knack special: no one dares to make a knock off.
There’s never been a game like it… *It’s like Dark Souls meets breath of the wild.*
The real dark souls were the dark souls we made along the dark soul
Unoriginality in gaming journalism
Every game is the same Unreal Engine video game now
“This platformer mixes aspects of Hollow Knight and-“
All games were inspired by Pong.
They are all insipred by pong :O
If the game fights enemies, it is dark souls. If the game in open world, it is breath of the wild
It all connects to Zelda
lol we live in hell
So basically we’ve all been playing Pong for the last couple decades huh
this is like a luau at mel blanc's house
It really makes you feel like Dark Souls
It has a little something for everyone
You gotta give death stranding credits for trying something new
“Zelda inspired” genshin impact. I’m sorry you meant Zelda cut and pasted?
It really makes you FEEL like it was inspired by dark souls
This video is clearly inspired by the one where dunkey beat sky at smash
What if the Souls series and Breath of the Wild didn't exist? Game reviewers would just curl up in a ball next to their empty Word document and cry.
Doom eternal is the only original game
Time to play a real videogame that had nothing to influence it: Pong.
Donkey got an editor, intestine development
The Zelda games are that good that they inspire the whole industry, go figure.
The actual title is "Originality in Video Game Critics"
Crowbacat
At first I thought this was a swagger XD
“Good artists copy, great artists steal.”  - Mahatma Gandhi... or Pablo Picasso, whichever you prefer
Truly the first Book Worm Adventure deluxe type game
Where are the strand type games?
I love when they said 2d action platform games borrowed from Darksouls... Never did they play Castlevania ? Metroid ? The games Darksouls borrowed from.
Only original game? Spyparty. Oh wait, it has taken inspiration from Guess Who.
Basically Third-person, has sword = Darksouls.. scratch that. Cant play game with eyes closed + sword = Darksouls
This game takes some heavy inspiration from a game cave men used to play, using sticks and their own bodily fluids
Point made sir.
The industry is creatively stagnant
“Taking clear inspiration from Stand-type games.”
so basically, every game is zelda, dark souls, or DMC.
How does he come up with the ideas for his videos lmao
This game really makes you feel like you're playing another game
I'm sorry your species more easily understands new things by referencing old things. Please consider updating the human genome and the problem will solve itself
Me: It's all just Dark Souls? Dunkey with a gun to my head: Always has been...
You know this is kinda sad, gaming journalists will cry tears of joy for a action rpg
Knack is the only original game, every other game is just a copy
According to these people’s ideas combined, every game in existence is just asteroids and pac man.
Nothing wrong with that in my opinion as long as the game is fun
You know those games that you like? This game is like all of them combined! Pre-order now!
Thank you Dark Souls
There's nothing quite like this game, except all these games.
IGN - "It's pretty much Dark Souls"
cant even aruge genshin. The whole openworld part they choose is practically copy pasted breath of the wild. Just saying i for real felt that when mans said "cause zelda just made that part of very game now"
"this game is basically just dark souls"
This video is very strand like, dunk definitely took inspiration from Hideo Kojima for this one
This shit slaps mega ayasss
Lol dunky Why cant u be more original??? Dark souls Already did this one Kid.
devil dark breath may cry souls
I liked Dark Souls better when it was called Home Alone 2: Lost in New York.
Sometimes I wake up in the morning and just thank dark souls.
nothing is original, every story has been told, every song has been sung.
This really makes me FEEL like dark souls.
3 minutes of making me lose hope for gaming
*_So the elevator pitch for videogamedunkey is basically, think Moist Meter, but done by a black guy._*
This video makes me really feel like Dark Souls
This video gave me cancer. Thank you Dunkey, very cool!
checked dunkey's castle. Loved the pricing. Anything linked on youtube or instagram I've checked starts at $50 unlike that sick hoodie
I feel like I wish more games would copy FTL. I'd love more FTL.
Hey Dunkey, sorry, but I did not get the point you were trying to make.  Is it that we tend to compare games that should be judged separately, on their own ? Okay, but "journalists" just want to give an idea of some gameplay aspects, some key features. Example : Genshin Impact. You can't really skip talking about Zelda Breath of the Wild when examining Genshin Impact.    Every creation comes from somewhere, imitating things you know and then taking liberties. Even genres are a reflection of it, with names like Roguelike, Soulslike.   So yep sorry, did not catch what you are screaming with this video. But I think it has to do with a bad work from "journalists" around presenting games. If I am right : dude, why are you watching or listening them ?  Their work is harsh sure, but anyone with a computer can make a video about the new game that just came out. Everytime, it is just the thoughts and opinion of 1 person. You don't need to listen to this to make you judgement, take bigger numbers, or just try on your own.  IE : Let them talk, ignore them, and make you own opinion. Because a game is not math, it resonates with you or it does not, and that's personal.   Love your work, bye !
lol
was more jarring is how batshit left field some of the comparisons are lol. Like some of them I get and then others its like "hmmm it has a sword... must be Zelda/sekiro inspired"
So, you see, Super Mario Bros 2 takes inspiration from Super Mario Bros 1. While it may seem like a stark contrast at first...
“Originality in Video Game Journalism.”
More shooters and RPGs should try using the Pong engine
honestly, they all look like frogger 2: frogger's adventure
I feel like the point being made with this video is either talking about games and being incredibly disingenuous at that, or talking about game 'journalists' and reviewers and doesnt need a voiceover because these idiots make themselves sound like idiots
The thing they forgot to mention is that Death Standing is the first strand type game
I don't really understand the point of this video. Is it to clown on game reviewers for comparing video games to other video games? Because I think it's totally valid and helpful to reference mechanics/aspects of other games to give a point of reference to someone interested in buying the game. If the point is to draw attention to unoriginality in video games as a whole, I agree some games suffer from being unoriginal but like, in order for a game to not be comparable to any other game, it has to essentially invent an entirely new genre, which is an unnecessary, and flat out impossible thing to ask of most games.
Game is easy?  Zelda clone   Game made the reviewer see a Game Over screen?  Dark Souls. All of them. Especially Animal Crossing.
Pong looking down as the great great great great great great grand daddy of them all
I took this more as a critique on critics who say every game is a callback to something else, more than an a critique on games being unoriginal.  It almost comes off like they’re trying to mention as many other games as possible, either as a challenge or because it might help SEO.
This video obviously takes inspiration from dark souls, it's so obvious
little unknown fact: Death stranding was inspired by the first strand type game,, Super Mario
this is just like dark souls
This is why I avoid elevators
I think Kojima had the right idea with the strand-type games
inspired by metal gear
It’s one part bad writing on the journalist side, like find a better way to describe a game. But tropes and general design choices come around all the time. Devil May Cry, Dark Souls, Breath Of The Wild, they all introduced design choices and a style for the genre and those avenues are gonna be re-explored a lot cuz they work and it’s safe to use what works. It’s a large collective ladder of good design that grows with experimentation, if every aspect of every game was different and new not only would it take forever to make a game but the majority of them would either suck or just be unplayable, but a lil experimentation is real good
Reminds me of when the Act Man said “Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls.”
The best part of this video is the comments
Oh wow this game has CHARACTERS, that is clearly inspired by Boss Baby.
It has a little something for everyone.
Says 4 words, still better then whatever...
Happy 10 birthday to Dark Souls am I right
PC gaming really stole console gaming's stuff with the whole "pressing buttons" thing.   In fact, it can be traced back to 24000BC when CaveBot Knack first pushed a round pebble into some wet clay, which forced some rancid bubbles out through the surface of the clay with a fart noise. All sources indicate that CaveBot Knack  laughed at this for 26013 years straight, after which he exclaimed "I like that!" in an almost patronisingly obvious tone. This led directly to Knack inventing the modern button, and Knack for PS5 was released the very next day thanks to his incredibly detailed work. Thanks Knack!!
I feel like the reviews in the beginning are more an indication of the reviewer's lack of creativity than the games themselves
So stupid when people use games to define pre-existing genres. Roguelike and metroidvania make sense cause before those games, there really wasn’t much like them and they literally defined new genres. Even then, rogue was just a dungeon crawler with perma death. Metroid and castlevania are just action rpg’s that revolves around collecting power ups. Nobody cares that “oh well this game is actually dark souls” because dark souls is actually the legend of Zelda mixed with bubsy 3d.
It's all pong
This video is kinda like crowbcats videos
as we all know, hades was the first roguelike.
I bet you could do this starting from a modern game and get all the way back to Pong
This video game really makes you feel like you're playing a video game.
Gaming journalists would go bankrupt a long time ago if Dark Souls had never released
It's like knack 2 with super mario bros 2
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of the Soulsborne community which is heavily inspired by Soulslike games
That’s just nitpicking and biased
watching this depleted my climbing stamina bar
That is nothing like any of those lol 2:19
Wait till they find out that Dark Souls was just a lazilly named Demon's Souls clone
Originality is when it's only a little like Dark Souls.
we do not need more games just stop making them sincerely, gamers
nothing is original, accept it and make what you want to make.
Dark souls with guns turned out to be a great game just saying
So the big takeaway is that Zelda, Dark Souls, and Devil May Cry are the only original games ever.
Same with movies these days
i like how it is not clear whether the industry became unoriginal or journalists became lazy and unprofessional or both
If it doesn't have the souls word, it's probably Tetris... Or mario kart
At least we have Death Standing, which was the first Stand type game
All I heard was zelda, devil may cry, dark souls, anime, and bayonetta
Super Mario 64 is the Dark Souls of video games
Earlier today I was actually talking about how there really haven't been that many great unique games in quite a while, i guess this is why
Now is Dark Souls inspired by Zelda or the other way around? Or do they loop?
Only 2 types of games now. Dark souls-like games and zelda-like games
Suicide squade
i swear to god I can't go a single day without hearing a game is similar to dark souls
This is like a crowbcat video
And as you can see this video has taken inspiration from legend of Zelda breathe of the wild and dark souls
All's I'm sayin is I think Halo 3 takes inspiration from Halo 2.
At this point everything is just a ripoff of Knack 2
"Stamina bar" doesnt make game like Dark Souls. It just makes game with stamina bar.
Bit we've only had one Strand type game
God was actually inspired by dark souls when he created man
5-head
The worst offenders are the "Stardew Valley" clones. I get ads for a new one every week.
this open world video borrows heavily from breath of the wild and reminds me of dark souls
Really makes you feel like Batman
All video games are basically summarized as "Pretty much Pong, but without the Pong."
you know, I'm a little bit of a dark souls myself..
Yeah, games borrow ideas from other games. It's the same thing with literally all other works of art.
The fact that the Persona 5 Strikers review compared the game’s combat to Kingdom Hearts of all games drives me fucking insane.
Every game is just a remix of algebra
What is the first game called?
And thus, a genre is born.
I get it, like when people call Wonderful 101 Pikmin just cause they both have multiple characters following you, but are entirely different otherwise
"Stamina based climbing inspired by Breath of the Wild"  Conan Exiles - "Am I a joke to you?"
When you are a hack writer and have no ability to actually describe anything without using a trite reference. Imagine having never played and video game and watching one of these reviews. You would have absolutely no idea what they were talking about.
Longest recording session or what, am I right?
I get the point Dunkey is trying to make but honestly, I don't see the issue here. Sure, some game reviewers are genuinely awful at their jobs and have no ability to review something without comparing it to something else but for the most part you see this large amount of comparing because gaming as an art form has not finished maturing. We are where movies were in the 1920's, largely gimmicks people enjoyed for the baseline experience they provided, i.e. "moving picture", rather than something enjoyed specifically for it's content.   This is because we are still in the midst of the technology maturing, we are still watching gaming grow and evolve and innovate and make new standards for others to be compared to. This is just the consequence of the art form primarily being staged by technology, you need to compare a game to others games because that's simply the only reference point many people will have to certain mechanics. Why spend the time to explain what a combo system is or how a certain hack and slash gameplay feels when it literally is just copying Devil May Cry to a tee and anyone who has played both can tell? If anything, the comparison allows you to further define the combat because it lets you focus on the differences and gets the similarities out of the way immediately.   Of course this is always used as a crutch by bad writers, and the reason for the multitude of bad gaming reviewers is also due to the lack of maturity in the art form. But for the most part these comparisons happen in any art-form, specifically with art that is clearly derivative. Art doesn't exist in a bubble, influences can be obvious and there's really nothing wrong with discussing them plainly.
All games are just heavily inspired from Pong.
Was waiting for a clip of the Redlettermedia guys doing one of their best of the worst blender pitches.
What you need to understand is that Dunkey has actually taken inspiration from Dark Souls.
So if you die in frogger, you are fully justified for saying "thank you dark souls"
I like how a lot of people in the comments are missing the point and criticizing the game journalism instead of the games themselves for not being very original.
I mean, this is just a basic part of how human psychology works. A lot of how we process things involves categorizing things and then comparing new objects/information to our pre-existing mental categories.
I can't wait for the first Strand type Dark Souls inspired top down Breath of the Wild roguelike
Videos like these make me really get blown away about making money on YouTube. Homies eating good just editing videos!
critics are dumb
Another certified hood classic
Everything is a remix
It really makes you feel like Breath of the Wild Bayonetta Dark Souls Pikmin Hades CSGO God of War Batman Arkham Asylum.
Originality in Video Games is dead af apparently
I mean I ge the point of the video but like... it's the same as the thing with art, people saying Modern art is stupid because it is so minimalistic and well generally just strange... but that's a result of literally almost everything already having been done to an extend on the field. So it's only natural for gaming to also fall into that line, it's literally the exact same with movies.
super mario bros 2 takes a lot of inspiration from dark souls
You don't quite see anything like Demon Souls, it took clear inspiration from Dark Souls
If you think about it among us is kinda like Zelda and dark souls. And if you really think about it it's kinda like overwatch
Gamers after finding out that FIFA 21 is inspired by the football sport:
Sack-kero : shadows die twice
strand type dark souls influenced breath of the wild type game
Hmmm...So how would they describe Dark Souls, I wonder?
9/10 it has a little something from everybody!
What on earth did people say Dark Souls was like?
not every game can be strand-type
Just make a 3 hour video on game journalism we know you want to. Was there ever a time when you thought game journalism was really good?
Thank you Dark Souls
Real question is, which game is heavily inspired by Knack?
Wow, this video is impeccable. You should check out Snake Nuice, and MAYBE if you're feeling really good, rate it 5 stars?
Happy 10th anniversary of journalists being able to compare everything to Dark Souls
deathloop was the 1st kick-type game tho
This was difficult to sit through
"A little something for everyone." 9/10    - Bill Clinton
You'll notice 0 games taking inspiration from Sonic the Hedgehog
that’s in?
Idk, to an extent this all makes sense though. If you’re going to try and describe a game to someone, you might as well compare it to something that they know, right? What makes these games are deeper than their comparisons (in most cases) but it helps to frame these concepts and ideas in your head to better understand what the game is going for. If I heard that Jedi Fallen Order is Dark Souls meets Metroid, then I think “Ok, I know those things, so I can visualize this in my head now.” Maybe that’s just me?
Can u speak about physics in video Games 🙂
But the origin of every game actually is Resident Evil 4. Everything else is a knock off.
What was the point? All art is derivative of something else.
I like these videos where Dunkey doesn't have to say anything. He doesn't need to add anything to them to prove his point.
I always am sure to thank Dark Souls for being the very first game where you learn enemy attack patterns
I love how this shows how shallow and unoriginal all videogame reporters are, cannot come up with any unique reviews
one day late for the dark souls 10 year anniversary
Dark souls
The subtle message dunkey implies in this video is that all videogames copy knack 2
Gaming journos amirite?
I guess I should play dark souls.
As we can see here, Dunkeys video clearly takes inspiration from many oversimplified and lazily compared game journalist reviews
Jason had to watch all those horrific reviews just to make this.
Something something Darksouls Darksouls Zelda
this channel clearly takes a lot of inspiration from dark souls
To be honest, this is more games journalists being bad at describing things than lack of originality in games
Simpsons did it!
This kinda reminds me of Dunkey's "Wario Golf" video.
U sneak the fact that deathloop is original and think noone will notice 😂
Theres nothing like ..... except....
Nothing is truly original, it’s just evolution. Everything has come from ideas you have seen in other things. Mario has similarities to a plumber, princesses aren’t original, goombas look like mushrooms
these videos where Dunkey says nothing say so much.         I think.
Another dunkedy video, nice
T-T-T-T-TRUE CLASSIC ALERT
When Dunkey added Darksiders 1 and Darksiders 3, I feel like Dunkey tried to say that Darksiders 2 is the best Darksiders
all of these comments are just like this comment i found  and it shamelessly borrows the energy from this comment
Oh God, being a gaming journalist is probably the easiest job in the world.
Don’t act like you haven’t done this same stuff dunkey
we all know “breath of the wild” clearly took inspiration from “tarzan for ps1”
But what are you supposed to do about that ? People get inspired by what's around them
I can say the same about ea sports games every year.
this game really makes you feel like Batman
Let's pretend like difficult games didn't exist before Dark Souls.
To be honest, every game is inspired in Pong
The game makes you *FEEL* like Batman taking inspiration from Tetris
Making a statement by using other people's statements.
Funny, BoTW stole from MGS V
I know this is supposed to be a mocking video, but I don't see anything wrong with what they're saying. If you can say, _“ABC game takes inspiration from XYZ game.”_ and be understood, then I'd much rather they just say that and then I'll know. I mean it's accompanied with gameplay footage, it's not just text. We can quickly get a good idea of what they may mean. And I've played almost all those games, and in almost all cases I'd say the same.
Game reviewers.  What is a lemon? It's like an orange, but borrows sourness heavily from dark souls.
Tbh I don't see the issue it's on human nature to compare new things with familiar things that way is easier for our brain to understand them
this makes me extremly mad for some reason
This video really hurt to watch, Dunkus. I legit couldn't sit the whole thing through in one go. I'll come back and watch the rest later, but only because I'm a completionist and I won't let this bullshit, artificial-difficulty postgame sub-mission stand in the way of my glitchless, 100% playthrough of the entire Danko collection. It's dungeons like these that really test our conviction and resilience as gamers - the slog is brutal, but the platinum trophy achievement is definitely gonna be worth it. Anyway, keep up the great work Duke Dunkem. Love you forever. Mwah.
i mean, theres nothing wrong with getting inspired by other games to make yours.
Gotta be the most simple and saddest montage I've ever seen. Plot twist: every game is actually a sequel to Pong.
This has been my issue with the art form for years, and it's been absurd how no one ever talks about it, thank you
They're all like the first game- typing "80085" in your calculator, as they all used programming
Wait till you play Craftopia
My pet peeve: comparing any roguelite to dark souls
I mean… we can shit on the comparisons they make as much as we like, but to be fair, comparing it to other games we know is the best way to get a good idea of what to expect.
I bet game reviewers couldn’t write about a game without referencing another game
luvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
Everything is a remix Everything is a remix Everything is a remix Everything is a remix Everything is a remix Everything is a remix Everything is a remix
does anyone know the name of the game @2:09 ?
More like "Originality in Game Reviews"
Was so happy when dounk came in at the end with that quote
They all take inspiration from Pong
To be fair, what would the alternative be?  Is there anything on this planet from books to governments that would not fall into this trope?
Speaking of originality, how is it that basically ever IGN-type game reviewer sounds almost identical? Like, even the Australian dude has the same overall tone
Imagine wanting to be a games journalist
every  game ever made is inspired by dark souls, even games lauched before dark souls.
When you think about it, Super Mario Odyssey is just a mix of Dark Souls and Rocket League
“It’s like [redacted] and a little bit of [redacted] with a lot of Dark Souls.”
The title should be “game journalists are clowns”
Gaming peaked about 5 years ago with BOTW and Persona 5 and HZD. It’s been on the decline ever since.
its great how you can make a point without even saying anything lol.
So fucking funny lmao
Dunkey you gotta review eastward it deserves it! Love the content!!!
Theyre too afraid to say whether the games are actually fun or not so they just give popular games that are similar. thanks journalists
I suddenly got the urge to replay "Vib-Ribbon", for some reason...
So, let me see if I understand this right. Dark souls is the Devil May Cry of Zelda. Right?
Most people (probably non Souls saga players) don't notice how many Dark Souls inspired games are coming out recently, most of them are obviously inspired by it and some others only take the fighting mechanics from it, and it doesn't surprise me, Dark Souls combat mechanic is definitely my favorite combat mechanic in any game.
What's the game in the first few clips? This looks amazing
I really hate this trend of constantly comparing everything. Unless a game is a very overt and obvious tribute to something, just don't bring it up, let it be it's own thing.
basically every game is darksouls, except for darksouls, of course
"The substance, the bulk, the actual and valuable material of all human utterances — is plagiarism. For substantially all ideas are second-hand, consciously and unconsciously drawn from a million outside sources"  -Mark Twain in a letter to Hellen Keller.
dunkey is the dark souls of youtube channels
If u r an inde developer don't make a video game
Tldr: it's near impossible to create something new that hasn't been made before
But the cave paintings we found from a handful of thousands of years ago were heavily inspired by those tree carvings we found.
I get using games to describe other games... but some reviewers take it too far. Describe the fucking game, THEN compare it to something else. I don't play Persona, stop describing games as Persona. What the fuck does Persona play like.
I don't think there's anything inherently wrong with making comparisons to other games when reviewing or analyzing a game, especially if the games are contemporaries. A lot of these examples definitely stray from "fair comparison" into "its a lot like this game met this game and this game and then these games combined to kind of make this little element that's like this game." By the end of that tangent you've hit so many layers of abstraction, you've lost the ability to draw any coherent commentary forward.
The only original games are SUPAH MARIO BROTHAS 2 AND KNACK BAYBEEE
wow this video is like Crowbcat
Every game takes influence from Knack
So what's the message here? That games are seeming less and less original? Or that these reviewers just have to keep name-dropping these big titles whenever they talk about something in the same genre?  Personally, I'm tired of hearing so many games being compared to Dark Souls, especially since many seem to think Dark Souls just means "A JRPG that isn't easy."
Let It Die is so fun
This was pretty painful to watch
All is ign lmao
mario used to be a running jumping jumpi g on bad guys heads princess ducking fire ball thow game, but after the bombs dropped, things changed.
I know it sounds super repetitive when watching game reviews, but using genre-defining games as shorthand to describe another game honestly isn’t such a bad thing IMO, it’s a nice and easy way to get a decent understanding of how a game might feel to play fundamentally.
At this point games journalist just have a list of words they all use and dark souls is at the top of that list
Death stranding is the only original game since Gex
This video has a little something for everyone. 1/10.
Lazy ass video
I won't be surprised if all the gaming journalist owned by the same people atp.
We do like to compare a lot don't we?
Recipe for a Good Game:  2 Cups of Dark Souls combat 8 ounces of Breath of the Wild open world 1 tablespoon of Diablo 3 And just a sprinkle of Borderlands loot system  Cook time:  For perfection cook for 3 years and release fully finished. Or 1.5 years and 2 months of support if you are EA.
Change the title to Originality in Game critique and we're square
I don't get hating the comparisons. It helps the viewer get a feel for what it plays like. How else would you describe it?
This video is more sad than funny
Strand type reviews
Loved it! But what would have been great is if you just kept the critiques regressing. <game> is like BOTW. BOTW is like <other game>. <Other game> is like <Yet another game>, etc.
Actually they are all inspired by pong that came out in the 70s for Atari. Yw noobs
Correction: "Originality in Games Journalism"
In the gametech course at university of utrecht, we had to pitch our games without the use of prior games. It was actually easy as you can often just use genres to explain what your game is about. For example, "Scribblenauts is a sidescrolling adventure game where you can talk to NPCs, type words to change the gameworld so as to spawn or modify things to make them happy!"  The whole idea of not referencing other games is so that no knowledge about prior games is needed and you're not stuck in rigid thinking.
Y'all really playing these watered down pong games? Only the real pong for me.
This stresses me out.
*64 mario kart toad yell*
Its obvious Breath of the Wild was inspired by Genshin Impact
zelda
Video games these days are too unoriginal for Dunkey fans, who prize originality above all things and are just tired of recycled contenKNACK 2 BAYBEE
Cyberpunk 2077 is basically just dark souls with bugs
This is really funny to me as someone who has never played Dark Souls.
Almost nothing was said, but this video spoke volumes
Games Journalists are not people.
“X is like Y and Z” “Think X but with the elements of Y” “X is just like Y but more like an action JRPG” “It has [normal feature] just like Y” “Theres nothing like X, (then lists off games that are similar to X)”
Video games reviews will be random generated in the future.
When dunky says nothing and just let's the video speak for itself you know it's real shit.
Reviews like that can get so annoying. I have friends who want to get into games for the first time and watch these reviews to look for recommendations and they're like "wtf are all these games they're comparing it to. I have 0 context."  I dunno, maybe journalists should really get more.... Creative. But that's asking for too much these days.
yeah man, it's like music. Every music is just an alphabet remix
in brazil there a quote thad read ''nothing is created everything is copied''
But these are all what elevator pitches are
When it  comes down to it, most games are like pong!
shin megami tensei V will release in November and it has taken some clear inspiration from shin megami tensei III
Originality in reviewing Video Games
Sonic inspired by infinity war and dragon ball
Peak games journalism.
as you can see this game is like a different video game that exists
Imagine critics seeing this then say fuck you dunkey
OK but is it the Darksouls of it's genre?  Nevermind every game is the Darksouls of it's genre for a journalist.
Jersey devil was the 1st game with gliding lol ps1 days
this video is a little like crowbcat mixed with dunkey
And again it has been months since the promise of a funny cheeto video and still no mention of funny cheetos at all
Pong is the Dark Souls of Tennis.
All art is derivative
I'm waiting for more pong-likes with asteroid style action elements
He wrote one line
I feel like dunkey's cynicism towards the video game industry grows stronger every year.
"It's nothing like the games I've played before... expect it is."
Don't even compare Ghost Of Tsushima to other games. It can stand on its own two feet.
It's a roguelike that draws its fighting style from tetris, but with a character selection screen similar to battletoads. The exploration is top notch, with inspiration from centipede, with a charm and wit drawn from the likes of being in a Luau in Mel Gibson's house - Gex
Dunkey is clearly taking inspiration from AVGN, let's not mince words here boy
This video really makes you FEEL like dark souls
This is kinda nitpicking and biased
dunkey is like the dark souls of youtubers
this is the dark souls of dunkey videos
Yeah... but games are an iterative process. Creating something completely new without taking inspiration from others is incredibly difficult and even more rare. I'd love to hear of actual original games that you haven't seen elsewhere though. Would love a top 10 list or something of those.
Its about ethics in game journalism
This is exactly like Batman. Some would even say it makes you feel like him.
How to be a YouTube game reviewer
dark souls is just the younger edgier brother of monster hunter
Ecclesiastes 1:9 There is nothing new under the sun.
it's all dark souls, didn't you know?
It has a little something for everyone
Guys, we have another Dunkey classic right here.
tbh they are all inspired by pong
There is a fine line between inspiration and shamelessly rippin off someone's idea. That is ironically the thing that confuse us mostly all the time.
Nailed it!!!
lol.lol.lol.not lol.
its so meta that this video is just ripping off other reviews
When Dunkey is silent until the very end and then says only one line. 🤗
Honestly mad respect to Kojima for inventing a completely new and original game genre (stand type)
Hard = Dark Souls
Well... That's just how things are. In everything.
TALES MENTION IN A DUNKEY VIDEO YOOO
The first Strand type review
Is this you saying strand type games are good because they're original? Or are you complaining that game designers don't fix what isn't broken. Or, the far more likely one, you're not complaining about the originality of video games, but the unoriginality of game journalists.
You know Dunkeys serious when he doesnt say a lot at all unless it's to emphasize something
Yeah
This just made me sad.
that's less about originality in games and more about game journalists being unable to speak for 20 seconds without drawing comparisons
There has never been a game like Assassin's Creed except for Assassin's Creed 2
i thought that i was watching crowbcat
This gave me anxiety D:
Well then Mr. Dunk, doesn't that make the FIRST strand-type game Journey?  Where's that, huh???         --MLK
Three and a half minutes of pure, unfiltered pain...
"Creativity is the art of hiding your influence" - some guy, probably
Dark Souls? More like hard Zelda
first
7/10. It really makes you FEEL like you're Batman.
yeah but where's the other strand-type games
This is why bugsnacks is the best game, nothing like it
Don't even have to reference an original game, just namedrop the most famous one.
The only original game is Death Stranding since it is the first strand type game
Everything is inspired by Zelda now?? Damn these people are just looking for any excuse to get past that 10 minute mark
This is why I never watch or read almost any large scale gaming media journalism. It all feels so hollow. Which takes inspiration from things like Hollow Knight.
All these games show clear drawn inspiration from bugs life
Guys I don’t know Dark Souls sounds like a pretty good game
it has 2d top down. It must be zelda with darksouls-ish game
"What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun."  This video is just an Ecclesiastes rip off SMH my head...
The problem is not that they are "inspired" by other games but they are all inspired by the same 5 games all the time
Having borrowed elements isn't inherently bad. Some of the best movies, songs and books are heavily inspired byprevious works, this is just a sign of a mature medium.  Blatant ripoffs and unoriginality are prevalent in videogames, but most of what I'm seeing here is jusr remixing of ideas  Edit: Obviously most of these take inspiration from botw and dark souls but are are very different games. It's like calling every high fantasy book a copy on the lord of the rings.  And valorant is the perfect example of what I was saying. It's two things that already existed separately, but a whole new thing when put together. I've played cs and overwatch, and let me tell you valorant is a whole new experience
Really makes you feel like dark souls
This video kind of looks like Bubsy 3D, and feels a bit like Gex, but I would best describe it as similar to Knack 2
"This game is like..." - Gex
This is a Souls-Like Dunkey video
TBH that guy talking about stamina based climbing systems has a point
The problem isn't the games that take inspiration from other games. The problem is the reviewers that can't describe a game without comparing it to others beacause of their poor vocabulary
I'm sorry but I don't really see the point of this video. Popular and influential games are popular and influential. When you go in with the explicit intention of making a game that's as unique as possible you end up with, well, "Strand-type games".
Good thing no one copied Tetris.
I dont see any criticism for Knack… just saying
Yeah, well, all art is derivative. Sorry, but it's true. All ideas come from somewhere and everyone's imagination is a regurgitation of what they take in.   That isn't to say striving for originality is pointless. But originality isn't about making something complicated and unheard of so much as it's about remixing what fundamentally works to be fresh again. This is where theory in every art form comes from. Do what works and be risky and challenging in smaller ways as a sort of icing on the cake. You don't have to reinvent the wheel, you just have to make it seem cool again.
I don't like this video
Has anyone thought of making a game that plays like Dark Souls combined with Zelda Breath of the Wild but make it anime? I hope in this newly developed never before seen game I could really feel like Batman.
Am I supposed to be laughing or crying rn send help
2:46 I almost choked on my pizza
is this that crowbat channel or whatever?
The problem with compare this to that in a review sense is let’s say you have someone who has never heard of eldest souls, click a review it says it’s a lot like dark souls ok what’s dark souls, clicks on another view it’s a combination of Zelda and chivalry never heard of those so on and so forth.
Wait so if game journalists/reviewers are bad at a game they just call it a dark souls ripoff?
He really just comes in and says like two lines. Content!
The game is clearly inspired by 1962's "Spacewar!" with a dash of the first deck of hanafuda cards released by Nintendo in 1889.
This game really makes you FEEL like a Dark Soul.
They’ve all taken inspiration from your mom
It's all Darksouls or devil may cry xD
i dont understand why no one says how the climbing and stamina bar in BOTW was really from shadow of colossus. so really BOTW is a rip off check mate atheist's
Haha right,now do this with EA
Super Mario Bros takes some light inspirations from Dark Souls
Thats why your supposed to be reviewing retired mens nude beach volleyball
So all games lead back to Japanese devs
What’s the solution though? People will always chase the feeling of playing those great games for the first time again. Game developers know this, so they will keep producing schmuck until someone re-invents the wheel again.
This video was clearly a knock off dark souls review
2:08 Is that Yandere dev?
I wish you would do a full opinion/edited video on this topic instead of just putting a spotlight on the issue.
This is more of an issue with us as the consumer as we crave less originality and buy these games that are essentially the same thing everytime. Look at sports games or Call of duty
this video clearly takes inspiration from donkey’s dark souls video
Darksiders Is what excuse me ?
babe wake up new dunkey video
Death Stranding is the Dark Souls of mail delivery games
The game make you feel like batmanzeldadarksoulssupermario
Minecraft copies, GTA copies, Dark Souls copies...what else, meatballs?
Can't wait for the absolutely seething games """journalists"""
I thought I was the only person who remembered Dark Souls, so glad someone else can name drop that rare gem
I guess that's it. All games have been made. The end.
That lazy eh..
You know Breath Of The Wild is a good game when everybody is trying to rip it off
where are my pong inspired games
what did videogames looked like before botw?
I’ve never played Dark Souls, but I’ve played different games that take elements from Dark Souls so I feel like I’ve already played Dark Souls
Shooketh
I can't tell if this is a critique with the games industry or game reviewers
this comment section is a bit of Pewds and spiffingbrit's with just a dash of Tobuscus
These inspirations really make you FEEL like Spider-Man
Nah see the issue is no originality in gaming journalism. The idea that none of these people could describe these games without going "well its like this other one" is actually a little sad. It's like that one friend who can't make good jokes so they just use memes in real life. These are just uncreative people working in an industry with limitless scope
This video is like the one where the IGN guy says "it has a little something for everyone".
i dont think there's anything wrong with comparing videogames to each other like this. it's just the best and easiest way to describe them.
Shooters, metroidvania, rpg, that's all there is
Video game Dunkey has taken massive inspiration from Knack 2
If you can roll in a game, it's like dark souls now...
Man Ghost of Tsushima ain't nothin like dark souls
PAIN
Only thing I got is that they all suck a reviewing games
I don't know why people keep hyping up Dark Souls as being original.  The game was basically a clone of Demon's Soul, which was just a King's Field sequel with the serial numbers filled off.
This is nothing new. Back in the day, first person shooters weren't called "first person shooters." They were called "Doom clones."
Originality peaked at Super Mario Bros 2. It all goes downhill after that.
It really makes you FEEL like you're Breath of the Dark Souls May Cry
The only way games can have a little something for everyone is if it's made of a little something of everything.
Super Mario World Advance 2 is basically Pong
Since every game is just like Dark Souls, I can now officially say that I've beaten a Dark Souls game.
This channel takes a lot of inspiration from Guptil89 & Tourettes Guy
But does it make you feel like Spider-Man and Batman at the same time?
thank you dark souls
Dunkey more like Funkey
Wait a minute... is this actually a video about video game reviewers? ...
I don’t get the point of this video, yes the easiest way to explain how a game plays is by comparing it to other popular games
I'm not complaining. I like the fact that there are genres of games.
The timeline is: By the 2010's, developers/publishers forgot how to make fun and good games.  Dark Souls is released and becomes succesful by having a mostly 6th generation gameplay design and approach. Everyone starts to copy Dark Souls, just because, not understanding why. We're stuck in a time loop now, there are only three games left. Dark Souls, GTA V and Skyrim, being re-released until the end of times.
Every game with a dodge roll is a Dark Souls ripoff, just like every game with lines is a pong ripoff
they’re all inspired by a calculator
Every time someone compares a game to Dark Souls, a little piece of the Earth's Soul dies a little. But we can always just remaster the Earth anyway
ah, yes, a souls-like Grand Theft of the Wild-rim: Asylum
If u thinking deep, every classic and modern game is like dark souls, even our real life which is the copycat of dark souls. At this point, dark souls is like jojo reference of life itself
Another issue is the fact that games "journalists" still have jobs.
Obviously there won't be any game that's 100% unique (aside from the very first game of its genre), but there's a point where comparing it to those similar games is doing it a disservice. When it's blatant like how Genshin Impact clearly takes a lot of inspiration from Breath of the Wild, you don't have to compare every game with gliding to Breath of the Wild. Like don't say "Just Cause" is like Breath of the Wild only because you can glide around with a parachute. The other problem is, when a game is unique enough to stand out, you can be setting it up for failure by comparing it to other games. By saying the game is like Zelda or God of War, whatever, then some people who aren't fans of what it's being compared to will steer clear of the game, while others might expect it to be too similar to those games and be disappointed. I also definitely see it as a red flag if the developers are saying "our game is similar to these other games" because that is actually telling me "we've just ripped off all these games without adding anything new or unique."
Scrlet Nexus looks a lot like the latest final fantasy though
Before Dark Souls we just didn't have video games at all
This video is a little bit like playing legend of Zelda breath of the wild
Dark souls fighting and style is clearly inspired from the Dark souls series
If only there was like a dictionary full of words or something to describe games in their own right...   But until then I guess we can only describe them using comparisons to 2 games
every game ever created is either zelda or dark souls
Clearly they all have their roots in pong. Always going back and forth in one way or another.
I’m eating shit
Crwobdunkey
"Insert video game title" draws a lot of inspiration from games like "insert video game title" and "insert video game title".
The gameplay reels on these reviews showcase a mix of IGN’s coordination and Dream’s shortcuts.
so what i'm hearing is botw and dark souls are the only real video games
Hideo Kojima is truly a genius for creating the first strand type game
Super mario is like mario bros meets mappy land
It's all pong.
All games are darksouls and zelda rip offs
When the only goal is money, does it pay to be original?
hey has anyone ever played dark souls? it's a little hard but it's a great game
I mean they were all there from the beginning. It's just about how the developers will use those and if they could make it good enough to become a monument for later games to be compared to. But also games are being compared in a very confusing and unenthusiastic way, like, if it's hard AF, Dark Souls; if it has hack n slash, Bayonetta; if it has good graphics, exploring, Uncharted; if it has platforming, Mario. When GoT is being compared to AssCreed and Sekiro, you know the people who are talking didn't even play the game. Nier Automata and DmC, Koei's Warriors games, probably raised the bar for hack n slash mechanic to the fucking moon and make Bayonetta looks like cartoon, no one talks about them anymore, just some Japanese dudes still making 3000 combo videos on Youtube are what's left. Witcher 3, RPG genre, never existed. Halo, Borderland, Bulletstorm, Spec Ops The Line, forgotten. Heavy Rain, what was that? So yeah...
All pong knockoffs
hee haw indeed.
Every game that came out after DOOM is basically DOOM with a twist.
This comment takes inspiration from Shakespeare and the Dark Souls online manual.
Really makes you feel like dark souls
If you want an original game just play Gex, it's always fresh.
Why I've given up on triple a games
Call of duty is inspired by dark souls
Its like the Dark Souls of video game pitchs.
if a game has monster it’s a knockoff of dark souls I don’t make the rules
sometimes people don't go for the original stuff
I feel like this video drew insperation from dark souls
Well this is awkward, I thought they were all inspired by Call of duty
Welcome to Dark Souls BITCH
Let’s be real, all games take heavy inspiration from knack 2
Be humble yall
So Dark Souls and Zelda are at the core of everything in the universe, must've missed that chapter in the Bible
More of a commentary on reviewers insisting on describing games as a combination of other games
Ok so hear me out: Let's combine Zelda, Dark Souls, and DMC cause Dark Souls 3, Zelda BOTW, and DMC5 good.
Tbh it is harder to make original ideas the more time goes on tho
Game at 2:09?
What's that song at the end?
To be fair. Cosidering how many game devs there are. Who amd how can anyone think of something completely different and brand new.
They’re all inspired by Pong 😎
This video is like Skyrim with guns
They all sound so fucking retarded! Like "I've never seen games like this, it also feels like this game". What the actual hell?!
Everything tastes like chicken except for chicken that tastes like fish
0:17  MINIONS LOLOLOLOL 😂😂🤣🤣🤣😅😅🤣🤣🤣🤣💛💛💛💛💛
So I was playing dark souls all along
This video was clearly inspired by Death Stranding. The first strand-type video game commentary.
let's get this out of the way, 99% of today's games are based on the original pong with some Zork based story lines; also, this video continues to violet sex and nudity policy so much that it's no wonder it might gonna get another strike for the dunkey.
Creates a sudoku game: “There are a lot of similarities with legend of zelda botw, dark souls difficulty and a lot of jrpg mechanics”
This video takes its inspiration from previous dunkey video game reviews, incorporating key elements of his critiques of the modern video game industry, but does it with less actual dunkey by incorporating the voices and comparisons of other video game reviewers.
In the end, everything took inspiration from pong
The comments on this video are as original as what Grandmaster Dunk is pointing out.
Only original video games: Dark souls  Devil may Cry Breath of the Wild Dark souls Mario (the first stand type game) Dark souls
Ive never seen anything like this video. Fans of the video game review scene will definitely see the influence.
So its all darksouls, zelda and dmc
This is the dark souls of video game comparisons
As a third person action game with things like weapons and enemies and buttons and movement, Dark Souls draws heavy inspiration from Dynasty Warriors 3: Xtreme Legends.
is dunkey commenting on the fact that reviewers can't review the games without referencing existing titles? or that games have no new ideas? no art exists in a vacuum, and of course, is influenced by what surrounds it. likewise we use the surrounding art to describe the new with what's already established.
If you can jump in a game you know it‘s ripped off Super Mario Brothers
Simpson’s did it!!!
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls
a little bit like hogan's castle mixed with yoshi's big bean burrito
If you don’t copy Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls, are you even making a video game?
Breath of the Souls
I'm just waiting for the next Strand type game tbh
i wont rest until a soulslike cooking game
Still waiting for the day we get a game inspired by Knack TWO BAYBEEEE
no game can imitate the masterpiece that is knack 2 baby
I feel like it's been so long. What actually makes a game 'souls-like'?
i think all of this are "game" jurnalis lazy writing
What's point of this? Nothing bad with taking best things from other games and making your own game out of them as long as you're doing it right. I doubt there's left any new ideas, Kojima tried to make something new with Death Stranding, and it turned out to be shit.
My biggest complaint about these reviews is how horrible the reviewer sounds reading their script. I feel like I can see them staring down at it as they slowly read each word. It is painful that so many do it and think it sounds good on playback.
Everything is a Souls Type game
Cut to the chase and play Zelda, DMC and Souls  It’ll help you appreciate and differentiate the derivates with more scrutinization
It really makes you FEEL like a Dark Souls - IGN
Crowbcat = Dunkey
Dark Souls invented difficult gaming
"But... but... how else will the journalists let everyone know they play video games?"
This is like the time I ordered a Pizza at Bob Hoskin's house!
Great video
All of these are just super mario bros 2 knockoffs
videogamedunkey is one part mrmeatman style mixed with Red Riot
Originality in art + game journalists’ limited vocabulary
And I'm all like, "Where's my modern sequel to Sega Bass Fishing?!"
This game really makes you FEEL like Dark Souls.
i need more games based on mario galaxy
Man, if I was a gamedev who had their game compared to or assumed to have been inspired by a game that I never played or didn't like, I would be so pissed lmao
While I can kind of get the point of this, that the quality of gaming journalism has diminished, this isn't exactly a new thing in gaming journalism or other review media based journalism such as say film or music. Comparisons are drawn because it's quick, it's easy to do and immediately flagpoles to consumers the qualities of the product they're about to consume. It's a no brainer. There's no 100 percent original, uninfluenced thing.   Journalists commenting on the fact other games share similarities because they're literally influenced by another game is... not bad journalism? The Genshin Impact one in particular - it's literally a gacha weeaboo version of Breath of the Wild.
Devs: "We have a new concept never seen before!" Me: Oh... a new souls game
I don't get the underlying argument or critique. The fact that these reviewers are comparing the games to other games is good - it makes a reference to something that might be familiar to you, and gives you a clearer picture of what's in the game. The fact that these games borrow from past games is extremely normal and not worth bashing. So what exactly is the message here?
death stranding is 100% creative and original unlike all these other games.
Imagine back when it was just pong and someone had to explain the 2nd game ever made: "This is like Pong but you're a snake and eat pellets and uh it's like chutes and ladders with like uh crossword puzzles mixed in, shit none of this tracks"
I think there is a case to be made for reviewers being lazy and trying to tie games to other games rather than give a proper description of the game they are reviewing.  Most mainstream video game review outlets are barely worth paying attention to.
He can’t keep getting away with this!
More like originality in video game reviews
Games are similar, wow, what a revelation
This is a huge drama
Every game is a souls-like if you think long enough
Don’t think I didn’t catch the NEW SUPER MARIO BROS DS CREDITS MUSIC holy moly the quality of my day just increased 10 fold.
“There’s never been anything like this game. Also, here are a few games exactly like this game.”
My grandma passed away...Much like in Dark Souls!
All games came from their master dark souls !
You’re either a dark souls copy or a legend of Zelda breath of the wild copy and nothing in between
u r nxt lvl, man
Videogamedunkey is heavily  influenced by death stranding and is considered to be the first strand type youtuber
I really dislike the originality debate in art. Art is always copying. It works like evolution. Nothing just pops into existence. It's an incremental evolution.
idk why but all this reviews makes me angry
What’s Darksouls like?
This is more of a commentary on game reviews than it is on games itself, and I appreciate that.
At the end of the day, every game is just copying Noughts and Crosses.
I think the great thing about video games today is that every tiny idea will be copied and threshed out a million times before it dies. There's a lot of repetition, but the mechanics that we love are carried over to other video games where they can be implemented in a slightly different way opening new possibilities for game play and storytelling. I don't mind that all video games are copies of each other. For me the problem comes when developers recycle mechanics and ideas in order to produce a game to meet a deadline, or purely for profit. Rather than spend time and money innovating and creating a compelling game, they recycle mechanics and ideas, then polish it in a marketable way. Money bad, video game fun, recycle is allowed
If the rest of the video is all clips..... Amazing job Dunkey. 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Dark Souls is the Dunkey of video games, every other game is just a clone
someone help me out pls, whats the game at 0:20?
Dark Souls was actually a niche sequel to the smash hit Tetris Souls...tris 3, people need to give credit where it's due
Damn dude u figured out video games r inspired by other video games, rly introspective of you rly makes u think, wowie
We all know he did this video because Bookworm adventure deluxe ripps off snake:)
"originality" in video games, or "originality" in gaming journalism 🤔
They just can't help themselves, the game is kinda hard so its dark souls obviously
They are all in a way, inspired by Ball-in-a-Cup
is dunkeys point that videogames aren't that original if everyone can compare it to another game or that constantly comparing videogames to one another is silly? because on one hand i agree that sometimes people take the comparasions too far, but I mean I don't think comparing something like genshin to botw or nioh to dark souls is really that horrible cause its true they really do have some gameplay and stylistic similarities
This stuff drives me crazy. If you can't describe a game without talking about other games that's more on the writer than the game developers.
This video is kinda like "Originality in Video Games" by videogamedunkey if it was directed by Quinten Tarantino and had Dark Souls combat
A ROGUELIKE game with ROGUELIKE elements? Must be a Hades knockoff.
All the humor, but I'm longing for you to say it explicitly, because so many people will miss it. There are so many games people will miss because they view these parallels in a negative light. I think this video is genuinely a 10/10 Almighty Big D experience, but I think your content frequently breaks the 4th wall to spoonfeed a life-bettering view, and this video falls short in that regard. Said with 10/10 love one can have without getting parasocial. Cheers mate
Yeah but all inspired from the first strand type game. PONG.
Never have I ever seen a youtuber quite like videogamedunky before, honestly, one of a kind- with a little hint of skydoesminecraft, and a pinch of gamegrumps and Dark Souls, he has a little something for everyone 10/10 - IGN
this video made me very angry thank u donkey
I have never been this angry in my life
Death stranding is just like dark souls"
it's like a mix of dark souls and boo boo baby bunny riders
"Pong FEELS like a perfect cross between Darks Souls and Zelda"
i inspired all those games
Note: you cannot have dodges in combat or else you will be labeled a dark souls clone lol.
it’s always Zelda, huh
This game really makes you FEEL like Persona 5 Strikers
Notice how League of Legends was not mentioned at all in this video, truly a unique game.
My god how I hate video game reviewers
So nearly all games are based off of dark souls or zelda
So you see, Minecraft Story Mode Episode 2 is like the Dark Souls of the visual novel scene and it really makes you feel like its ripping off of Minecraft Story Mode Episode 1
TL:DW; Game of [genre] looks like [other game of same genre]
Donda takes a lot of inspiration from the original Mario soundtrack
This "Zelda" thing they keep mentioning must be good or something
Crowbcat type video. Keep em comin
I look at these games and all I can see is pong mixed with donkey kong 64.
I mean, you could make the same argument about music and literature 🤷🏻‍♂️
Are they wrong?
Dark souls was inspired by dark souls
I am dark souls :B
Pong
When psychonaut?
this video reminds me of dark souls
Video game "journalist" be like:
Ah yes, deathloop, just like that game dark souls
everything is dark souls
It has a little something for everyone
Orr... ori..ori-jeh-nality?
Everyone loves talking about other games that are like Devil May Cry but no one likes talking about how great Devil May Cry actually is
Journalists as well as youtubers  simping and shilling recycled concepts to death. And the masses eat it up. The entire PS5 library is 3rd person action games. I’m not saying they’re not fun, but it’s hard to stay interested after a while.
Game critics now describe and critique video games by just naming other games that games kind of remind them of a little bit but not that much
I don't get it. It is supposed to roast the games of the reviewers
I think there's genuine grounds for saying certain games feels like Dark Souls or BOTW. Those games are usually pretty shameless about it. It's right in your face, visually and in gameplay mechanics.  But to call things Doom clones or GTA clones or DMC clones...I think those are moreso instances of inventing an entire *genre* of game. FPS, open world, and "character action"  respectively (whatever the hell that last one means).
I just finished Darksiders 2 on the PS4 and Darksiders Warmastered last month.  God of war X Zelda is honestly accurate, still good games though.
this video looks like it was heavily inspired by dark souls, which in turn was heavily inspired by xenoblade chronicles for the nintendo wii
Im just waiting for the first “strand type” game
Super Mario Bros. borrows heavily from the gameplay of Donkey Kong with the speed and reaction of Pac-Man with the charm of Game and Watch games
God this has been bugging me for quite a while. Comparing games to others is effective. To a point it can tell you what to expect. But its becoming so rediculous. From Game is like X but Y to Game is like X and Y as well as Z and a hit of A while taking inspiration from B with some portions of C. At that point just fucking discribe the game normally.
Unique! Just like everyone else!
So Miyazaki is bsically god?
Every Warriors game is the same. Dynasty Warriors, DQ Warriors, Fire Emblem Warriors, Zelda Warriors, Persona 5 Warriors, it's all the same shit but with different skins on it and people buy it every fucking time.
*Tbf they're all original inspired by rock paper scissors*
Every VG reviewer really be such a collective joke that they make up an entire Dunkey video for him.
First I thought it’s a satire with guest bloggers, then I realised it was just a montage of the reality of game reviews
this is like describing the plane crash you just survived by listing off a number of other plane crashes.
I watched the entire video thinking it was just the introduction to an actual discussion video and when dunkey never said anything i was like what that can't be it lol you just built up the beat and never dropped it xD
whats the cartoon looking game at 0:20 ?
This hurts
either your game is DS, DMC or Zelda or a combination of them
I see climbing with stamina and I think of Shadow of the Colossus and the fact that BOTW is the only game being used for comparison is unnerving me,
3:14  A bit disappointed that dunkey didn't said more. Actually a very interesting topic: How to be orginial nowdays? Without being compared to anything.
But does this new game make you feel like you have the exaggerated swagger of a dark souls?
Thats why we need super mario bros 2
I dunno man, I think it’s less a problem with games having little originality and more a problem of journalists being shit at reviewing a game, having to compare it to others.
Personally i think everything can draw its inspirational roots from Pong
I guess it’s better to say the reviewers are unoriginal. They could come up with something new but they must use old games to get peoples attention, “oh duurrr like Zelda dark souls? Ha must get game”
this video gave me depression
darksouls 3 has taken inspiration from darksouls 1 ? Fuck that. I would like to play a new pokemon game that didn't get inspiration from a previous pokemon game, rather play pokemon game that took inspiration from GTA or some shit
"There's NOTHING like [NEW GAME TITLE], which feels like a mix between [OLD GAME TITLE] and [EVEN OLDER TITLE]"
When you only played 6 games in your journalist career and don't want to play anymore so you just say the game you're reviewing is inspired by one of the 6 and call it a day
The funny thing about the game reviewer comparing Genshin Impact to BOTW, is that mihoyo, developers of genshin, are located in china, where breath of the wild hasn't been released yet. 🤣
THE END OF ORIGINALITY
This video is nit-picking and biased.
“there’s nothing quite like this game but actually yeah there is hahaha”
I like how everyone seems to have forgotten demons souls existed
A little something for everyone.
This is so common in music when you're trying to describe a band's sonic style and you don't know anything about how music is made or music theory.  "Well they're kinda like Death Grips but more pop..." or "they're a Mac DeMarco clone..."
It's almost like comparisons are a simple way for people to understand what a game is like.
Anyone know the game shown after the Kena game? The one with the handrawn art style cutscene?
Imagine being a game reviewer that gets pissed off at this video.   "Well how else am I suppose to explain these games?!"
actually, this video takes inspiration from video games.
So I guess games that are inspired by others are bad, huh?
I really wanna know how this guy sees similiarities between the shown hack n slay RPG and Guilty Gear Xrd, an actual 2d fighting game. Besides that it's both taken inspiration from these chinese cartoons.
My only complaint is that there weren't more Dark Souls references.
5 seconds of Dunkey actually talking. 3 outta 5!
They know three games for sure; Dark Souls, Breath of the wild, and God of Devil May Cry War: Tales of Kingdom Hearts Arkham Persona 5
Games Journalism is Dead
This upload really made me feel like an IGN reviewer. It’s a combination of Dark Souls with Breath of the Wild.
They're all just copying Knack
The first two games were made by Thomas Edison and Nikola Tesla. They were dark souls and Zelda BOTW, respectively.
Yo I heard the upcoming Metriod Dread is just a ripoff of metroidvanias that came before it like Hollow Knight
The same happens with movies lol "It's Jaws meets psycho!" or whatever
It's like Knack, but taking inspiration from Bookworm.
What is the game at 2:11
Nintendo sucks, zelda sucks ,mobile games sucks .
Dunky is such a hack. A 3 minute crowb cat style video with a worse premise. One line of dialogue and he didn't even edit this video. Couldn't even be bothered to list the games shown for reference. So lazy and not creative / funny. I don't get the appeal of this guy
This video has clearly taken inspiration from dark souls
I wish I could make memes. Id use the forrest gump scene when his mic gets cut in Washington but with crowbcat and dunkey as forrest with their thumbnails and end it with the hippy in the flag shirt saying "You  said it all brother, you said it all."  P. S. - why do all the reviewers voices sound like that ign voice. You know that "talking to a child" tone but "my own stupidity is on full display" kind of voice. Are they all ripped from ign?
It also goes to show that people can't write for shit and how much games are made for certain audiences instead of making something fresh
Clearly all these games are inspired by the fast paced, in your face gameplay of Pong™️
What have all these reviewers said about "Keep Talking And Nobody Explodes"?  Because I think that's the most original game I've seen since Portal 1.
I thought this was a crowbcat video
Yeah, game reviewers do this a lot, but it's a lot harder to describe the feeling of a game without describing how it's like older games people have played and understand the feeling of
Knack is only the truly original game, that is why it never gets compared to other games  Knack for game of the year 2021
gex is like zelda
Da dunk did a great job with the Voiceover in this one
This game make you FEEL like Batman.
For sure the comparisons get too heavy at times, but originality is also pretty much impsosible. "There is nothing new under the sun."
I heard Dark Souls 3 has some influence from Dark Souls 2
It makes me mad that most of these dudes have never heard of God hand
Knack 2 is the Breath of the Wild of souls-like Knack inspired games.
Dunkey’s videos are a lot like if you took the combat of Super Mario Bros. 2 and added the graphics of Knack.
My out-of-touch-from-the-games-industry- for-the-last-twelve-years ass loves this so much.
If you care so much about originality in games why have you never made a sea of thieves video? I know you have a hate boner for Xbox and anything made by Microsoft but c'mon they reinvented the wheel with that game by making a gameplay loop that had never been done before.
In an industry reliant on consumers offsetting the high cost of development with their purchases, games form genres that consumers are familiar with and enjoy. Exploring new types of game isn’t economically feasible under the current system. Not sure what the goal of this video was since, outside of [political statement expunged], there isn’t really a solution to this issue and no ones really at fault
death stranding was original and he hated it
0:12 this game makes you jump between minor platforms, did you know it’s like this other game that includes jumping?    Bonus: “did you know this game is like dark souls?”
Game Reviewers are reflecting the NPC meme more and more every year.
Dunkey, I used to watch your videos about 9 years ago when I was in 8th grade. Your league videos were hilarious and the best. My friends and I all watched your league videos and always made references to you when we were playing league or hanging out. “Not even close baby!” “Had I known all 5 of the Backstreet Boys were in this mf I never would’ve even came here in the first place!” “Weo weo ______” “Cut the video!”  Watching your videos never failed to give me a laugh.   Recently, I came back to watch and re-watch your content. Your videos are just as funny as they were 9 years ago, and I even caught new things I didn’t catch before.   Tbh I’m in my early twenties and pretty existential at this point trying to decide what to do in my life. I’m sure I’ll decide something good, but it’s looking pretty dim rn because most options seem to basically not be able to help the greater society at all. Funnily enough, I figured if I was as funny as you are, I would just start making YouTube content myself haha.   What I was getting at though is that despite everything, one constant I know in my life is that your videos are funny. I could watch any one of your older videos I haven’t watched yet and get a crack out of it. I basically started to watch your videos from oldest to newest now.   I just wanted to say thanks for sharing your creativity with all the rest of us. That’s all I have to say. Thanks.
Thank you Dark Souls.
Ok, so Kena is like Outer Wilds and Deathloop is like Sekiro, why people don't understand it?
What game is at 2:13
I mean this video reminds me of Dunkey video about Dark Souls
this video is clearly inspired by dunkey's dark souls video
I just love how the Deathloop review starts with him saying that its unlike any other game, then proceeds to say exactly what games its like.
Puyo Puyo: Tetris is clearly inspired by it's contemporary in the same genre, dark souls
When the games are becoming too unoriginal, that the reviewers aren't being original
Pong: It's a little like table tennis
Dark souls Is the dark souls of the souls games
I was playing apex legends the other day and couldn't help but notice a heavy influence of pong and tetris with a slight flavour of dark souls
Is videogamedunkey Cinema?
dunkey never misses
Thank you, dark souls
"Why don't you play something else besides Zelda and Dark Souls or your old games?" Well this video explains that.
You joke, but I'll play a thousand botw clones before i touch one more god damn shooter
This video is a bit like Dunkeys “game critics” series of videos
Guess the game I'm describing: A Mega Man-esque game with a hint of Duck Tales that pays homage to classic old school gaming... in a fantasy setting akin to Zelda.
This is the Dark Souls of a little something for everyone
i cant wait for the fucking game im working on to be compared to zelda, killing me instantly
New games build on successful ideas of past games. Even the most unique game isn't 100% original in such an oversaturated artform, this shouldn't be a surprise. The same is true in music, TV, movies. You can almost always point to a piece of entertainment and say that it reminds you of this or draws inspiration from that. This isn't bad outside of obvious cash grab ripoffs.
oh wow, creators take inspiration from pre-existing things, who knew?
-If you have to dodge, dark souls. -If you have to shoot, call of duty. -If you have to shoot as a team made of different classes, overwatch. -If you have to run around an open fantasy world, Zelda. -If you have to jump on platforms, ratchet and clank, Zelda, crash or Spyro. -If you have to climb, also Zelda or maybe uncharted. -If you have to steal vehicles and shoot, GTA. -If you have to hack and slash, god of war, devil may cry or bayonetta. -If you have to pixel farm, stardew valley. -if you have to craft in a stylised world, Minecraft.  Please continue...
I totally agree dunkey. Innovation is dead in video games. They are all far too similar nowadays.
Far cry 3 is like Skyrim with guns
All joking aside, when you see these statements all together, you realize we have barely scratched the surface of the full potential of gaming. Rethink everything: mechanics, settings, movement, characters, viewing style, hell even button inputs/controllers. How does the character move?
This is probably why I haven't played many games in the last 5 years. Like I've already played everything from the NES to now and the only thing that keeps my attention for longer than half an hour are freak indy games.
"Oh wow, so this is like a whole new experience? This is- Ya, I ca- I can get on board with this" Dunkey's only line in this whole video, and it was still a 10/10 masterpiece
Absolute soulless cash grabs. Also it came from fugging SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS   REEEEEEEEEEE
OKAY OKAY!!! WE GET IT!!!
Every video game is Mario.  Change my mind.
Dunkey do you still love me? Cause I still love you...
i mean there is a word: soulslike.
Imagine pouring your soul into making a game & the reviews all sound like this
I got you covered, just sponsor me to make them and I got your new games fam
Imagine getting paid telling an audience something is like zelda or dark souls. Its almost like game journalism is dead./
No knack 2?
People are like eggs, we're all the same but some are cracked, and we all smell like ass
The Dark Age is a period of time of great instability, rampant disease, and violence. The Dark Souls Age is a period of time of great instability, rampant disease, and violence. Coincidence? I think not.
The Witcher 3
They all take inspiration from pong.
i get what youre saying. but still i like to hear you say it. either way. what can we do?
This is just like playing dark souls at Jack Nicholsons house
Everything ever made is dark souls, Legend of Zelda, or Devil may cry. Amazing time to be alive
Its almost as if the graphics and the fidelity of games are merely a thin veneer covering a mathematical system that is just being iterated on. That's not Pac Man that's Death Race 2000! That's not Death Race 2000 that's Lode Runner!
Pong Is actually based off the story of starfox
Honestly, I'm an indie developer making an original game, and it has become clear to me that while people complain they want original games, they don't really, as they don't like it when a game isn't familiar to them, and they won't bother trying to learn how to play it. (If you do want to try a unique action game, try the demo for my game Hijack Overdrive on Steam)
This video was pretty good, but it also clearly takes inspiration from compilation videos like-
Imagine if we never stopped calling fps games DOOM clones
The ability to point out similarities among game reviews does not imply there is anything wrong in reviewing games in this way.  Saying a game has fighting mechanics similar to Dark Souls and exploration similar to Uncharted can be a lot more easy to understand than describing each of these games' mechanics in great detail. It's an easily digestible way to explain how a game functions, feels, and plays to gamers who have played or even seen gameplay of those previous games.  I don't see anything wrong with game reviewers using these comparisons.
It's impossible to just create something new in 2021...
What’s dark souls the dark souls of
Please keep braping on ign
Call of Duty Vanguard is a fresh new take in the fast-paced bullet spraying franchise with some inspiration and elements taken from Zelda. It really is like Tetris with guns.
Reminder, never sneeze while playing dark souls at Keyori's house of the wild.
yo what game is that at 2:10?
We're in the post-gaming era.
"Note to self: Do not make an elevator pitch at Dunk Pacino's Gabagool Party" -Gex
This video is the DANK SOULS of YouTube videos.
So every game is a Zelda or a dark soul
I mean there is only so much u can do with a game
lazy youtuber laztuber
I dont get this new take that people cant use comparisons to other similar video games, its really stupid and elitist. This is coming from someone who hates journalists and likes elitism in his hobby. I'm a gamer with a capitol G, and I'm not ashamed to say that. That being said this is just stupid its way more efficient and practical to compare the games to their inspirations.
god dahm it
Haven't even finished the video yet but this is one of my biggest pet peeves in gaming journalism as a whole ESPECIALLY with indie titles where influencers seem to rely exclusively on comparisons in order to describe and market the work. Its lazy and only takes away from the unique aspects the game might have to offer in order to circlejerk off of another game's success. Guess you could say having well written and unique takes is the dark souls of game journalism.
People understand new things by comparing to old things, news at 11
Dunky discovers Hume
This video is a bit of a mute point. Like ofcourse games take inspiration from one another. This is true of every other artform
This game is kinda like Pong because you have to use a controller to control the game
What was the point of this? Some games change things certain games did. Like league being off of dota 2. Its a new experience
This comment section borrows heavily from dark souls.
People really like Zelda and DMC.  As someone actively hated on Souls, this is an awful timeline. Everything is just piles of player corpses.
I think weve reached the "China" age of videogames. Game studios are now like: "LOOK AT THIS THING ANOTHER STUDIO DID WELL LETS COPY THEM"
This is why Papers Please is actually the best game. Totally didn't rip off the "state employee" genre
Why does dunkey watch these dogshit journalism game reviews all the time
You know, I don't think that what people dislike is generally being unoriginal, I think this is something that they're convinced they don't like because it keeps getting parroted. I think it's fine to be unoriginal, I think many things are totally derivative and function well as valuable, standalone works in their own right. I think what people really want above originality is authenticity, and that is something that, in the games industry, is in relatively short supply. Obviously you still have to do al the other things that make a game good, but if it's not authentic, if it's not genuine, then it just feels uninspired, there's not going to be thought put into why something else was good.
Right before this video i watched a video essay about my favourite game hotline miami 2.  And it actually has no dark souls or zelda in it. That's why i play indie games.
So every game is basically Darks souls and Devil may cry.
anyone know the name of the game at 0:20?
its like game reviewers don't know what a genre is
"There's nothin new under the sun, it's never what you do but how its done.."
Breath of the souls may cry
I would like to say Genshin impact is the biggest legend of Zelda rip off
This is why I dont care about 90% of games anymore. During PSOne era almost each game did stuff in its own way. Not always good, but own
The NieR games are pretty original
the absolute state of game journalism
dark souls fans will clearly see where this video draws inspiration from
Just came off a couple split gate videos and what I’ve taken from it is they need to have a campaign be a battle royale have classes with abilities and perks with guns that need to have customizable attachments and need wall running while nerfing portals so there’s no campers in an arena shooter. The state of gaming is hilarious because everyone from gamers to share holders are just fucking awful.
Dark souls was a mistake.
One of the main things I like about Tomb Raider is that it's like all the best parts of my favorite games combined without the worst parts. It's got the puzzle dungeons of Skyrim without the repetitive terrain generation. It's got the weapons system from Republic Commando without the terrible ending. It's got music that sounds like the first Sly without the near-impossible time trials. etc. etc. my point is that reusing stuff isn't necessarily bad
all darksouls copy games deserve to die let darksouls be darksouls
I dont see the problem. Reviewers like to compare games to other games so the audience gets a better idea what to expect if they are thinking about purchasing it. I understand some of the comparisons made in this video are stupid, since some of the games are not similar to the games they are being compared with.
The best thing is that the "content creators" who are reading their script in an upbeat voice are almost more a dime a dozen than this potpourri of copies of a copy. Reviewing games like that really is the Dark Souls of being creatively dead inside
only the death stranding is most original game. *run
Dark Souls inspired Dunkey to make this video
Best part is that you didn’t even have to say anything
So all games are Nakejakey's games that should bang series
If you've played Zelda, you've played 'em all.
I like how they said that Nioh is like dark souls, even though Nioh is literally made by the same creators of dark souls. That’s the part that definitely got me.
omg have you seen sublets new video it’s just like crowbcat where he lets them do all the stupid talking obligatory /s
play rain world
I've just seen Originality in Video Games by Videogamedunkey. Nothing prepares you for this. I cheered, I shouted, I fist bumped the air. I cried, I stood and cheered. It's absolutely everything you hoped it was going to be. I'm so proud to have seen it and I can't wait for you to see it
Anyone recognize all the games? I wanna look into them all
I don't know if it is the games,or if it is the players that have to compare everything to that thing they played the other time and they won't shut up about it.
When everyone is original then no one is original
This is less a problem with game developers (People obviously will always take inspiration and steal ideas and tweak them that's how things evolve over time all art is like this and always has been) and more of a problem with critics using comparisons as shorthand to convey their thoughts
All video games are actually inspired by pong which was inspired by air hockey which is a reference to regular hockey  which could not have existed if...
I don't think it's a bad way to describe games, at least at first. Describing a games mechanics is way harder than making an easy comparison. Like I could describe splitgate really on depth or I could just say it's kinda like halo but with portals.
This game is really unique there is nothing like it, it takes features from other games
i want to laugh but i have to cry , ive no mouth and i must scream. thats why i only play retro or emulated games indies EAs nowadays cause everything is a crock of SHIT. love you bunkeyd
So you know how you've played every god damn game on the planet, and you are so desensitized that you can't enjoy a simple game without mentioning how it looks like several other you've played already? Yeah, that's it, that's this video.
"There's clearly a heavy influence from Pong what with the idea to put a game on a video screen."
This should have been called "originality in video games journalism".
my favorite is when they call a 2d side scrolling indie game a "souls game"
hey dunky big fan, just wanted to say that personally these type of videos aren't my thing, while it is a funny edit I would much rather hear you crack jokes and pull apart games masterfully. Just my preference though keep up the good work big man!
Makes u really appreciate how unique a typical Nintendo Release is
Pyschonauts 2 takes only some inspiration and characters and abilities from the original. Clearly Dark Souls
Super mario sunshine actually borrowed heavily from dark souls.
Dark Souls 3 is like Dark Souls 2 but with more Dark Souls
And it all originatss down to: Knack 4: Knack goes to Dark Souls 3
The only one that elicited a primal response of rage from me was the reviewer saying p5 the strikers was similar to kingdom hearts.  Couldn't even have said it was similar to the nintendo warrior games.
Whos gonna tell reviewers about genres?
Everything’s inspired by something. Even Mario, even Space Invaders, even Pong. It hurts to watch this, and I’m not sure exactly why.
Well originality is a difficult thing to do. Let alone make it good. But most things are not original nowadays. Even DMC isn't original if you think about it, and that defined a genre.  The only fully original game I know is Hypnospace Outlaw. With the premise being a 90s internet sim where you are looking for illicit material that needs to be taken down. Whether it be copyrighted material, viruses, people harassing others, or some weird unofficial crypto currency
Oh boy, a new joke for dunkey fans to run into the ground.
people only want things that are just different enough to be enticing, but familiar enough to be comfortable.
Death Stranding was one of the most original games to come out in awhile.
I don't really get this video. I think It's a compilation about people making comparisons to games they are reviewing with other popular games. But by not really saying much it kind of muddies the water on what you really mean. Nothing is original anymore inspiration is drawn from so many sources and comparing something while still showing the differences and nuances about a game is a good way to review something imo.  Also I'm the dark souls of youtube commentors.
I've been saying this for ages, people can't seem to say things are original anymore. It's all either copycat or a mixture of something that's already been done. Death stranding is the only thing in recent memory that really tried to steer away from that by calling itself its own genre even though I'm sure you could say it's a mix of other things.
So what did people play before Dark Souls?
Wow. Can anyone just refer to genres anymore without dropping specific names......... ah, who am I kidding? They're game journalists. Asking them to tie their own shoes is setting the bar too high.
If dark souls is so good how come there’s no darker souls
Srsly you have to compare every game that it's slightly related counter part
Game criticism is such a problem. Great video
The developers of every modern action RPG: "Thank you Dark Souls"
I'm not entirely sure what the point of this video is, if it's about the perception of originality or lack of thereof in the current generation, but there really is nothing wrong with building upon and perfecting proven working formulas, exploring them and finding what works and what doesn't, only makes it better.  Those who just replicate without an attempt to improve, usually get forgotten in time. But you can probably do the same kind of video about games on the NES, because even some of these where building upon something else, maybe something that wasn't based on a videogame, but that's the secret.
As a long time Monster Hunter player i died inside when IGN called it a soulslike. Keep in mind the only similarity is you can roll also monster came out ten years earlier
Dunkey please how are we supposed to not use other games to describe games
Hey dunkey, when are you dropping a review for Death Stranding Director's Cut?
"There's nothing quite like Scarlett Nexus" proceeds to list four games that are like Scarlett Nexus lol
I shoulda figured this was a Dunkey video
Why make new games when you can just reskin dark souls?
Arkham bumble really makes you FEEL like you’re dark souls
Glad I watched this before it got taken down for nudity
Nothing's original anymore. It's just who can profit the most off other people's ideas
One those dudes said "there's nothing like this game..... except these games right here"
Because it's a massive industry, and every video game is a massive investment. Like cinema, the only way to hedge your huge investments is to base it on what has been profitable in the past. That's quite literally it. There are plenty of people wanting to make wildly experimental games, but most of the time you'll hear nothing of them. There is not a dearth in "originality," it's just the nature of Entertainment/Art in capitalism.
No wonder there has been nothing in years for me to play, since everything is just Dark Souls or Zelda ripoff
*Me, an entertainment neanderthal:* "I started playing Undertale because it reminded me of older JRPGs that I like, while also exploring new ideas, and I was indeed satisfied by it :)"  *True connoisseurs of the art form:* "Is that a 3D game where you use a sword ? Pathetic."
You could have made a 2 second video that’s just “it doesn’t exist” and ended it
Dark Souls was actually the first Strand type game
More like "Originality in Video Game Reviews "
I'm gonna say it  Metroidvania's a really dumb name
it really makes you FEEL like youre playing another game
I have no mouth, but I must scream...
Bro didnt you know? Creativity is dead
It makes you feel like dark souls
Dunkey's channel takes inspiration from his little brother and Dark Souls.
Dunkey is like a mix of FIFA 15, Assasins Creed Unity, Super Mario Sunshine and Anthem.
Tbh I see nothing wrong with how they describe games, if they have similar elements as others. It gives people an easier idea to grasp onto.
Notice how they didn’t mention Knack
People playing dark souls in the future: "Man this game clearly is based off dark souls."
Hey you forgot death stranding
videogamedunkey makes a video that is like a dunkey video, but heavily borrows from past dunkey videos with some heavy dunk inspiration. Like dark souls with dunkey.
what is the game at 2:10 ? the art looks dope and I dont know where to find it
there has never been a truly original piece of art made ever in all of history
OK I know this is satire but does anyone else want to play half of these games now?
“All in all I would describe Lego Indiana Jones as like Dark Souls, but with guns.”
Dark Souls is Overrated
This video is kind of a mix between Dark Souls, Fortnite, Minecraft, and a little bit of among us sprinkled in.
Being inspired by something is great.  Being a soulless knock off is not.
If you think about it, Animal Crossing Amiibo Festival is kind of like Dark Souls, in that it makes you feel like you're playing Professor Layton, just without the FZero inspiration. Though the combat is taken straight from games like Hill Climb Racing.
This is the dark souls of overused jokes
now explain how the fuck overwatch inspired a FOOTBALL CAR GAME?
We have entered such a meta level of comedy, that Dunkey only said like 15 words in the whole video. We have ascended to another plane of funny
didnt curse of old gods devs also make hades? 1:38
Dunkey showing us how the gaming critics blabber about newer games lack originality while their reviews haven’t been original since the release of first Dark Souls.    3/5 with a big cigar.
Then, What was the first game like?
This is just dark souls. Again. And again.
Ign be like: this sonic game has CLEARLY taken inspiration for dark souls
I literally see no problem with this. It’s the easiest way to give viewers an idea of how the game plays. What would you suggest for new genres or gameplay mechanics? That would be a much more interesting but harder video to make. I think games have mostly broken down into now established formats and gaming will evolve to have better stories, graphics etc in the future.
Game 1 : 3rd POV Game 2 : Also 3rd POV Journalist : CLEARLY INSPIRED BY-
To be fair mixing things/taking inspiration from multiple sources can still make a good game. Plus there's less stuff to re invent.
The only original game out there is giraffe town made by samer khatib
tbh they're all inspired by super mario
It's like Breath of the Wild if it took inspiration from the combat systems of Devil May Cry and Bayonetta with a bit of Dark Souls. At Mel Blank's house.  --Gex
Knack is the most original game change my mind
"10/10 it's got a little bit for everyone" - Jeff Bezos
"This is the Gex of Qbert games"
What's the game at 0:20?
IGN: Just make up any popular game and say it's like that so people will buy it and we can make our advertising money.
Game reminds of another one so game bad, amiright?
ok dunkey
I want mario galaxy 3
This video is kinda like a video made by donkey in 2009 mixed with some scenes from IGN.
unpopular opinion:  Code Vein is better than Dark Souls.
Takeaway: Play games for yourself and make up your own mind.
dark souls its everywhere make sure to look under your bed to make sure its not like dark souls
I'm just now learning about the term "elevator pitch" and I really hate that it's usage is so common. Just call it an idea or a pitch. What's the elevator part mean? Does it mean you'll make it quick cause we got places to be? I don't got places to be, I'm watching a Dunkey video. Do I gotta go in an elevator to make a game? What if I have a fear of them? I guess the dream dies here.
Wait its all dark souls?  🔫 always has been.
Thank you Dunkey, for existing
This video could be described as Dark Souls combined with Splatoon.
But is it Strand like?
We can say that Knack is Sony's Super Mario 2, and Knack II is his Super Mario 64.
Tetris is the Dark Souls of LEGO games.
sure but when devs create an original masterpiece like Knack, then everyone hates it... SMH...
Thank God Death Stranding was the first strand-type game. It actually brought something new to the gaming industry. But then Doom Eternal came out and it was such a rip off.
Dark souls 2 draws heavily from games like dark souls
The climbing stamina was originally from Shadow of the Colossus not Zelda
Please turn up your mic dunkey, I could only hear you right before the video ended
Dunkey clearly takes some inspiration from NakeyJakey
I came here expecting a video about originality in video games. What I got was another video shitting on game journalists. Love it.
This reminds me of darksouls
So... In other words, returnal of ps5 is the most complete game genre out there?
İf a game has checkpoints and bosses it's ripping off Dark Souls I don't make the rules
videogamedunkey has taken inspiration from videogames and dunkeys
Dunkey got me fr punching air rn because he just exposed the fact that we don’t get any truly unique games anymore
every game is a ripoff of dark souls but dark souls was originally just a clone of strand
Climbing mechanics with stamina like Breth WRONG!!!!!  Like Shadow of the Colossus ... and other games before that one XD! Such short memories and references.
climbing with stamina bar was in shadow of the colossus before last zelda game!
Instead of talking about a game they compare it to other games. Yeah, game journalists aren't over paid at all.
base repetition to make your point instead of dialogue. awesome dunkey.
Come to think of it, real life has kinda drawn inspiration from breath of the wild
Too much nudity in this video for my taste
Y'know...You gotta give to Death Stranding...
Game jouralists have to be some of the most brain dead people out there. And not like in a bad way theres nothing wrong with them they just have nothing going on up there. Just no thoughts at all.
This is Dunkey’s “The Sun Sets in The West”
Gimme back my Zork clones.
Elevator pitch: It's like journalism, except for video games and written exclusively by that dude who just paraphrased a Wikipedia article for his book reports
It makes you FEEL like Batman
Games Journalism = Cringe in two words.
Yeah put a stamina bar in because this and that game did it... F*&% your game and F#%!@  your couch!
It really makes you feel like dark souls
Wait it's all devil may cry?    🔫 Always has been.
Ever since the first Zelda/Mario games on NES I've always said that almost every game copies their design to a degree. But it was really obvious with Ocarina of Time, most games to this day copy design elements from that one.
Thats why I learned gwyns theme on piano
As we can see dunkey is like a witches brew if dark souls, legend of zelda, and meth.
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice really makes you FEEL like Batman
There's a little of Dark Souls for everyone.
Having a dodge roll mechanic = dark souls ripoff
Idk man, its just easy to convey the sense of something to someone by comparing it to something they already know. When speaking to a large audience, you've got to dumb it down a bit and comparison is the easiest way to provide the audience with a sense of what the game plays or feel likes, or what it bases its core mechanics about. Making comparisons is basically shorthand to let you know whether you'll like it or not
There's no such thing as originality
The problem is not enough games copy Knack 2, the greatest game of all time.
this video felt like it was 20 minutes long
Saying every game nowadays is copying Dark Souls is ridiculous.  If that were true then they would be good.
Death Stranding was it's own thing and now there are all those ripoff strand type games everywhere
I wouldn't call this "Originality in Video Games", rather "Originality in Video Games Journalism"
Every game is dark souls. Got it
Any game that lets you roll; DARKSOULS!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have no idea what dunkey is trying to say here but I feel oddly compelled to disagree with him.
Originalty in Video Games Journalism*
This video is like Dark Souls night at Doug Bowser's house
real
Ok. You want originality go play early arcade games. Turns out most original ideas are bad ideas.
this video is like the trailers of inception and the matrix:reloaded combined, but with a staminar bar
See, I know what all this means, and you know what all this means, but what about people who haven't played every game?  Children don't know most of today's inspirations, and anyone who didn't grow up playing games don't either.  It'll only get worse with time.  In 50 years, do you think ANYONE will have any idea what a "Metroidvania" is?
The graphics get better and the maps get larger but mechanically we are still playing ps2 era games. Gaming since a kid on the nes you used to see huge jumps per console generation in terms of what games had to offer until it stalled out at ps2/xbox. Vr is the only new development
When it comes down to it, every game is a knack-off BAYBEE.
where are the pong inspired games
Without saying a word, this both excoriates games for being unoriginal and reviewers for not knowing how to describe anything without comparisons.  Which is it harder on?  That's for you to decide.
Time to sit and watch a video from the best game journalist on the internet before watching the new nintendo direct. Today is a good day.
Dunkey has clearly taken some inspirations from Will Smith.
"This is just Tetris but not as good"  me when play video game
Who has a list with all the games here? 📃
what is the first game tho??
This coment section is like...
I'm guessing your point is that you're tired of so many new games being like dark souls and BOTW, but every new game is copying other games. It's become exponentially harder to be original in most art forms and media in the 21st century because almost everyone has access to almost everything ever made, so it's nearly impossible to create something free from influence to produce something original. Like try making an entirely new sport or a new type of clothing, it'll still be a lot like something we already know. And the last "original" game was Death Stranding, a weird movie with 40+ hours of mailman simulator in between scenes. Shooters will have a shooty thing, platformers will have some way to platform, Nintendo games will have Nintendo stuff, etc.  And people naturally categorize things to make them easier to understand (literally why stereotypes exist and are so hard to unlearn), so when they say it's blank mixed with blank, that's just how our brains work. If the games journalists didn't mention the inspirations, you'd then be mad that they didn't call out the blatant similarities. They probably shouldn't open with the comparisons, but start with introducing the world and mechanics of the game.
This is Just like dark souls
perhaps less of a problem with the games itself but lazy video game journalists who don't know what to say so just say it's like something else we've heard of
"Capitalism breeds innovation."
I would rather say the creativity in game reviews is going down the drain.
Woah Dunkey. You forgot about the Lovecraftian Metroidvania Roguelikes. See? Plenty of original ideas around.
I don't see much issue in comparing a game to another to give a frame of reference. Many of these comparisons weren't even that far fetched and nor were the entire reviews just focused on the comparisons
That bird game is trash lol
Now that you point it out, yeah. That's really annoying.
This video is like a video but made with other videos
Don't forget that GTA is just a Frogger rip off
It's a shame we don't see more strand type games
If your game doesn't look like Dark Souls or Zelda don't even release it
Dunkey has one line in this whole video and it was great.. this whole thing is great its sad to see dark souls breath of the wild strand type games
This is how I've felt about games for the past few years.
Damn you seem to spend a lot of time on IGN content. You must be their biggest fan.
We need a BOTW, dark souls and strand type of game :D
The elevator pitch of this game seems like a Zelda-esque strand type doom game, the game systems have similar complexities to that of knack and bookworm adventures 3 ,with an art style derived from Minecraft and hades, gameplay similar to that of Kirby's dreamland mixed with Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice and a soundtrack that is clearly just a knockoff of Dexterion, The Ultimate Annihilator of the evil dominion: Under Cyborg Demon's Armageddon Battle – Fate of the cryptic world in cybernetic trooper's hands' insane soundtrack.
This Dunkey guy is clearly inspired by Will Smith
uncle dunkey when will you learn, Every game that was ever made is a Dark Souls rip off.
Every game now is literally *That but with this,* and it's pissing me off.
does anyone know the game at 2:08 ?
Ign clearly rips off dark souls
Isn't this true for any media form?
Originality in Video Games Criticism
You know which game was original?      Death Stranding
Boi, I sure wish I was a video game journalist myself ☹
I get that calling everything "like X" is lazy commentary, but how else would you summarize a game with similar mechanics or game-feel quickly?  I legit don't know.
so in conclusion only bubsy 3d and knack are the true original video games.
Thank God I have Death Stranding at home. It's the only *strand type* of game
Climbing = breath of the wild Dodge roll = dark souls Brutal combat = dmc Rpg elements = skyrim Top view = diablo
Me and the fellas were joking that it’s a lot like a cosmic gumbo
Every video game ever made is either Dark Souls and/or Zelda.
It has a little something of everything.
this city builder took inspiration from dark souls and breath of the wild
Second comment on a Nintendo video, they straight up took inspiration from human lust as depicted in their brothels chains in 1940s
Dunkey barely said anything through out the video and it's funny ass hell
I feel like this is more about the repetitive mundane way games journalists talk about games in their reviews
This comment draws much inspiration from the video that you just watched
The fact is demon/dark souls was basically the last original game of its genre
i think it's originality of video game reviewers
I think this says more about originality in video game commentators than it does originality in video games.  Like IDK what you want. Mechanics are the words that make up the language of games.  You don't invent a new language every time you have something to say.
Death Stranding was original.
It really makes you *feel* like a Zelda-like Dark Souls knock-off with elements from Kingdom Hearts, God of War, and Subnautica.
Dark souls dark souls, dark souls dark souls dark souls. Soulsian soulsbourne dark souls soulslike.
Writing game reviews has to be the easiest job in the world.
This is the gex dark souls knack 2 bugsnax strand mario donkey kong of youtube videos
funny dunkey.
Wait....so its all just dark souls and zelda?
"It's like Skyrim.. with guns!"
Literally any game with a melee weapon is Dark Souls.
And yet again we see that Death's Stranding is ahead of it's time. Creating the first 'Strand' Type game never before seen in the gaming industry
So basically Zelda and Dark Souls are very influential.
Just like music and art
If you can be reductive enough then no game is original.  Every game is just copying chess.
You can see that this video takes heavy inspiration from dark souls.
yo fuck that guy reviewing curse of the dead gods that game didn't rip off hades it drew inspiration from darkest dungeon, grrr goddammit im so mad I jus- where's my twitlonger?!
Dark Souls cribs the vast majority of it's gameplay ideas from Dark Souls
Thank god someone else has this pet peeve
Honestly, whilst I appreciate there is humour in stitching it all together, ultimately it seems like a jab at standing on the shoulders of giants. That I'm not a fan of, the number of games released every year that aren't clearly derivative of another game is usually 0, and on the rare year someone truly breaks new ground in the medium, it's usually shit like all first iterations of things.  Describing games in terms of other games is far more compact and comprehensible than trying to reinvent the wheel of adjectives, and even if you do, folks will just say "oh, so like dark souls", being upfront about it is best for everyone.  Celeste, BotW, Dark Souls, none of these games are actually very original if you know where to look, let's be less concerned on original, and more concerned on quality of execution.
You know you've hit it big when people use your game to describe the gameplay style of other games.
point made, not a word said. OP
that's it, creativity of people minds is limited and every one single game it's just a combination of other games, so maybe we have to wait for decades to see new fresh knack
@swaggersouls what are you doing in this video.
Breath of the Wild is the Dark Souls of Zelda games whereas Dark Souls is the Zelda of Souls games
Hi, I'm Video Game. You may remember me from such other video games as Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls.
How to make a video game review. Compare it to dark souls or major Nintendo game. 10/10
dunkey is like girlfriend reviews with a bit of jon tron and dark souls knack MARIO BROS 2 BABY
Its all dark souls?
10/10 There is a little dark souls to everyone
There is no originality in anything include most of your thoughts.  Originality doesn't sell.
I hate video games again now. Thank you dunkloo
6/Dark Souls.  not Enough Darksouls to be compared like Darksouls because this is not Darksouls-like
So all modern videogames draw power from the first 4 videogames to ever exist Dark Souls Zelda Devil May Cry Bayonetta   Videogames did not exist before those titles
Always good to see original content. This video definitely pays homage to Crowbcat, and calling it NakeyJakey without Naked Jake would be accurate.
"So is the problem with journalists being so inept they can only describe games with other games, or developers being so lazy they only make games with mechanics form other games?" "Yes."
This video is funny and all, but I really think this is a conversation that needs more traction. The market for, not just games, all media has become oversaturated. Every game developer/publisher is chasing after the coat tails of the person in front of them, and in turn is stagnating the creativeness of the medium. This is what has the mobile market so messed up, and what has triple A companies losing out to indie developers. Everyone is trying to play it safe to make money, instead of expressing creativity and creating unique products. God look at the MMO market and WoW. This in turn is bleeding into the consumer base. We're becoming desensitized to this, and leaping at every little difference and defending companies because "no other game is combining a, b, AND c". People have become so jaded towards change, and it's sad. Everything is rehashed something else.   What makes games like BotW, as an example, so huge isn't that "oh you can climb stuff, stamina, and cooking". It's because it challenged its own IP and took a huge risk in change of its design to create something that felt unique. All these companies keep, seemingly, looking at its individual parts and ignoring the context that put these well received games where they are today.  Argument I keep seeing, "Oh but the graphics are cleaner in this rehashed game".. Upgraded graphics are the easy way out of this exact problem. No one can come up with a unique idea, so lets just cram time and money into making this hair blow in the wind and sweat glisten on the skin. And the general consumer base eats that shit up. Blows my mind. Graphics didn't make Undertale such a huge hit. Graphics don't make Kenshi one of the top rated games on steam. In the same way that climbing doesnt make BotW so highly rated. Creative freedom, and player agency. Something companies have continually failed to capture as a whole.  Shit, this is why Minecraft and Skyrim is still so popular 100 years after they came out.
3rd person with dodge system = dark souls
Game: *breathes*  "Playing this game has elements of Breath of the Wild with Dark Souls difficulty"
People overrate originality and overestimate how creative you need to be to make an interesting product.  Observing the world around us, having personal experiences, and sharing ideas with people, has always been the root of creativity. Its about constructively sharing a common experience with a personal twist.  There's no need to reinvent the wheel every time. You dont criticize pasta alfredo because "its just pasta marina with a different sauce". Heck, why go that far. Even a single dish like pasta marina can be made with a different spice blend, a different cooking method, different cooking timing even and the experience can still be considered fresh. Not every creation needs to reinvent the wheel.  Basically, if you always try to buy the latest iPhone but think every game is a knock off of zelda or dark souls you clearly not thinking things through.
"So this games made to be like... and then like... and then it goes like... but its unique and theres nothing like it!"
Watching this video makes me feel like the exaggerated swagger of a black teen
Makes me wonder if any of these reviewers have played dark souls
this is one of those dunkey videos where I have no idea what the point of it is
This video took inspiration from dark souls
Here's the irony: nobody has really copied Dark Souls 1. Even FromSoft failed miserably to capture it in their own sequels. What gets copied is things like difficult bosses requiring fairly precise timing of block/dodge/parry.. or a bleak, literally dark world. But those alone aren't really what made DS great, nor are they even the most important bits. DS set a mood and tone with an interesting and detailed world and it made an incredibly cohesive, interconnected world that made palpable, it felt real.. not like a patch of "levels" with load screen gates.   Nobody ever copied this because it is so difficult. Even FromSoft either failed or stopped trying (so far).
So every game is either a rip off of Dark souls, zelda or devil may cry
Everything is derivative, but this is more of a critique of the reviewers than the games themselves.
I enjoyed this video! The compilation of clips takes from the format of meme channels such as Daily Dose Of Internet and Unusual Videos, while the commentary and editing is reminiscent of Dunk Tank and Dark Souls cutaway scenes.
It has a little something for everyone
This video is heavily inspired by Crowbat
wait until you hear music!
This video is like the Knack of _Knack_
Thanks, Dark Souls
Dunkey you're literally the dark souls of youtube. Also, quit ripping of Zelda Breath of the Wild with these Devil May Cry influenced video's please.
You either make an open  world game or you make an open world game
This video made me feel like batman
Love the journos saying there's nothing like this game but it's alot like all these other games
I think it’s more IGN doesn’t have anything original to say
_Dunkey is a comedy video game reviewer thats impossible not to draw parallels to shows like Angry Video Game Nerd and Classic Game Room._
Like
and its so fucking pathetic how those idiots always seem to forget that games before those existed, and it's usually in a "CLEARLY IT'S A REFERENCE." GOD FUCKING DAMN """CLEEARLRLYLYLYLLYLLYLYYYY HRURRURR DURRURR HUCLEWAAARRLYYYY" gOd those fools get me goin
I hate the way these people are so disrespectful
The guy at 2:08 got a point.
Genshin impact is great.
"-because Breath of the Wild made it so that's just in every open world game now." Guess none of these guys played games like Shadow of the Colossus
Journalism is a cancer.
Cuphead clearly took a ton of inspiration from Dark Souls for it's difficulty and The Legend of Zelda for it's open world top down view map!
do a video on stalker anomaly
It's all connected
I gotta admit dunkeys videos remind me of the strand type of games
Every IGN compilation makes my blood boil like dark souls with a little shit my pants humor like Legend of Zelda Breath of the wild
Katamari Damacy is the 6v6 popular shooter Binding of Isaac as Minecraft's Pay to win is to Tekken dungeon crawlers.
If Dark Souls is the inspiration to all video games for the rest of time, where did Dark Souls get its inspiration from?
Breathing clearly draws inspiration from the wind, as it is moving air around. Breathing changes things up by changing what the air is made of.
Genres exist
No wonder why my hoy of gaming is fading, every single game is the fucking same. Without mentioning the rare indie gem.
every game is dark souls
This channel is a unique cross between JonTron and Ben Shapiro, with obvious influence taken from dunk souls
The internet made it a Meme so it’s cool right?    Right!??
If I've learned anything from studying architecture, it's that iterations are how you make masterpieces :D. Also, this is probably why I got stopped playing as many games lol
I feel strand
What game is 2:10?
Great video Dunk!
It finally dawned on me today, you’re basically the Froggy fresh of the video game world. And I love it.
video games are dark souls inspired and like zelda breath of the wild
I hate-liked this, well done
I like that the topic is a lack of originality in games, yet each of these reviews are the exact same minus the voice and game.
"hard game" = dark souls
*Zelda* is the *Darksouls* of game reviews
This is why knack 2 is the greatest game. 100 percent original with refreshing gameplay. Knack 2 really makes me feel like knack when I play it every day
I can't tell if this is more of a critique of the video game industry constantly ripping itself off, or of the video game journalism industry that continually can only say which video games are like which video games instead of making their own observations.
this is a crowbcat type of content i like good job dumbsky
ironic how all the journalists seem to be incapable of delivering original journalism.
This is why I'm stoked on Lemnis Gate
more like originality in video games journalism....
Jesus even the comments are full of repeat Dunkey jokes. I’ll try too-  omg this video was such a knack souls 2 rip off XD (this is a strand type comment)
Truth
*battle pass*
It's almost like video games journalism is a completely worthless medium
What can I say, good games are good
Indie games on Steam that describe themselves as _Inspired by 'popular game'_ in their descriptions
It’s funny how it makes echeos to what I say to my Game Design students : don’t just drop the name of another game as a genre to describe yours.
Hey Dunkey, keep up the great work. I love the videos you make, they always have me grinning ear to ear whenever I watch them. I've followed you for awhile now and I'm always impressed and delighted with the direction you take your content, I wish only the best for you and your career.
I love you dunkey. seriously, you express and voice those internal rages i feel in such a way. i really needed this video. god fucking damn people can be obtuse and blind, always saying what it looks like, always a comparison, never the thing itself.
I really can't wait to release my first game and then listen to people telling me all about the games I've never even played that my work was clearly inspired by
this video is a bit like kickloop but more like death stranding dunkview
I wish he checked the review on zelda to see what they compared it to and kept going back and back until we get to pong
Videos that make you think about the state of gaming and how everything borrows ideas from somewhere are why dunkey is still one of the best content creators out there.
There was really nothing wrong with some of these observations to be honest.
I mean, this is a tried and true marketing method to say, “if you like this thing, you might like this other thing”. Literally everything that’s ever been made can be compared this way to things before it
There's a little bit...for everyone...
Dark souls ruined games
Deathloop is like dark souls, he's right tbh it's a straight clone.
I like how you've made a point clear, without rambling for 15 minutes about it
Dunkey’s style is borrowing heavily from the likes of Gex and Knack with just a little bit of Reggie
Ayo we all know that earth is a clear rip off of Mars right
meanwhile in 1988  the new mario 3 is heavily inspired by mario and mario 2
It's funny how Gaming is now more than 3 decades old and reviewers still expect every game to be original
I love you
Cant wait for this video to get age restricted for nudity and terrorism
I... don't know how to take this.  Is it a simple observation on the fact that games constantly draw inspiration from one another, creating some sort of endearing everchanging global community of developers (which I think it's pretty cute and heartwarming), or is it a cynical, depressing take on the fact that nowadays it's pretty much impossible to find a new original idea? I gathered a little bit of both.
What I learnt is Video Game review writing, is less original than Videogames.
Gaming journalism everyone 👏
Now this game, is completely original and it's inspired by nothing.
This is nit-picking and biased.  I win. Bye bye.
This comment is inspired by countless ones before it in an attempt to be funny and fresh but is ultimately one you're read before.
This. Yeah this is why I don't watch game reviews from pretentious elitist companies lmfao
Wait so it’s all just Bayonetta👨🏾‍🚀?
You got originality in deathstranding but i guess it was just way too origional for some people
"Originality in Video Game Reviews"
We don’t deserve Dark Souls.
Video game journalism 😪😪😪
Nobody:  Every new game: sOuLs LiKe ComBaT
This truly is the Dark Souls of souls likes.
They referenced all these videos game and not even a single mention of the grandfather of video game: Among Us and Fortnite? Ridiculous
"Dark souls 3 has clearly taken alot of influence from the hit manga berser... Dark souls 1"
The game makes you FEEL like Dark Souls
Eldest Souls the Original Dark Souls
Dunkey you are clearly forgetting the originality of the STRAND type game.
Knack is too powerful to be compared to other games
The question of originality should be formulized as ,,Are games unoriginal because the good ideas are few and far between or does everlasting will of big publishers and owners to go by already carved, proven and easy money path make it so that they do not experiment much at all?''
This comment borrows heavy from Dark Souls
This video takes heavy inspiration from donsly, with a bit of bunky, and dumbass to boot.
This doesn't sound like the same old donkey
The way I would describe this phenomenon, before even watching this video, is while these high end games set a standard, its not really them copying directly or stealing game mechanics, it's  them taking what works so they can try an progress and entirely unique story to make for a different experience.  Them saying "it's like this," is to associate the gameplay with quality.   While it might get repetitive, this just means it's all the better, when new games hit that gold mine of originality and niche mechanics.  Subnautica and Among us come to mind, which is why I say people should never sleep on indie developers.  It doesn't make those other games bad, it could be considered them progressing the genre with those unique combinations, and seeing what innovations can be made.
Does anyone know what 0:20 is?
Dark souls is clearly the greatest game ever conceived by man by the sound of it.
This is the Dark Souls of Strand Type videos
In case anybody think this is a recent thing, you clearly haven't been paying attention. We all stand on the shoulders of giants, and rarely does anything get released that's wholly original.
the game really makes you FEEL like zelda
I think that people just naturally like comparing things or trying to provide a frame of reference when reviewing a product no matter how unique a game is
This is the game ever made :D
This video borrows heavily from other strand-type videos such as “Collector’s Edition”
some how i can see those guys reviewing demon souls for the ps5 and saying it got his inspiration from dark souls...
Originality is dead these days.  Also, Dark Souls took inspiration from Zelda.
*am born* reviewer: his life clearly takes inspiration from Dark Souls
Looking forward to BIG Dark Souls in January.
Zero mentions of Knack.  That proves that no one can copy that masterpiece.
You'd have to be brain-dead to not realise God of War is a blatant remake of 1080 Snowboarding
It's all like the movie Joker which took inspiration on my buddy eric's life
2:10 Shadow of the Colossus: "Am I a joke to you?"
Thia vid took a lot of inspiration from Dark Souls
this video is kind of like that jake paul fight mixed with harambe
Oh wow, this game takes elements of another games, classic
mario is just a shamless ripoff of jump bug
I had a feeling there would be a dunk video today... does he have an actual upload schedule?
In summary, game reviewers have a shit reputation for a reason
I almost want to make a parody game review channel that never reviews the game and only compares it to other games. Wait...
Been waiting on this for XX years.
The elevator pitch for the spiritual successor of Glover, Glove Souls, takes alot of the elements of Gex and Dance Dance Revolution. The game really makes you FEEL like you're Knack
It angers me yet at the same time is true as fuck. Always have to be comparisons even if they're ignorant.
every game after 2011 is basically just like dark souls
At this point game journalists are the most uninspiring and simple mind people to ever at this point any original games just Dark Souls in disguise and also their d¡p$h¡t
come on don''t start acting like yall want original games all the sudden lmao
This feels like a Crobcat video... wait... IS NOTHING ORIGINAL?
Remember kids, there is no such thing as originality anymore.
this is like playing dark souls at zelda's house
Yet you shit on strand-type games
Just make Devil May Zelda Souls: Rogue Eternal so we only ever have to play one game ever.
More dunksouls
I do not give two flying fucks about Dark Souls
There is no originality just different colors
There are so many genre-defining games in our minds now thanks to 40 years of gaming history, so it's hard not to make comparisons.  Devs use good ideas from other games because they're good ideas, that's normal.  The problem now is how to straddle the line between inspiration/homage and a complete knockoff.  New ideas are rare, so we must treasure them even if they're bad.  Some games will create new templates to emulate, and some will be Death Stranding.  Now every dev knows to never do Death Stranding again.  See?  Progress.
a little bit of dark souls for everyone
Guess the game I'm thinking of. Metroidvania with a little bit of dark souls sprinkled with a little breath of the wild on top.            Yup. Its Club Penguin. CLASSIC
"There is nothing new under the sun"    -IGN, 10/10
Dark souls Legend of Zelda Uncharted Mario God of War and Hades so thats how many games there in the world the rest are duncopies.
Every game is like Dark Souls Too hard for these fucking nitwits
All I'm hearing from this is that game journalists don't know how to do anything except throw down buzz word after buzz word in a desperate attempt to retain gamer interest
Fuck i wanted him to actually talk about this instead of just showing us what we all know is going on
is this why video games are starting to not feel fun anymore? because its the the same 6 games remixed and reskinned over and over again?
Now try this with Factorio
king dunk, i started watching some of your streams here lately. Really enjoy watching them. Would like to play games with you Papa John
the dark souls of strand type games
The problem lies not with the "unoriginality" of the games, but rather the "unoriginality" of those reviewing them. Reviewers and critics fixate so much on what they already know instead of what new experiences these separate creations can present them with. There are only so many "good" game mechanics/styles that can exist anyway so why force developers to tread new ground and make potentially lesser games for the sake of being "original" rather than just looking at their creations as separate works and giving them their own fair and unbiased chances?  Literally everything in life is derivative.  Every thought or idea a person can have is influenced by what happens around them and/or what they've experienced before. Why not simply try to enjoy the subtle differences rather than target and label what you've seen before as "unoriginal" or "overdone"? Every day new people are born that have had *no* exposure to the things we might find bland or cliche and to them these "unoriginal" works could be their first introduction to the very same mechanics and stories that we ourselves grew to love so much that we drove ourselves to become jaded cynics through overexposure.
capitalism baby
Dunkey is a little bit like Pewdiepie but black.
Journalists seem incapable of describing the merits of a game without drawing comparison to something else. It's lazy when film critics do it with a movie, and it's just as bad with games.
This is like that time I played Zelda at Dark Souls' house
These games all remind me of the classic: killbutt 2
What a brain dead take… yes reviewers compare games to each other, it’s the easiest way to compare similar things. That’s what happens you remove all the nuance and try to sum things up in one sentence.
anyone know what the game at 0:28 is please? thanks
Of course not one comparison to Knack, because Knack is so unique and untouchable
This is the Dark Souls of originality
Is the criticism  of originality should not only be the burden of the game but the burden of the critic. The critic paints the picture for us and can lead us astray or follow a path that can be explained lazily by dropping generic titles to describe a games mechanics/gameplay/style.
Spot on. A compilation of game reviewers using the term "love letter to ___" would also be greatly enjoyed.
I almost thought this was going to be a dunkey video without dunkey
dunkey reviewing hollow knight be like
I'll take a Double Triple Breath Of The Wild inspired gameplay on a raft, four by puzzle of The Legend of Zelda, extra quirky dialogue with a Metroidvania and a squeeze, RPG mechanics, make it roguelike, burn it, and let it Soulslike.
guys what if we made a game that was like breath of the wild AND dark souls?
this video really made me FEEL like a games journalist
the funniest part was were nobody mentioned the "stranded type" games, they are everywhere this days
I haven’t played Deathloop, but I’m dying to know how it could possibly be a combination of Dishonored, Hitman and Dark Souls, three games that are NOTHING alike!
I want a video game.
This video really makes you feel like Dark Souls
The very least they could do is actually deliver on the "zelda-like gameplay". SMH
This is how creativity works. It's not big bang spontaneous creation from a vacuum. The video is a better commentary on how shit game reviews are if you ask me.
Coming up with a truly original idea is impossible, that's not how computers work. It has to be a conflagration of elements you've already experienced. Every idea in human history has just been an improvement and combination of stuff we already know. Good video though Equidae/10.
dunkey i really enjoy  your videos while drunk
It has a little bit for everyone
Thank you dark souls
Every game with a check point and a health bar is dark souls
The most unique game that doesn't copy others is Life of Black Tiger. It's a classic.
This is kinda how innovation works in humans though. Every "new" idea is built off of other ideas, it's just how people work
Why are you pretending breath of the wild was original?
IGN is going to have to change how they introduce games in their reviews now.
This video sort of reminds me of Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VII
I can't accurately describe the amount of anxiety this video gave me...
I think this is more of reviewers having less creativity in describing games then the games not having their own creativity. They only equate a game to something they have played before instead of explaining more of what makes it special. All games borrow concepts from all other games. All games are either 3d or 2d have some sort of puzzle and action that's what makes a game a game.
WW2 Historian: It's very similar to medal of honor
Originality in Video Game Reviews
nobody has more checkmark comments than bumkey
Remember when ever first person shooters was called a doom clone? Pepperidge Farm remembers
OK but literally every art form draws inspiration from something else. Originality manifests in combining styles and concepts found elsewhere in such a way that the resulting art seems wildly different. Even the first cave drawings were of things early hominids have seen before.   On that note there is nothing wrong with comparing similar games to each other. Pathologic is a very original game IMO but it's not like the concepts, themes, or gameplay can't be found in anything else. When I talk about the game to other people I might also talk about Soma, or Planescape, or existentialist literature like waiting for godot in order to describe it. That doesn't necessarily mean that Pathologic isn't also itself unique.
"This game is like hanging out with the Breath of the Wild in the Dark Soul's House" - Gex
What they failed to notice is that all of the above games are actually strand type games borrowing heavily from Hideo Kojima death stranding, which as we all know is the only original game ever made...
Psychology actually tells us that there is no such thing as an original idea. Any idea worth having has been done thousands of times before. All humans can do is just mix things into our own little concoction to try to make something that resembles originality. That being said I'm not too sure if Dunkey is ripping on the game developers themselves or the game critics themselves saying the same exact shit over and over. The only thing I can say about this video for sure is that League of Legends does indeed suck a lot of dick.
And to think that Dark Souls takes inspiration from Zelda....
This is like earthbound with rouge like elements similar to Hades and and bits of metriodvania which come from the metriodvania games. Dark souls
And that's the reason why there are only 7 good games
Hard to ignore the dark souls and breath of the wild influence in this video.
What a banger from Evan Boldt
This is like
Hmm pixel side scroller= dark souls
Lazy video
I think this video is a little misleading. A lot of game reviewers like to compare new games to the closest possible game from the past. This gives their viewers something to relate to to help them understand the new game. I don't think these reviewers are a good indication of how much originality there really is in the industry
I saw for Honor and thought it was a zanny video, but dunkey is fun too.
a rip roaring romp in the vein of super mario 2
I’ve never seen a video like a VideoGameDunkey video but if I had to I would say it’s a mix of a ScottTheWoz and MagiKarpUsedFly video with a sprinkle of NakeyJakey and Dark Souls.
I cant tell if this is supposed to criticize the games, the journalists, or both
I hate when people describe games with an "elevator pitch" because it just shows how much more important making a game marketable is to making it good. Elevator pitches are made for business ideas.
This is like playing dark souls at Dante’s house
Madden NFL 22's gameplay is basically Madden NFL 21, but with the action and energy of Madden NFL 20. Fans of Madden NFL 7 will notice its influence, as well as that of Madden NFL 19 and Madden NFL 18, with clear inspiration from Madden NFL 17. It borrows elements from Madden NFL 16, and is a throwback to the Madden NFL 15 style of games with graphics that you might see in Madden NFL 14. You know the elevator pitch for Madden: do it like Madden, but add 1.
What's the game at 2:11?
originality in game reviewers
"Capitalism breeds innovation."
"Wait, it's all Dark Souls?" "Always has been" *YOU DIED*
Ign reviewers are like "ya this games got a skyrim like open world experience but with the combat of dark souls and the online experience of gta but with weapon depth you see in call of duty and the replayability of mario 64 and the parcour elements from mirrors edge with a special guest appearance from the guy that was in cyberpunk but with a more indie twist to it thats perfect for switch and writing that parallels the the great mind the the hypothetical child\ (consensual) between m knight shyamalan and hideo kojima so a little somethin for everyone" and be talkin about glover for playstation.
Genshin impact just a clone lol
Bloodbourne is borrowing from Dark Souls.
"Far Cry 3 is like Skyrim with guns."  COME ON DUNKY how you gonna miss that?
While it's true that many popular games take inspiration from other popular games for the most part it's not really fair to expect every new game to be a totally unique and fresh experience imo. I mean one of your most anticipated games is just a sequel to a Mario game that is trying to be like early 3D Mario games is it not? And there is honestly nothing wrong with that. Also, I'm pretty sure that these reviewers are mainly making these comparisons to give the casual viewer/gamer a quick and easy idea of what kind of game it is they're talking about.
I love how this is making fun of both new games a game critics
a copy of a copy of a
Video games relying too much on established conventions has become a problem, but it has just as much to do with the consumer as with the developers. It’s easier to sell people on SPIRITUAL SEQUEL than on a new experience that isn’t totally refined
Is this a bad thing? Comparing things is natural in all languages
this was the longest 3 and a half minutes of my life
Couldn't have said it better myself
Originality doesn’t exist
Hahahaha. Don't forget how everything is a "love letter" to everything else.
Dark Souls 4 has taken inspiration from past games like Bloodbourne.
Me: wait, Its all zelda and dark souls? Dunkey: always has been
Yes it's true there's no games except for dark souls and zelda you can't argue with that all all the rest are just cheap knockoffs
Is this the Dk 64 review?
Arse Souls
There's nothing like this game (proceeds to name games like it)
This is the breath of the wild of videos that criticize game reviewers.
Any game with dodging is dark souls
Love 2 borrow things heavily and shamelessly
this was exhausting to watch
Been waiting for a vid like this. Still waiting for you to top 'Tetris'. That's quite the challenge.
i dont get the point you're trying to make with this video. Everything you like...EVERYTHING...is a re-imagining or combination of things that came before.  We are constantly evolving, not manifesting from scratch. If we only praised games that did that, we'd hold like maybe 10 games in the history of video games up on that pedestal. Comparisons help gamers determine what new games will be like based on previous gaming experiences they may have had. This is like the Dark Souls of unnecessarily vague criticism videos.
How did you edit all of this. Jfc fuckin legend
Anyone else expect him to start talking in an essay style at one point of the video but it was over
This latest dunkey video borrows heavily from crowbat, and we'd be remised if we didn't call that out here.
Maybe this is why I feel that I can't find any new good game; They're all just copy's of eachother
For real though, dig through obscure shit on itchio and you will find some original, bizarre games
When everything is Dark Souls, nothing is.
What’s that second animated clip from ???????????
Kinda wish videogame marketing didn't rely almost entirely on mentioning other games. Make it your own thing, man. Even if it does have eerily similar features, we can talk about games without bringing up other games.
This video game really makes you *feel* like you're playing Dark Souls
This is like if dark souls was a flight sim with a little bit of minecraft.
Not seen: a strand type game
Lawl just let games be their own.
And nobody cites Shadow of The Colossus with its stamina-based gameplay as an inspiration for BOTW.
originality in "journalism"
This game really makes you feel like you’re playing a video game
Thanks to Dunkey for being the most original of all time.
Any Open-World is ripping off Zelda Botw now
If the point of the video is to say genres exist, it's about half a century late.
But is it good
The comparison to Guilty Gear Xrd makes no sense
its not just video games its everything: art, literature, music our culture (if there exists a culture at this point) is literally incapable of creating new cultural forms which push it forward
How do you even FIND these clips?!?!
take inspiration from deez nutty lmao rekt
This video kinda makes every game look worse then they truly are. I mean yes a lot of these games are fun but it makes us realize that in recent times there hasn’t been a single game we can not compare with similar elements to. And i don’t want to be the one to say that we have so many games that coming up with new ideas is nowadays really hard
Donkeys are clearly inspirited on horses
oh wow news flash this industry is derivative
I don't get Jason's point. Comparison for the reader/viewer = bad? It's possible to do a video as long as this one with reviews on this channel with the same content picking 1 to 2 seconds of Dunkey mentioning another game. I miss Among Us Tuesdays
papa dunk is has something to say
berserk is a ripoff of dark souls
Alright I'm gonna be that one numbskull here: I don't really think being original is possible since a LOT has been done and inspirations are up the wazoo. It's easier to describe a game as "X meets Y" than it is to be original. Example of an idea I just came up with: Let's have people trapped in a zombie infested space station... kinda like Dead Space. Or maybe a skateboarding game, which will ALWAYS be compared to either Skate or the Tony Hawk games.   Originality in videogames is exceedingly difficult to come by since a tons been done already.
I stopped watching this guy when he started taking inspiration from Dark Souls
This video contains one part similar editing styles of a Crowbcat video, mixed with the sardonic humour of a Dunkey upload....
Clearly Donkey has drawn inspiration from the video game nerd combined with the sassy nature of game theory.
The real truth here is to not watch reviews until they start getting original. Even angry joe keeps repeating “four hours?!”  I blame college essays
this video made me mad
This comment section borrows heavily from Dark Souls
hey dunkey you should make a video with dunkey in it
Dunkey is the only person who only needs to talk for 10 seconds in a 3 and a half minute video and still make me laugh.
This video takes heavy inspirations from crowbcat from the style and the cuts but distinguishes itself by having more dunkey at the end
If you think about it every game stole a few ideas from Pong
Damn, seems like zelda might be good
This is kind of true for everything tough. Nothing is pure originality. Just different inspirations put together.
I saw a video called Halo ruined FPS games which talked about this topic if anyone wants some commentary/arguments
That's why i prefer Death Stranding cause it's an original and the first Strand type game
let's not beat around the bush: this youtube video video clearly draws inspiration from crowbcat
Dark Souls 3 is still my favorite "souls like" in the genre
We all know videogamedunkey has similarities to Zelda Breath of the Dark Souls
All original ideas have been done hundreds of times already.
wouldn't be "game journalism" without comparing something to dark souls
This video reminds me a little bit of Super Mario 64, Persona 2, and Sonic 3D Blast.
I think it's no secret that many games are inspired by popular, older games. It was kinda blatant after BotW that ~2 years after its release open-world games with similar mechanics and sometimes even art styles started popping up
Ok but what is that second game that’s more like Zelda then dragon quest 👀
It’s crazy to think video games even existed before Dark Souls. How did people even know what to make? Those were the true visionaries.
Everything is Dark Souls now
I like that you never hear a comparison to Half-Life. No one even tries to imitate.
Whats the lesson here i dont get it and im dissapointed
it really makes you feel like you draw inspiration from dark souls
But do you like Sekiro : Shadows Doe Twice?
Every game is inspired by dark souls if you're brave enough
While "the Dark Souls of…" is both lazy journalism and stupid marketing speech, introducing games in reviews with phrases like "draws inspiration from…" or "combines elements from games like…" is actually helpful for the audience to quickly understand a new game, its mechanics and ideas!
I've never played a Batman game before but after playing Knack and Arkham City a few years ago, Dark Souls really made me feel like Kevin Bacon.
"it's like skyrim with guns" -Don Cheadle, 2019
Does anyone listen to game journalists anymore?
Let's be honest here, most things have been done to death. This is why we see so many games that take heavy inspiration from past successful titles to the point that there is nothing original to define them on their own and instead they are being defined by other games. Even older titles are like that with Overwatch being a prime example of it - the game is basically a combination of Team Fortress2 and League of Legends, and that's a title that came out 2016 and you can bet that this style of defining and making games has been around for much longer than Overwatch.
I think the video game industry should come up and use subgernes names for video games more often. Imagine describing a grunge band and calling it nirvana like. "oh I like the rush they are so pinkfloydian" instead of saying" I like post rock..." Gaming journalism has become so blunt and opinionless
It's kinda hilarious that the exact same voices are heard several times throughout the video, I wonder what site they work for... lmao
UUUUUGH why do all these game 'critics' compare everything to dark souls! Is that what the cool kids do these days!? Hard combat games require pinpoint timing and high risk short term decision making. So yes, 'of course' this fallout shooter that is nothing like dark souls is now 'like dark souls'.
Taking inspiration from his father but crossed with aspects of his mother, all blended with environmental influences, this person can be best described as an offspring.
Is there any game Bridge of Spirits isn't like?
I'm surprised they didn't throw in the words "Metroidvania", "Soulslike" or "Soulsborne" since it seems that's all developers do these days 🤣
waiting for the Originality in Dunkey Clones vid
This is the dark souls of review responses.
This game really makes you feel like Dark Souls
We've been over this Dunkey. Every game is actually Dark Souls except for Dark Souls 3.
Dunkey, these people have families. At least let them know where they can find the bodies.
the fuck is a video game. i thought this was all things happening in reality.
Don't forget that every shoot 'em up is just like Touhou. And Touhou's just like Undertale.
You can tell it's a darksouls clone when it has -a thirdperson camera- -melee combat- -a dark, medieval artstyle- enemies you can dodge and kill. Darksouls invented dodging and killing enemies.
it's a Darksoulscracy!
It's funny because this feels like this video was inspired by Crowbcat
the insperation for minecraft was halo mixed with with terraria
I'm not sure if this is a reflection of lacking creativity among game developers or among game journalists describing said games. Or maybe both!
I feel for those who have perhaps never played any of these referenced titles.
Istg if I here the words “easy to learn hard to master” or “souls-like” from a journalist I immediately hate the game
___________ is the Simpsons of video games.
The irony of reviews talking about originality all sound the same.
Most if not all of these are reviews, so it sorta makes sense to me they would reference other games when trying to convey how a game plays/feels to someone. It's also an easy way to explain core game mechanics if they're already similar to another game.   I think overall I don't mind people referencing other popular genre defining games when trying to review another game, but of course, if it is done poorly a reviewer can easily sell a game short if they over simplify an aspect of it like this.
Dark Souls is the Berserk of video games.
I'll take a Soulslike fighter kart race deluxe edition on a Zelda, 4x4 Animal Crossing style, extra God of War with a Samus and a Hades, light Axl Low; make it Devil May Cry, Burnout it and let it Sims.
Yo you’re not wrong lol
I need to apply for a new loan, does Dark Souls have good interest rates for borrowing?
with that logic there has been nothing original made since pacman
This reminds me of New Years at Tom Hanks house
this video is why no mans sky is my most favorite game and the best open world game imo honestly tho name a better modern open world game than no mans sky that doesnt copy paste shit from dark souls and botw
It has a little something for everyone - 9/10
Darksiders 3 is like Dark Souls except Darksiders is complete bullshit
Dark Souls is the Death Stranding of SoulsBorne games
Guy who's only played dark souls playing his second game: "I'm getting a lot of dark souls vibes from this"
Safe to say that Zelda and Dark souls are the most influential series of all time       And Knack
There is nothing new under the sun
It's funny how dunky is slowly becoming a art indie game hipster without realizing it
Well, I can't agree that this is a bad thing (that's the tone I understood). Every idea is just a remix of known things.  Even Pong could have been best described as "It's like tennis" to people who don't know the game.   Building that kind of connection works best to convince someone to play a game/buy a thing. Because when we humans want to experience something, we want to have some kind of anchor to decide, "Will I like it or not?". Oh, I know tennis, maybe I'd like Pong too." Or today, "Oh, I like Dark Souls, maybe I'll like that game too."   And I'm of the opinion that you can't set a very good anchor with a genre like action-adventure, shooter, racing game, etc. either. We're so spoiled with so many video games that we only want to spend our time on things where we know we'll like them.   Still, the editing was good and the fact that the journalists used many of the same games as reference is pretty funny xD Some more variation would be good.
The gamer journos must really hate u now
Holy shit the editing in this video is seriously underrated. It’s so bloody good
This video is literally just "making a comparation is bad"                   Wich is clearly inspired from death standring
So you’re saying if I play dark souls I play every game ever made?
Hearing something is “like Dark Souls” almost has no meaning anymore because it’s been so abused and misused. Saying Nioh is like DS is perfectly fine, but when some idiot reviewer says a 2D platformer is “like DS” then they’re a fucking moron.   Any idiot can throw together a review in the digital age, but few are as erudite and well spoken as Dunk.
These descriptions help the modern gamer relate to the experience of the reviewer.
Surprised you didn't include Death Stranding. I guess that's because DS is a totally original, beautiful game with purely original mechanics and storytelling that is severely underrated and should be enjoyed by more people. I win thank you bye bye
there's a little bit of dark souls in everybody
If you think about it, Pop'n Twinbee borrows a lot from Limp Bizkit just sayin.
“This new “Pong” game takes a lot of influence from “Ping Pong”
Dang Sable has been on my wishlist forever and I was considering getting it, though I didn’t really know much about it besides the art style until it released today.
This video is a bit like Captcha and Best of E3. There’s a rhythm.
I feel like if you have to name more than two games to describe something in a game just say it’s a unique idea.
1:52 whats the name of that game?
What's the game at 2:10 ?
It honestly seems like they're just trying to give examples to better understand the games
Knack 1 clearly took inspiration from Knack 2
but these were all fair comparisons for the most part. But I cant believe he said "Dark souls with a heavy focus on ranged gun based combat"
In reality, every video game is a knockoff of the original strand-type game, Super Mario Bros. 2
"every game has a little bit of Dark Souls of the Wild inspiration" - Your average game reviewer
Lol I get the point, but like, all forms of entertainment, TV, movies, books, music, are going to draw inspiration from other works before them. I hope games do continue to come up with new ideas, and I do think we see a lot of new ideas lately. But of course we're going to always talk about what a new games inspirations are. It gives us an idea of what it will be like
It's confirmed guys any game that gives you any sort of challenge is a dark souls knockoff
Speaking of original. I recently beat Ghost Trick. Don't know any game like it in terms of gameplay.
"It has a little something for everyone" *Dark souls & Zelda*
first person shooters used to mostly be called "doom clones" so nothing has changed
I think a more appropriate title for this video is "game journalists using limited vernacular". There is not a single game that is 100% original. Art is inherently iterative since art is created by people who have ideas they want to share. These ideas are based off of their own experiences. Their experiences include what they think of others' art and how it affects them. If a developer today grew up playing Mario or Shadow of the Colossus or Halo or whatever, there's a good chance they really care about those pieces of art and it influenced their worldview, what matters to them, and what they want to create.  But yeah, game journalists are just bad at not repeating the same things over and over. That's my takeaway from this video.
no, he's right. games ARE like other games.
wonder if i can apply to these game journalism outlets for free paychecks
Now Elder rings is the breath of the wild of souls-like games.
Oh my everything is inspired by "Zelda breath of the wild" or "Dark Souls" very original, no?
Is the point to criticize game journalists and reviewers, or to say that games nowadays lack originality?
This video is a little bit of Hulk Hogan meets Jerry Garcia, with some clear inspirations from Knack
So what your trying to say is Dark Souls?
Is Dark Souls the Dark Souls of Dark Souls?
this video actually made me feel anxious
Its a nice video and all, and I do enjoy it, but I would think comparison is the easiest way to explain to someone what "something" is. I could invent a new color and someone could compare it to another. This would be best for something like review channels to do in order to make their review seem more legit or useful. The most unique game ive played in a while is Heat Signature, but it still has influence from top down twin stick shooters. "Originality" is pretty dead right now unless we make games that intentionally go way outside the box, which often doesnt follow the formula of innovation, which its just new ways to combine or create with things we already have. We would need something entirely new to make something original again. I wonder who has the next big idea, and I'm sad it isn't me.
Is it that games lack originality, or that video game critics are only capable of describing things in relational terms? "This thing is a bit like that other thing you are already familiar with." The problem being that the more widely you relate new games to one game in particular e.g. Dark Souls, the less that means.
This Video is comparable to similar styles of JonTron, YourMovieSucks, and Scott the Woz. Which of course is mixed with elements from Breath of the Wild
Why yes Elden ring will draw inspiration from dark souls
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls before Dark Souls became the Dark Souls of the Dark Souls genre and would eventually inspire Dark Souls
Ironically, the game industry is like the music industry, in the sense that people will make new things but there will always be a standard to hold the new to the old, eventually, if everyone makes every single type of concept, there won’t be anything original anymore.
Strand type games ain't looking too bad rn
listen I don't want to point fingers, all I'm saying is that *some* developers, I'm not saying who, have not forgotten the furtive pygmy...like at all.
This isn't a problem with the lack of originality but time constraints and budgeting. Developers say stuff like this to tell you what their independent game is like to attract already established large fanbases. It's easier and cheaper than trying to sell you an original idea which is harder to do. If a 3rd person game came out that was fast paced and hack and slash it would be easier to just say it's similar to DMC rather than spend 10 minutes trying to explain the gameplay concepts.  People's ears don't twitch when they hear original ideas. They twitch when they hear familiar names of titles they already like.  Edit-- On second thought this video might be poking fun at journalist's inability to actually critique games and calling all of them copy-cats.
no but darksiders 2 was an actual masterpiece
IGN: _sees a game with hack and slash_ "Is this Devil May Cry?"
All art is changing, twisting and modifying what came before. Nothing is completely original. And there is nothing wrong with this, and it's good.
"much like his other videos, Dunkey takes clear influence from his earlier videos"
This video is heavily inspired by other channels like Penguinz0 for having english voice audio
Strand type game
I feel a bit sad now
And that is the reason, why we love death stranding so much
I don't think it's bad
*Somewhere in an alternative abridged universe*  "So it's just like duel monsters"
crowbcat, dat you?
Here’s my elevator pitch: a souls-like rogue-lite with a breath-of-the-wild-style open-world and combat drawing heavily from Doom Eternal and Devil May Cry. It’s called “Tetris: Origins”
See dunky’s got a point here, that’s why he never compares games to other games in his reviews
I love ya Dunk, but this didn't demonstrate what your title describes.   It would be fairer to say that Video Game Reviews lack originality but to be charitable I'd say game reviewers are incentived to use major tent pole series as a reference point when describing a new game to easily convey the type of gameplay someone could expect from the title being reviewed.  That being said, fuck game reviewers.   Not everything is fucking Dark Souls but it's not like they give a shit, they know people are just looking for that sweet, sweet 8/10 to feel like they haven't been ripped off when they buy Myth of Zoltar - to Honour: Darkest God Spirits.
Also originality in IGN reviews
"Good artists copy, great artists steal" -Master Chief, from Splitgate
These reviewers should talk about the game their playing rather than always making a comparison to another game
When it comes to art in general, "originality" does not mean "something that hasn't been done". Originality means taking something, or multiple things, and making it your own by changing enough to make it stand apart from what inspired it.  It is NOT a negative thing to draw inspiration, rather it is impossible not to. SO don't hold it against games or artists unless they actually blatantly copy artwork and coding/animation
We all know Breath of the Wild invented Stamina bars and cel shading and Dark Souls invented difficulty and dodging mechanics
This is just “Simpsons did it” all over again
It’s not even that games are derivative of each other. Game critics have just given up on making any sort of useful commentary and just use the “X game is like *insert popular (preferably new) game*”. Dunkey is the Super Mario 64 of critics. See how easy it is?
Yo I been looking for relaxing pixel games to play and literally everytime I find a review I get hit with the, “This is a mix of Stardew and …” or “this is Stardew but with…”
it has a little bit souls for everyone
"ITS THE DARK SOULS OF ________" -IGN
tbh this is bad reviewing, if you cant describe what makes a game enjoyable without doing 20 callbacks, you have weak analytical skills regardless of how much you want to connect with an audience whos familiar with video games. reviewers should be looking to appeal to everyone, even those who are not familiar.
yeah mmorpgs are the worst when it comes to "originality" xd the only MMORPG i played that had some original stuff i didnt see yet in any other was dragons prophet with the cross breading of dragons and their skills.  and "geneses alpha on" had some pretty unique gameplay mixture/ original ideas
This is an interesting critique like a mix between Crowbcat and Jim sterling.
To be fair I don’t think pointing out similarities between certain game mechanics is bad (namely just noting that a climbing/stamina system is similar to zelda’s), but the issue really comes down to comparison without justification or importance.
There’s actually only 5 games. The rest are knockoffs
You do this a lot too, Mister Dunkey : )
This is the dark souls of videos mocking hack game reviews
doland, thanks for point this out
Games before dark souls: nothing
There are no new games. Only dark souls.
Beautifully savage
Game Reviewers are most untalented people to exist.
Any game with huge bosses and a dodging mechanism is "inspired by Dark Souls" these days.
Every game is dark souls now confirmed
I just think it’s so funny how 90 percent of the games inspired by dark souls look nothing like fucking dark souls
Journalists don’t know how to talk about video games without bringing up every other game that’s popular currently. It’s like constantly bringing up that doom metal bands “heavily borrow” from Black Sabbath in your reviews.
Intrinsically speaking it is impossible to not in someway be derivative of something else while it is possible to stray far away from most established play styles in gaming everything is in some way inspired by what came before it like how Death Stranding is inspired by the first Strand Type game Mario
It has a little bit of Dark Souls for everybody.
It as a little something for everyone
it's just like bideo gaem
Pokemon Legends Arceus 3 is great breathlike game. - the future
Dunkey is like a mix of AVGN and an extra chromosome.
yeah, the easiest way to describe something is to compare it to something else. what's the problem? and also there is that jedi game that has absolutely nothing original, there would be no other way to describe that frankenstein monster
Bruh how much money do you earn  off of these videos
dunkey, you are infinitely creative.  you should either make a new game or make a sketch comedy show for real
To be fair... All artists draw inspiration from their predecessors.  "No man is an island"- John Donne  And to paraphrase Descartes, there is no such thing as imagination in a vacuum. Everything we imagine is an amalgamation of thoughts and prior experiences. Can't imagine a color that doesn't exist.  That said, it would be nice to see more art in general take more risks and break tropes and cliches... But understandably more financial risk.
This video is clearly a rip off of many other reviews.  🤫
Every Dark Souls game is just a beefed up Contra, change my mind.
Botw stole like all the movement from cubeworld alpha. Change my mind
This game is a lot like drinking water at Jerry Garcia’s house
But does it make me feel like Batman
So just make a Dark Souls Zelda Devilmaycry game and it'll be the best game forever.
and yet you spurn Death Stranding, the first of it's kind, a strand type game
Clearly this 'videogamedunkey' has taken inspiration from other drama gaming channels such as Dream.
The more games that come out the more others can have aspects compared to...this is a dumb statement
dunkey has been blasting out these videos lately. Thank you very much Mr Donkey
Imagine trying to create something new in the 21st century
Dunkey's channel is so unique it's like pewdiepie crossed with MrBeast
With this reviews you can truly find the og game
there's nothing wrong with inspiration
There's a little bit of Gex in every Dunkey video
2:08 What game is this please?
Fun fact: no video games existed before 2011 when Dark Souls came out
This video like the dark souls and zelda mix of youtube videos
Dunkey is quite transparent with his inspiration from Jake Paul.
Everything ever made is inspired by something else
Is this Crowbat?
wow this is just like gex 🦎
Now that I think about it death stranding took a lot of inspiration from legend of zelda
thanks D
The 2D Zelda games on the NES and SNES actually draw inspiration from Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild
imagine spending hundreds of hours on a project only for it to be compared to something the game isn't
This is a Citizen Kane-like with a dash of Jurassic Park style combat.
More than just a commentary of games being made in the style of other genre defining games or even a commentary on the heavy reliance on referencing these games in game journalism as a sort of shorthand for describing a series of mechanics or aesthetics of a game… Dunkey’s video is really the Dark Souls of gaming commentary borrowing heavily from elements of Devil May Cry and Breath of The Wild. Truly a mastahpiece of genre defining gaming commentaries.
Comparison can be a good way to kinda let people know if they like a game, by comparing it to something more popular and well known; that said, way too many games journos compare things to Dark Souls, because they aren't very good at making more interesting comparisons.
This video is the dark souls of hypocrisy.
The game really makes you feel like Dark Souls Breath of the Wild
Will you leave these IGN Critics alone? They’re still complaining about your game critics videos. /s
this video definitely is a blend of Tekken 2 and Knack
This video took a lot of inspiration from Jontronshow and the Angry Joe Show.
I can't decipher the purpose of this video. Is it just meant to be mocking the overuse of reviewers using comparisons? In that case I kind of get it; they're definitely overused and can be a lazy tool, but they can also be pretty valuable when making legit comparisons. Or is it supposed to be trashing the actual lack of originality in games? Because like...yeah, that's how any art form works. When a medium's been around for decades or centuries, it's always going to become nigh-impossible to create anything that's truly 100% unique- there's only so much you can do with the tools of the art form, and you're always going to be drawing inspiration and influence (whether consciously or subconsciously) from the previous  examples you've experienced.
what I've learned today is every game is actually just the legend of zelda
dark souls remastered is the dark souls of remastered games
All right, I want Dark Souls, Zelda, Super Mario Bros. 2, Taiko no Tatsujin, Donkey Kong Country, Sekiro, Deathloop, Super Hot and Undertale. All in one game for the NintendoBox69 Steam edition exclusively on Epic Games.
To be fair, Demon’s Souls was literally the birth of a new genre
Why can't they just say "soulslike"
Aka: videogame journalists are shit and know about 3 games each.
try Monster Hunter and see whats the elevator pitch they gonna came up for, if they said DarkSoul im ready to punch them teeth off!
Every time they say its look like this game or this one I lost more and more interest in the game they're showing
Every game is laced with dark souls devoured by The Crunch :(
Breath of the Wild 2 draws heavy inspiration from Breath of the Wild 1. Please make your games more original Nintendo.
I can't tell if this is commentary on reviewers being unoriginal in their reviews or the massive impact those original titles made on the gaming community or the unoriginality of the titles being created today or a secret 4th option about a hidden temple in Amazon that legends tell of a secret "souls like" gem that grants the power of an extra stamina bar for climbing.  *AUUGGHHHAAAA?!*
I can't wait til more developers start to bring us strand type games.
How to get easy moolah: -play game -game is difficult -compare to darksouls -relase review 10/10 because you get paid from the publisher
Conclusion dark souls and legend of Zelda are the only original games in the world
Does someone know what's the game at 1:48?
Real Life is the Dark Souls of The Sims.
Congrats! You have arrived at: Originality in a Comment Section.
But which game was actually original?? The first strand type game
This is why we need Strand type games.
this is like a salad of bayonetta and devil may cry with zelda croutons and dark souls seasoning
It's like a first strand type game
Block and dodge roll? Dark souls Need to go back pick some stuff up? Metroid Climb and glide? Zelda obviously
The demon souls remake is to elden ring as Bloodborne was to dark souls 3. Change my mind.
…Remnant is pretty good tho.
Just a little bit more olive oil!
So real life is based on Breath of the Wild? Wow
There’s nothing truly original that most people don’t think is shit to be fair. Honestly I’m not sure a game that’s truly original in the way of you can’t plug different game’s individual mechanics into a general formula can really exist, which is why that method of description is so widespread. We’re all looking for something that’s familiar but a little different anyway, otherwise AAA games wouldn’t exist and extremely weird 2 hour indie experiments would be all the rage.
what's really sad is that these elevator pitches might be accurate
Where is yor voice, dunkey, I love you for that, don't leave us!
"Every soul has it's dark" - Don Chad
Now let them talk about "toribash" - a turn-based physics-based online fighting.  A turn-based. Physics-based. ONLINE FIGHTING
can someone tell me what the game at 2:09 is?
Is this a crowbcat video?
was about to make a salty comment then reminded which channel it is
More like, "Originality in Video Game Reporting".  No one has any right to compare a 2D platformer to Dark Souls...  It's just lazy writing.
Dunkey be dunking XD
It’s funny, then comes the post-dunkey vid depression
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls
We all know that ever game ever was heavily inspired by tennis for two game
Can't say the same about Death Stranding...
It makes you feel bad that ever new game is just a knock off of games that did it first
There's four minutes I'm never getting back. Shite video, Dunkey. Try harder.
The elevator pitch for Dunkey's channel: It's like Death Stranding meets Knack 2 with a pinch of Balan Wonderworld and the Last Guardian
Apparently the game is called og when others start to take 'inspiration' from it
It makes you feel like Dark Souls
When you play too many videogames you turn into a critic. You'll never experience videogames for the first time ever again.
Did you know that Mario Bros 2 is a lot like Doki Doki Panic?
man doesn't even have to say anything to get his point across. what a fucking legend.
It sad to see people ignoring the fact BotW was inspired by Shadow of the Colossus
did you know zelda link to the past is inspired by zelda breathe of the wild?
Game: *Has Combat* Reviewer: "So this game is like Dark Souls"
I guess if rolling is a mechanic in the game then it definitely took inspiration from Dark Souls, or if the game is open world with climbing then it definitely took inspiration from Breath of the Wild. Just because a popular game did a thing or has some mechanic, it doesn't mean that a game that has something similar is taking inspiration from it, else any game that let's you use guns and drive cars is basically GTA.
this watches like a crowbcat video
I think a lot of this can also be also described as "most games journalism is dogshit". I can only describe X by comparing with Y.
Alright, Dunk - what's your idea for an original video game concept?
This comedy is fresh. Never heard anything like it.
Dark Souls, Dark Souls, Dark Souls, Dark souls.... BLADE OF DARKNESS & DIE BY SWORD!
See this game is actually like Solitaire in that it is a video I played on my computer, and at the same time it is also like Dark Souls
Featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry™ Series
This video is just a copy of Hogan's castle
He says more in a compilation of clips than most people in thirty minute essays.
Hey guys everything is breath of the wild
2:10 lmaoooooo
It seems to me that this review has taken some clear inspiration from dark souls.
We need another Kojima
This game, really makes you feel like Batman
Proffesional Video Game Reviewer: O-oh-yeah I like played a game like-tha when I was. Little itwascallZelDAAAH
if its good, no problem in references and similar mechenics
Hoy come nobody compared games to Super Mario Bros. 2?
How far into the Elden Ring review do you think they're going to say Dark Souls?  My guess is 3 words.
Its ok guys he talks in this video from 3:14 to 3:18 . All i came here for is more dunkey talking, someone make a dunkey text to speech bot. Oh, and make it less like Dark souls
Way too much ( Inspiration ) vs creating something original. This is a plague amongst video games. It's hard to make a fully original concept from scratch but if anything the worse that can happen is another video game downfall. Then hopefully a awesome original concept will save it.
Woah games draw inspiration from eachother?? crazy
Death Stranding is the first Strand type game
Dunkey is one of the most unique youtubers on the platform, clearly taking inspiration from Obama, Jesus Christ, and Dark Souls.
These are all just strand-like games anyways
Game journos are absolutely worthless.
Comparing games is pretty much just a reviewers way of not being able to explain a game very well. Then again some games are really just blatant copies.
"You'll guide Kris as they drive a black 1997 Lincoln Mercury across a dangerous highway to collect a stray banana, much like how Donkey Kong collects colored bananas in Donkey Kong 64."
At least all those games dont were inspired by desert  bus or hongkong 97. Could be worse
This video is a mix of Videogame Dunkey, a 90 year old black grandma of Puerto Rican descent, and the white man who married Leah
The stamina bar is an annoyance even in botw. It's designed to be a waste of time and an inconvenience but botw plays so good that it doesn't matter and it's even necessary. Those games that add it just for exploring but has a lot of playability issues are just adding another nail to their non existence coffin.
Dunkey is clearly becoming the buzzfeed of journalists
What's the game at 2:10 pls
the only original video game idea was SUPER MARIO BROTHERS 2 BABY
What is that dark souls everyone is talking about?
There are only two games at this point, Dark souls and Legend of Zelda
Dunkey should get someone like Gilbert godfries to do a cameo for one of these videos and just have a random celebrity review in there
Some of these games look like zelda
This video is a little bit like crowbcat's ones
being honest here, I like that games are identical to Zelda, Earthbound and what not, I admire developers that do that, because it works.
So, if I wanna be a game critique, I just need to play a game and compare it to some previous games and I'll be golden?
Assassins Creed is a good franchise
all games have pixels so they are obviously and very clearly pong inspired
"...so it has a little something for everyone"
I dont think this is as much about lack of originality, but making comparisons to other known games is a really effective way to get others to understand how a game works and feels.
Disliked. Can't believe you would steal entire videos and upload a video compilation of it. I demand a 5 paragraph apology, and the answers to why my wife left me.
This channel is kinda like if you took Legend of Zelda, Dark Souls, Gex, a few chicken Mcnuggets and Gary Busey then blended them together
Gameplay footage: Hamtaro Rainbow Rescue (GBA) Despite it’s cutesy overtones and childish setting, this game borrows heavily from Breath of the Wild and Dark Souls in it’s advanced combat syste-
Okay, so every game is either Zelda or Dark Souls.
So, fun fact; humans as a species are actually really bad at coming up with new ideas. Most "new ideas" are usually just multiple old ideas combined together in some way. We as a species are weird in that we're kind of built to recycle ideas, yet we also crave fresh and new ideas. Now when someone says something like "I wish X was more original" I think what they want is that when something tends to fall into a pattern (say, a game following a recent trend or a game journalist comparing a new game to several older games), rather than a new idea,  is for someone to break the mold and do something different. Or in other words, they're all going right so I'll go left. The challenge in this line of thought is to make a different experience both a good experience and relevant thematically to the times in which it is released.  Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk.
When I started Dead Cells, I realized it was a complete Dark Souls knock off in every way, and turned it off forever.
Extremely original video. You can't hear stuff like this from anyone but Dunkey!
Dunkey, it's obvious all of these games copied Mario Brothers. Mario Brothers is at the top of their craft.          Mario Brothers copied Popeye the Sailor Man.
I might be in the minority on this, but I don't really mind constant comparisons. Obviously entire games shouldn't be placed under the "Zelda-like" or "Souls-like" banner unless obviously taking from that formula (i.e. Immortals Fenyx Rising and all of the FromSoftware games), but comparing individual mechanics to other games is actually pretty helpful when I'm looking for new games to play.
CLASSIC
I like that Dunkey literally said just one line in this whole video lol. Now let me go rewrite some things...
its the darksouls of videos
Dunkey actually has some clear inspiration from dark souls
big fan of the guy who calls out the stamina meter in a voice that is just 100% done with it
In conclusion Dark souls 3 is kind of like Dark souls 2 borrowing some inspiration from Dark souls.
Damn you got Einstein editing these videos
____ = dark souls
is really is the Gex Game Review of Game Reviews, amirite?
What the fuck about dark siders is at all like dark souls except for the word dark in their titles???
Anyone know that game at 2:10?
hideo kojima
I wish people would recognize that so many are just the same games. Just re-skins.
I have little experience with "professionnal" reviewers but Dunkey's compilation also presents a laziness from their parts. After all, why bother properly describing a game to consumers when you can simply point at others, claim "It's kinda like that" and call it a day. It doesn't matter that the comparison doesn't properly (something not even correctly) represents the product as a whole, it's unique aspect or it's different focus. I'll just throw around comparisons, give vague opinions without any arguments (can't have clear opinions or else the viewers might get angry) give it a 8/10 and move on to the next 8/10 game
Even all your comments are repetitive as fu<k.   What a wasted society
Ok everyone, stop buying games, we just need Zelda, Devil May Cry and Dark Souls
2:09 what's the name of this game??
"Ah, but if every game is based on Dark Souls, then what is Dark Souls based on?" "It's Dark Souls all the way down."
but whats the real issue here? Games borrowing from others, or game critics being unable to describe a game without calling reference to another? Good artists copy, great artists steal is a phrase I think greatly applies to game development. Any good idea starts as, "but what if ___ had ___". I'm not certain if dunkey was trying to say game reviewers or developers were the problem but if its the ladder I have to disagree. I've noticed for a long time that the gaming community in recent years has become unable to describe anything without comparing it to another because it feels like people are so stubborn to try new things unless its similar to something else they already know. If you disagree with what I'm saying think about the last time you were able to convince a friend to play a game without comparing it to a game you knew they already liked.
This video is like the Dark Souls of videos about reviewers who compare everything to Dark Souls
I wonder if it takes inspiration from Dark Souls or is a Zelda like
Luckily for you, Death Stranding Directors Cut is coming tomorrow.
god no one know what the fuck dark souls is anymore
This is the Dark Souls of Doom Eternal video games ever made.
There's Dunky and there's Yahtzee. Everyone else is irrelevant.
the fact that a video about originality is 97% copy pasted material from other sources is *chefs kiss* AMAZING metacommentary.
Christ died, was buried, rose again the third day, believe in him and his sacrifice on the cross for the remission of sins so that his finished work payed your sin debt and you shall be saved! Don’t be left behind, rapture soon!!!  God bless!  “That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture saith, Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek: for the same Lord over all is rich unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.” ‭‭Romans‬ ‭10:9-13‬ ‭KJV‬‬
as i destroy some kids lego sculpture i think "this is like knack"
So I guess devil may cry, zelda and dark souls are actually original
This video is the [franchise] of [genre]
there’s some quote by some person about how pursuing authenticity will always be more important than pursuing originality, because the former makes a great story and the latter will just naturally follow
"This Book" can be best described as The Dictionary, because the dictionary contains every word that is in "This Book".
Meanwhile I’m just happy Darksiders showed up not once but twice in a Dunkey video
Some game are not just similar. Like valorant and cs, you can tell that it's not copying other FPS. It's specifically CS. Also Gacha impact is literally Zelda clone. What it can copy from botw, it did. Even if it doesn't make any fucking sense for their game, they'll do it anyway.
I think some people are also missing the point a bit, and perhaps I am too however. This is just as much a critique on journalism as it is on gaming. Everything is inspired by something, and you can draw roots of some of the best video games ever to something preceding it. Hardly anything is truly original, but the comparison strings in journalism really bleed any semblance of originality out of some actually original new concepts for games. When you take a games comparisons in a vacuum without actually diving into the new mechanics or anything it does new and only focusing on what it does similar or the same you get what this video is.
Maybe it's just the reviewers who are unoriginal, but then again, I just copied that comment from Dark Souls.
This video is an elevator pitch similar to that one video you like but haven't seen in a while but love so much mixed with that new video you saw a few days ago and see everywhere. You don't hate it. You don't love it. But you like it just enough to maybe beat it once
"I copy and paste everything, but so what, my people love me because they have a phone." ~CEO of Tencent
this video takes clear inspiration from dark souls
it really makes you feel like a gamer
Like mario
In life everything new is copied from somewhere somehow, maybe more than 1 place even. Seeing something as totally original just means that the ones seeing it doesn't know the reference where it originally came from  I get the joke but this is what you get in everything, from movies, to music, film and art. It works anyway, no reason to get salty over that
NSMB CREDITS THEME THO???
All original ideas came from a mashup of other ideas.  Humanity has slowly created new things after progressively adding things together over generation after generation.
You know, sometimes I get the comparisons to other games, but then there are some games I’ve played and think that their comparison is just way off.
He only said 1 thing in the entire video and STILL managed to get the point across in only 3 minutes
if u like any games shown here...     HAHA U SUCK
IMAGINE COMPARING GAMES TO OTHER GAMES
is the issue games being inspired and following trends and ideas from current games or journalist not being able to articulate without drawing comparisons to other games?
We know that every game Is knocking off of Bubsy 3D.
Everyone who says “x is dark souls” has either never played nor never finished any dark souls game
We all know that the most original game of all ages is Knack, because it gives you only one kick, stripping back decades of melee combat evolution, by fine tuning a single move. However, it's greatest feature is the ability to jump while not jumping. A truly revolutionary experience, especially when you get to fight against Jake Paul.
"When I saw a top-down action roguelike (...) my first thought was 'hey, you know, this seems like a bit of a Hades knockoff.'" Hades? Does this guy know not why the genre is called _Rogue_-like?
I've never played anything like this now here's a few games I've played like this
There's a reason he didn't show any knack footage
love how people here read this as both "video games is the same" and "we think too much about video games in relation to one another"
Breath of the wild? Have those people never played Shadow of the Colossus?
Thank you Dark Souls
Gameplay elements have always been compared in video games.  Fps's literally used to be called doom clones
A 3 1/2 min video of reviewers comparing games to other games for the sake of relatability. I'm not sure what this has to do with originality in video games.
To be fair, a lot of people play a game and go "man, I wish there was more" or "I wish this was different". Game devs can make that happen for themselves
Man, the work to fetch all this footage... It reminds me a bit of Dark Souls
Okay, so roguelike is good, how about some zeldalike and darksoulslike?
Making reference is the quickest way to explain things
I disagree with any possible take-away people have after watching this video.
Boardgames use eachother game mechanics all the time; why wouldn’t videogames.   So Monoploy will have you going around a board like candy land but instead of drawing cards you roll dice.   Go Fish will have you looking for pairs like old maid but instead you ask for a number you Want instead of pulling a random card…
So basically every game is Dark Souls
Oh also, shout out to Adam Kovic. "SKYRIM WITH GUNS"
KEKW
This video heavily borrows from Dark Souls
Hey, if it ain't broke don't fix it :P.
You can do this with any medium. Game ARE a bit different though. The difference with games is you can't SHOWING someone gameplay is different from actually PLAYING, so the best way people have found to talk about gameplay is to compare it to something the viewer may have played before. But every medium builds on what came before. "People who make movies love movies." Everything takes inspiration from something else, it's why we get into the things we do. As for Kena I'm supersized by a couple of things that I haven't seen before, and while it has MANY inspirations, it also has ideas of it's own.
Everyone should play Kena it's really good
to me it seems theres a lack or originality in game reviews or reviewers :P
Drinking game: Take a sip (or drink) every time you hear Breath of the Wild    Substitute Breath of the Wild for Dark Souls if you want a different experience.
„Its kinda dark souls zelda‘ish“
And that's on gaming journalism boiling down an entire review in 5 minutes.
this is my new favorite channel.
Is this the first Donda-type game?
No, you are nitpicking and biased, I win, bye bye. Shut the channel off.
This video is about as useful as trying to bottle air.
Consider the alternative though... Death Stranding
Almost everything people can think of exists so what else is there than partially/ "full" copying?
So there's a chance....
Before there was the term FPS, we all used the phrase "Doom-clones" haha. Some things never change.
Ahh.. you know.. dunkey is the best right now.
Wow, this video felt a lot longer than 3:35 to me.  And I gotta admit, it did an excellent job of illustrating why gaming hasn't been truly exciting in a very long time.  It seems that a lot of games that legitimately try to do something relatively new these days wind up failing in some other major fundamental way.  (Cyberpunk 2077, Death Stranding.)  Or if they manage to push through and build something truly original and excellent, other studios just take what they did, and it isn't long before it's all just part of the same soup that gets poured into every gamer's bowl.
This video is like a dark souls game      Cuz it’s so boring
Dunk, this is accurate.
Nothing is truly original. Every idea comes from something.
Videogamedunkey is the Knack 2 of YouTube channels
I make my bed in the morning, as taken from games such as Breath of the Wild, such as Dark Souls.
Remember before Dark Souls when people would just say "hack and slash?" Game reviewer brains cannot
There's a little bit of dark souls for everyone
Elevator pitch for me: Imagine: some elements from my mom, but also some from my dad.
I wonder if dunk is ever gonna start talking
this video is a throwback to the classic dunkey style of video
what game is starting @2:07?
Team fortress two is the only original game.
Graphics keep getting better but the gameplay stays the same and for some reason and we call it innovation.
Hare Krishna!
So what are you saying? Everything has to be 100% original?
Thank you, Dark Souls
Pfftt Imagine being original
But does it make me feel like I'm Dark Souls
Did you know that squash bees are solitary bees?  Yeah, they don't live in a hive. They like to be alone and make wonderful "unique" nests away from other bees. 🐝 Anyways, just some bee knowledge for you.
You should try Rayman 2: The Great Escape
And Dark Souls barrowed heavily from King's Field!
There's not much more features or combat styles because they've all been used before what they can do is not completely copy a game like ginshin impact did to Zelda lmao
There should have been more nudity in this one like there was in the last one...
so is dunkey borrowing heavily from cowbcat then?
This video is like if dark souls did video games.
Wanna play an original game ? Then I think you should try playing the critically acclaimed MMORPG Final Fantasy XIV with an expanded free trial which you can play through the entirety of A Realm Reborn and the award winning Heavensward expansion up to level 60 for free with no restrictions on playtime.
This video takes clear inspiration from nakey jakey with hints of angry Joe. There's a little something for everyone
All i hear is Dark Souls and Legend of Zelda are based
I agree
Might be a hot take, but I don't see the issue here. Comparing something new to something you are familiar with isn't really a problem, is it?
Y I K E S
This is a refreshing new combination of elements from the Tetris franchise and Grand Theft Auto III:   We call it *Pokémon Go* ... it’s like think Breath of the Wild.
If you mash Zelda, dark souls, final fantasy and God of war in a blender you get every indie game that has ever or will ever exist. Except Celeste. That game's safe.
This game with the killedest guy stole that from the other game with the killedest guy
Dark souls IV: breath of the wild
Oh boy, new dunkey video! I can't wait to disagree with his opinions and get unreasonably angry!
Yet Death Stranding is still the only strand type game
Dunkey: "I feel sorry for you"  IGN: "I don't think about you at all"
Whether you love or hate Death Stranding, at least it doesn't fit into this camp
What I get from this is, that Devil may cry is actually the most original game ever made, kind of like dark souls and Zelda in that sense.
Ma man at 0:37 really compared Deathloop to fucking Dark Souls lol
“You know the elevator pitch: Do a dark souls, but make it anime.”
You really feel like your Spiderman.
Isnt this much more uninspired reviews than games?
Should try Death Stranding, I hear that one is pretty unique
"No idea is original"
Yes, but what about Strand-type games?
The dislikes are from people who didn’t realize they were clicking on the dark souls of dunkey videos
This review is kind of like The Sopranos meets Mr Hulot's Holiday
Nintendo Mario 64 was inspired by Pac-Man, digger and pong.
The first game was tennis for two, which copied tennis, and tennis copied a 12th century sport that involved hitting a ball with your hand, so I guess every game copied hitting a ball with your hand. Take that dark souls
When I am trying to get friends to play a game, I am too lazy to explain what it is. So I say, "yo its like cod." But this? This is definitely them saying games that were perceived as GOOD and them wanting to cash in on that.
Why is there so much nudity in your recent videos dunky? I’m very disappointed in you.
I don't know, Tales of Arse doesn't sound very appealing as a videogame 🤷‍♀️
I remember when Dark Souls came out nobody knew about Dark Souls, it's was all about the pop girl Skyrim... now everything that exist is Dark Souls....... yes even you...
If youre a musician, then you know this isnt really a point anymore. I love dunky, but this is the first time where I was like "yea, no shit" and found no comedy here
There’s truly nothing like this video. It’s exactly like the content of IGN with the editing style of Videogamedunkey.
Death Stranding has taken clear inspiration from other strand type games like Super Mario Bros.
You guys know that Breath of the Wild didn't actually invent the "stamina draining while climbing" mechanic right...?
I woke up this morning and realized that my wife is actually inspired by dark souls.
Can you roll? Dark Souls Can you climb? Zelda
At the end of the day, the only original games were pong and tetris. All other are knockoffs
I wonder if any of these games got their inspiration from Dark Souls
This video makes me a little depressed. Why bother make any new games?
omg listening to these talking heads just rattle away is maddening lol.  I could only imagine what it must be like to live with any of them.  Hell on earth. Kind of like Diablo, Diablo 2, Devil May Cry and Max Payne.
I don't know, this video is a bit Breath of the Wild to me🤨
The best part of this is the entire video is a bunch of other videos to show the lack of originality in video game reviews. Brilliant.
Thanks I hate television now
seems more about games journalism than anything else. earnest craftsmanship hasn't been what gets clicks for a long time
dunkey don't miss
At last another strand type gangstalk
hey did you know saints rows copied gta
Did you guys know that Super Mario Bros. took inspiration from Dark Souls?
This video is the dark souls of podracing. A little something for everybody.
Nothing gets me off more than Dunkey calling out the phoniest profession out there
It's hard to tell which ones are making fun of the games themselves and which ones are making fun of the reviewers
These guys are uncultured in video games. i can name more video games, so I WIN: Call of Duty, Call of Duty 2, Call of Duty 3, Hollow knight which is like Call of Duty 3, Call of Duty 4 Modern warfare which is like persona 4 which is the 2nd persona made after persona 5 which has taken all its inspiration from  Assasins Creed, Assasins Creed 2, Assasins Creed 3 which takes inspiration from real life just like Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
I hope this one doesn't get age restricted
what a mess
They did it, they managed to compare a puzzle-solving first-person shooter with Dark Souls
Fun fact Minecraft was actually inspired by dark souls
I sometimes forget that the only two games that aren’t rip offs are botw and dark souls
I’ve been waiting for this…
The only comparison thing I'm fine with is BOTW, because a lot of games copy it without realizing why it works. Climbing was the most needless thing ever in Fenyx Uprising, I swear.
U always try to compare games to something, when trying to explain it to others. Most games they compared to dark souls arent even close.
Video Game: Exists Game Analysts: This is obviously a rip off of Dark Souls and Legend of Zelda BOTW
Dunkey doesn’t even have to talk in his videos anymore, he has ascended.
So every game is just dark Zelda soul
I always am sure to thank Dark Souls for being the very first game where you learn enemy attack patterns
Did you know Minecraft was actually inspired by dark souls
the last seven years have not been kind to dunkeys opinion on gaming
the way game journalists cant describe a game without comparing it to something else is like Darksouls with inspiration of Breath of the Wild
This is the Dark Souls of Dunkey meta-commentary.
This should be titled "Originality in Games Journalism"
It‘s marketing speech, referencing products that sold well. I don‘t see a problem with gameplay tropes as long as the games are good.  Might as well say „This is DOOM with a twist“ about every ego-shooter.
this video was clearly inspired by Crowbcat
"Unlike anything I've ever played" **lists off other games it's similar to**
All games, and all art in general, build off of previous works. There is no such thing as a purely original game/idea, only new takes on old ideas. And that's fine. Everything has influences. It's just the nature of ideas
This video has clearly taken inspiration from other youtube channels like VEVO
"God damn it Jeremy! You turned saturation down too much and now everyone is calling our game Dark Souls!"
There's a little bit of Dark Souls in all of us...
What is that gorgeous looking game at 2:10
So, if we keep going back on these reviews  we'll get back to first ever (and only) original videogame idea, and it's Super Mario 64.
I still remember past 2011,  for a while. All games that have open world first person is being referenced as "skyrim" it was hilarious now considerig the fact that dark souls is one of those underrated game originally released in 2011. And beyond 2016 every difficult game is being dubbed "dark souls" clone.
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls.
this is why the strand type game was such a masterpiece it was a commentary on how all video games are clones of a few good games but that they have to do that cus all of the good game mechanics are taken already
Lmao someone actually made a Kena/Sekiro comparison, These reviewers crack me up i still don't understand why there's some people who buy games based on their reviews.
this is the dark souls of dunkey videos
Zelda and dark souls inspired Zelda and dark souls 🤔🤔🤔
Game mechanic: Exists Chuds:  Sure seems like a darksouls to me.
Dark Souls is like the Dark Souls game comparisons
Using ideas from other games is not bad, every good game today inherited ideas that worked on other places, I just would like that instead of comparing so much, reviewers could actually describe the fucking game.
What, you expected games journalists to come up with anything other than comparisons to other games?
It's like Dark Souls, with a little something of Dark Souls for everyone.
There were no games before dark souls
Is it me or is the concept of an elevator pitch stupid? Like there's no way I can finish that whole game on an elevator. Just stick to making Dark Souls.
But does it have a little something for everyone?
This could also be titled “Originality in video game reviews”
Dislike, video was actually painful My ears just wanted thier repetitive drivel to stop
This is the Dark Souls of dunkey videos.
It's a shame we could make literally any type of games but we're constricted by focus group reports on what's going to sell.
This is a chicken wing.
- Mommy: our little baby is so cute, he kind of looks like his mommy, don't you agree? - Daddy: I don't know, he looks kinda like Dark Souls
Originality? What is that
*Game allows you to engage in combat and/or traverse in any way, shape or form*  "Getting big Devil May Cry, Dark Souls, BOTW vibes from this."
Dino Crisis 2 is probably the only truly original game that draws inspiration from Resident Evil
Not just in the games but in the reviews too.
Epic
why is this making me angry?
So basically... everything is just Zelda
So basically, once you've played Dark Souls or Zelda: Breath of the Wild you've pretty much experienced all there is in the video gaming world.
Bro yous a genius
I was legit waiting for "Thank you, Dark Souls".
Someone call Noodle, this is the exact shit he was talkin bout
Building a game is like making a pizza  You gotta put all the basic toppings and then shove every single game mechanic in every game ever until you've built an abomination that no one wants to eat.
let it die is...nothing like dark souls. one of the last original ideas in the action genre
Unofficial game critics part two
Everyone knows Zelda, knows Dark Souls. No other games exist to the public. Very underground stuff.
All selfies are now Mona Lisa inspired photos
Listening to a reviewer describe a game with another game, well I don't know what to say except that I hope they're being paid for these callback plugs. Am I supposed to have PLAYED all of these other games to get it?
Yep. You can develop a great game that everyone loves in a vacuum having never played, seen or heard of another game before and the dipshit reviewers sump it up as "it's like Darksouls but with *insert mechanic or art style here*". They don't even actually review the game, they just compare it to others.
How the fuck did you invent a new game style lol is so fucking hard everything is done the best you can do is only remind something lol souls like was the last style of game I can think of, and it's not that innovative it's just a hard and with stamina limitation
Nothing is original anymore.  These modern reviewers are hollow chodes.  I really missed some of AVGN dime a dozen clones.  They werent at least just bunch of cucks.
This is also the reason why people just threw the 'originality' away with all those bland and cheapful copypasta ideas. Literally everybody else nowadays were clearly hivemind than the rest of the popularity on this planet earth, like... my goodness.     Sounds like we're all just... "devolving" our humanity btw
Using similar mechanics to other games is fine even necessary you could say when there are so many good games out there its impossible to not find similarities that does not mean that the games aren’t original (like many videogame papers might make it seem like) if we used their logic every game would be taking inspiration from pong just because it was the first videogame.
You could say that the legend of zelda: breath of the wild is the dark souls of zelda games
The fact that these reviewers mention games that are heavily comparable to the games they're reviewing is a good thing in my opinion, because it allows those interested to know what the game is like. To be honest, Dunkey's message is quite ambiguous here but if it is that reviewers are just lazy then I disagree.
Dunkey, I get what you're trying to say here, but you gotta TRY to understand that game journalists will shrivel up like a raisin and die if they dont mention other games in their reviews. Thats not a metaphor, they actually have a rare biological dependecy. It's like drinking water for them. For some reason, mentioning dark souls keeps them "hydrated" for a while longer. Its a really interesting human mutation, look into it sometime.
What about strand type games though
this video taught me that all video games are based off of breath of the wild, devil may cry and bayonetta,  thank you dunkey
Who actually let's someone tell them if a games good or not?
You see that 2d game there. It was heavily influenced by darks souls. Why you may ask. Cause there is fighting and everyone knows darksouls invented fighting.
Welp dark souls is the IKEA of game design after all.
im glad you had the balls to include valorant, most people would rather choke a big one rather than admiting it
Really makes you feel like there's nothing new or interesting left, and the best we can hope for is to have our nostalgia sold back to us in a prettier package.  Who else is ready for Breath of the Wild 2 baby!
I'm mainly taking away that reviewers can't explain a game without comparing it to other games.
This game really makes you FEEL like you're playing something original
Another instance where Dunkey will make journalists feel the need to be more verbose than simply saying - "It makes you *feel* like you're playing dark souls"
Originality in IGN reviews. 7/10 to much water like in Wind Waker.
For what it's worth - while this kind of thing shows how hilariously pathetic mainstream game journalism (or all journalism tbh) is, there is a reason. The widespread obsession with originality and "progress" means we often forget how incredibly important iteration is to art. The constant Dark Souls comparisons are a reflection of just how important that game is - because a lot of stuff has taken inspiration from it.
When are we getting a new Overlord Dunkey? I demand you start working on it now.
I'm sorry, did it take some inspiration from Dark Souls?
"this thing is kinda like this other thing" is bad now, i guess
I mean, our brains are definitely pattern seeking, and a lazy yet effective way to get across what something is like is comparing it to something else that's more popular and saying "like that thing that exists!"  Most of these cases it's very likely that the game was in development well before the game that it's being compared to actually released so saying they took inspiration from is generally a very unsafe bet without a direct quote from someone on staff confirming it.  On the other hand entire generas are built on comparing the game to other games that exist Roguelike/Roguelite Soulslike/Soulsborne, Metroidvania, they're comparing the game to other things that already exist and people just know what they mean well enough to not have to question it, and to be fair, if you had to describe that a game has procedurally generated levels, an upgrade system as you progress through the game, and having death factor into gameplay in a unique way (often by soft resetting the game), why would you want to, and would it be harder to explain what that all means than say "It's a roguelike!"  But to run counter to what I just said calling a game like Ratchet and Clank because it has easy 3rd person platforming is weak as hell, that series was all about the weird weapons and the cool levels just facilitated playing with them in new ways while giving you the sense of making progress.
It's official, dark souls came before the concept of existence
The amazing thing is, everyone's ripping off Zelda, but the game designer of Zelda always says that he takes inspiration from real life.   It's almost like you get a better product if you draw inspiration from something that has more content, like real life, so that way you don't end up making the same game as everyone else over and over again.
Oh yeah and then Kojima makes the first strand type game and you rip the shit out of it. Pick a lane, Dumkey.
I love how Dunkey can communicate an idea crystal clear while only saying a single sentence throughout the whole video
This is brilliant...but unfair...but brilliant....
"If you're familiar with classics such as YouTube Poops or Game Grump compilations, then you already have an idea of what this video has to offer."
There is only two original games: Dark souls  Zelda          Ssssuper mario brothers 2
Knack is the only original gaming experience. Change my mind.
Going to have an aneurysm
there’s nothing like it . except these video games i will now list
ist that because of lack of vocabulary of modern so called game "journalists"?
Lol the only one they could have said reminded them of dynasty warriors (persona 5 strikers is a dynasty game) they go ahead and say a game that completely isn't anything like it. Like the only one that I felt would be justified.
original ideas are not allowed anymore, we only want to play games that we've played before
This video should be called "Originality in Video Game Journalism"
Honestly I feel that at this point the best thing you can do as a dev is to just accept the derivative nature of your game and focus on trying to execute those derivative ideas well instead of trying to reinvent the wheel
Everything is Dark Souls, remember. If game has any challenge at all, its basically Dark Souls.
creativity in game reviews
This video is heavily influenced by Dark Souls
I wish we had more retro styled games that took risks back when that was the modern thing to do.
This video is the Dark Souls of Dunkey videos
It’s kind of crazy considering how much Dark Souls has borrowed so many elements from Mario Kart 8
This is a dunkey rip off
this video made me so angry
Game reviewer who has only played Dark Souls before, playing his second game ever: "Wow this is a lot like Dark Souls"
Is dunkey crowbcat?
darksouls is quite an inspirational game
Damn, this video reminds me of this other YouTuber called "Dunko".
''What has been will be again,  what has been done will be done again;  there is nothing new under the sun.''  -Joe Rogan, Half Baked
Whoever came up with the “elevator pitch” should be shot in the street
This vid is like pewdiepie because videogames
Lol Dunkey each time proving how "professional critics" are full of BS.
i've only played 2 hours of kena thus far but it didn't really make me think of any other game.
This video is basically a blend of 'Anthem Legends Exodus' and 'Video Game Structure Evolution' and clearly takes inspiration from 'Green Eggs and Jam'.
This video is a BOTW clone
Ok... But is this a negative?
Taking inspiration in something is normal. Everything around us ( that is the most noticeable in art and design fields ; architecture, fashion, painting, movies etc and video games represent many of these mediums combined) is a giant and repetitive loop where ideas are recycled. We pick and chose different traits, from a trivial detail to a vital element, and apply it to a new piece of work. There’s nothing wrong with that. Nothing is truly original to begin with. So guys relax and enjoy the damn games !  “Nothing is lost, nothing is created, everything is transformed” - Lavoisier
This video is like that one game, Dark Souls …. II
See death stranding is genius because it pioneered the strand type game genre. It is unlike any other game that has ever existed.
I dont understand the argument, should no one use previous games to draw inspiration from and innovate bit by bit? Should people use blocks for wheels since the wheel hasn''t changed much in centuries?
this makes me feel bad for people that aren't that into games and then they look at a game review to see what a games like and the review just compares it to other games they haven't played so it explains nothing
A lot of this is more laziness on the narrators part than on the game designers..you can basically take any 3rd person action melee game and call it dark souls if you aren't interested in actually analyzing the game mechanics
Whenever i hear journalists say: "its like Dark Souls" or "Its the dark souls of..." when the game clearly is nothing like dark souls makes me cringe so hard, people need to understand that the souls games have so much more going for them than just the difficulty. So rather than just calling the game you are referring to a dark souls clone or souls-like just because its hard, maybe next time for example say something like: it has combat elements similar to dark souls etc.
dar souls🤤🤤
The first inspiration type game
Never forget: Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls
a LOT of people missing the point here, Dunkey is commenting on how games are reviewed, not the games similarities themselves.
Well said - same thing with movies...tghis is what happens when business-minds make the final decisions instead of more creative ones :(
Do these "journalists" have any adjectives on their belt, or any descriptive skills at all?
I think the title is misleading guys, he's pointing out the completely absurd habit of journalists comparing new games to other well-known games that have near 0 similarities
There is no originality in video games the same way you could say there is no originality in music. If two songs are in the same key they might sound the same but that doesn’t mean they copied or ripped off the other song. They might not even know that other song exists. Video games are an art, respect the creators vision regardless of what key it’s in.
Today’s journalists are weak.  Can’t find a single creative way to describe their experience so they boil everything down to comparisons.
this is why i dont watch publication reviews anymore
Wake up, people. Nobody is saying lack of Originality is bad. The problem is when reviewers say a game is original while throwing three or more inspirations from said game.
somewhere in the middle of the video it went from "journalists being unimaginative af" to "journalists surgically pinpointing where the devs stole ideas from"
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.   But at least try something new once in a while game devs.
Everything is Pong!
This reminds me of that one video
Chuck in a little bit of stamina and a little bit of utter bullshit and badda boom you got yourselves a dark souls.
I mean you gotta give props to Zelda for inspiring the game “real life”
Thank you dunkey for filling the void left in my heart by cowbcat for a few minutes
What was that ending music?
Come on guys, these games were clearly inspired by Pong and the Odyssey.
This game has action in it.     Like Dark souls.
This game is super original It's like darksouls and binding of Issac mixed with a little bit of breath of the wild and earthbound with a hint of counterstrike and a tweensy bit of minecraft with undertale styled lore plus a small bit of kingdom hearts and tekken 7! I love the guilty gear artstyle.  TALK. ABOUT. ONE. FUCKING. GAME.
This is the American version of Gex : Gex
Shadow of colossus did stamina first!
Yeah but does it make me feel like Batman?
And on the eighth day, Dark Souls created the video game industry
"And yet another game like Dark Souls and Devil May Cry"  -Gexx
Dunkey's content lately is more of a mix between old Tom Goes to the Mayor episodes and a banana split.
Legend of Zelda is the Dark souls of Originality in Video Games
Uh swing and a miss on this one dunkey. They can't all be bangers.
Why do I feel like this is also commentary on the video game journalism industry too? 🤔
I have already played every game ever made apparently.
"A bit like a Hades knock-off"  game journalists also dont know how time works.
Its incredible how dark souls invented difficulty. Yep..games where a walk in the park before Dark Souls
Hi dunmer
At their core, these games really make you FEEL like you've played them all before
But can it make me feel like batman
1:30 a rougelite with weapons, hazards and rewards? no...
“Everything is everything.” - Lauryn Hill
Hey, I remember Dunkey's Best of 2017: "Hollow Knight its pretty much just Dark Souls."       I mean he's not wrong.
So what is the game at 2:15 ?
Thank you, dark souls...
I think we proved with Halo and COD that inspiration opens doors. People used to call those "DOOM Clones". Imagine how stupid that shit would sound to say today.
originality in video games? originality in video game reviews
If you think hard enough. Every game is pong. Even pong 2.
The Dark Souls of Gaming
I thought this was gonna be an actual mini-essay on originality in video games like Dunk's done with difficulty and structure and prices, but somehow this is even better.
I can't tell what's less original, the games or the reviewers writing about the games.
How do you describe something without comparing it to something else? The game would have to not fit in any genre.
Can't believe i say this but holy shit, did this video make me angry. The amount of comparisons i've heard in this was way more than i expected. Kinda frustrating to hear it from ~35 different voices ...
Pokémon
It really makes you feel like Dark Souls
this video takes a lot of inspiration from dark souls
The darksoulisation of originality
This video feels like it takes inspiration from that guy who has the record for Bowsers Big Bean Burrito.
Can you please stop uploading such great content dunkey? We dont deserve it.
These reviews are like the "Big Smoke's Order" of game descriptions.
the big companies don't like to take risk and gamers love nostalgia, we never get a game like killer 7 again for example
I can remember the 80's and 90's 8 and 16 bit eras where everyone was so excited and speculative about the future of gaming, and everyone had dozens of crazy creative ideas for games and kinds of games that could be done with just a little bit more small sized computing power. Then.... None of it happened. GTA 3, halo 1, the first call of duty were the last games ever made sometimes. Post PS2 era, nothing new and worthwhile as far as couldn't miss gaming. I mean, maybe shadow over Mordor... But you really have to think for examples like that. Even in ps1 and 2 times you could pick 6 random games and 4 would be something that you never imagined before. Audio USE has not improved past ps1 shadow tower. No more additional game memory has been used for full realizing anything, just making it more expansive. The retro movement was only half realized by going back to what worked and doing it "more" or in the way they wished they could have done it back then, but then stalls out half way in realizing that even.
Every IGN reviewer: “you’ve never played anything like it, now here are 4 games exactly like it”
The elevator pitch for Dunkey is that he's the Dark Souls of YouTubers.
Do you know Gex heavyly influenced from Knack 2 ?
sucks were living in a time when everything base off of something
Every videogame ever conceived is just dark souls
This video is is kind of bogus.  Games you like could be described this way though, like you could say "Super Mario Odyssey controls similar to previous 3D Mario games, but throws in body possession mechanics reminiscent of the GameCube classic Geist!"  Almost all games share similarities with other games, whether it be direct inspiration or a coincidence. I really don't get what kind of point you're trying to make here.
Why are reviewers obsseseed with Batman Arkhram City? they compare every game to it
Death Stranding is a strand type game heavily based on the best strand type game series, Super Mario.
It would be okay if they were good at it.
People are paid to write this?
Idk if this a commentary on the lack of originality in video games, or IGN's shitty reporting of them.
There's a lot of "the dark souls of" in recent game reviews, but before that, and even now still, any time we call a game a roguelike we're saying that it's like Rogue (1980). As more video games are created, we'll have a larger pool to draw comparisons from, and naturally hear more expressions like this. While they're useful for creating a quick introductory impression, it would be nice to hear more about what the goal of the games are, rather than "Solitaire is the Mystery Dungeon of card games" or "Civilization is the Chess of simulation games."
y am i so exhausted after this
unfortunately it's just easier to compare a new game to a game people are already familiar with, rather than describing the game yourself; it's a part of video game journalism that is probably not going away anytime soon
Modern RPG clearly inspired by classic RPG which is inspired by novels Which is inspired by mythologies Which is inspired by folktales Which is inspired by monke.   Reject modern RPG, return to monke
No words needed
Let’s not forget the OG, where they all got their ideas from..     Super Mario bro’s 2 baybeeee!
Using such generalizations for criticism is stupid, but to just describe the mechanics present I honestly appreciate it. Don't gotta invent a new way to play every single game, like features from older games and always glad when other games can give them a try.
this is a little bit of a dark souls type strand experience with a hint of zelda and knack 👍😃
Make a halo video
god... i can't believe ign is still around...
Good job boy. Showing another embarrassing cukoldry aspect of America as if it wasn't enough already
i'm always down for shitting on game journos, they deserve it, the hacks
I have always believed that imagination and originality are a finite source. It’s happened in movies, tv shows, musical compositions and video games, and I just roll with it. I’ll either like it because it reminds me of something else I like, or I’ll dislike it and play/watch something else. The ones who get sticks up their ass about nothing being “original” anymore can’t be helped, and probably never will be unless they use their own imagination, and come to the realization that “originality” can be pretty hard to come by these days.
This video took inspiration in dark souls
This video makes you FEEL original.
Dark Souls is the best game series of all time.
Pong is based on, quite unsurprisingly, the popular pastime of ping pong  You can think of the new game "checkers" as sort of "chess lite"  Those of you familiar with chaturanga will have an idea what you're getting into with the new game "chess"
half of this is due to journalists and youtubers not having a big enough brain to write an actual review rather than  just saying what the game compares to
so Geck really was a one of a kind
We need more creative ideas and new gameplay mechanics, like Kojima’s Death Stranding
So you may just play Zelda and Dark Souls and bam! You've played all the videogames out there for now
Thank you Dark Souls
when did sackero come out? that sounds like a game id be interested in.
Everything is a remix
So is it bad for games to take inspiration from other games? :P
I love that this is a commentary on VG journalism obviously, but also game devlopment!
More like Originality in videogame journalism
videogamedunkey cleary took some inspiration from videogamedonkey
"There's nothing quite like it, including these games I'm directly comparing it to."
I think dark souls took inspiration from dark souls tbh
I hate it here
Don't forget to add the Metriod-vania style.
It's Deathloop for games, you die and come back a Dark Souls
So every game we play is basically Devil May Cry, Breath of The Wild or Dark Souls
it's like all the reviewers found out that there is no copyright on the phrases "like the dark souls of" and "it's like Zelda breath of the wild" and went with it. It's just lazy writing at this point. Don't use those phrases so lightly. Just because a mechanic is similar to something doesn't always mean that it's a tribute and that doesn't make the game "like dark souls or Zelda". View games for what they individually are trying to accomplish before comparing it to Sekiro, batman arkham knight and 5 other games like that one reviewer for Ghost of Tsushima. -_-
Lasagna is a spaghetti-like food with some elements clearly inspired by cake
This is present in music as well. There were many times where I've written a song and someone says something like, "Oh, did you get inspiration from Frank Zappa? Aerosmith? Debussy? pOkEmOn?" How about you just focus on what I'm providing instead of labelling it as a copy of something I might not have ever heard?
It is quite helpful if you can describe a game with something the other person has played before so they get a basic idea of what to expect
Thought i was watching a crowbcat video
I really hate gamers most of the time
But do any of this games have the exaggerated swagger of a black teen?
Dark Souls was a mistake.
Is this vid commenting on how unoriginal new games are now? Or the journalists not knowing how to creatively describe the game?  Or is it Yes
I mean I can’t say I have an issue with this on either side. Many of these games probably have their own merits without actually being shameless knock-offs, but reviewers making these comparisons is, in my opinion, a good way to let the viewer know roughly what sort of game to expect. “If you liked Dark Souls, maybe this will be for you. If that style of game isn’t up your alley, this game probably won’t be your thing either.” When it’s overdone or when the game really is just a worse version of an already existing title, I definitely get the frustration. Still, I don’t think drawing inspiration from good ideas or telling people what sort of game they can expect are bad things.   Nonetheless, this video is still quite funny.
I'd call this video "Originality in Video Games reviews"
“Dark Souls 4 has heavily relations and gameplay mechanics just like the original Dark Souls.”
Like how every open world game is a GTA clone, or every shooter is a Doom clone
I feel like you're not making any point here...   DOTA/LoL clearly derive inspiration from Madden. 2 teams trying to push down a lane to win.
"The thrill of the fights sure is as epic as the fight against snails in Octopath Traveler, then again I haven't played the game"
I don't really think this speaks to the originality of the games, but just to the nature of how we describe things. If you tried to explain what a grapefruit is to someone you would compare it to an orange or some other fruit even though it has a completely unique taste of its own.
It all comes back to Dark Souls. 3D Pinball? For Windows PC? You know it, baby! Mario? For the NES? You know it, baby! Pong? For the Atari? You know it, baby!
Play dog sex 3D. It's the most original game out now! It has seemed to take some inspiration from games like Dark Souls.
Man, There's like 4 games.
BOTW and Dark Souls are the only two games that exist.
Conclusion: video game journos are stupid.
You see, its obvious people miss the whole point of this video, not once did any of those "journalists" make the comparison to knack 2, as that game gave all others the building blocks to create something truly unique
No such thing as completely original...
Landfall is great at making original concepts
All these professional game reviewers still write like they're trying to get a good enough grade on their persuasive essay so that their mom won't ground them
Chess is like the Dark Souls of board games.
I mean....okay?? If the point of the vid is that reviewers say the same shit when comparing games, its because the majority of audiences like to have reference to stuff they know before they commit to a purchase. If the point is that games are becoming too derivative, it's because nothing is truly original, only refined over time with slight evolutions here and there. Also leaving out the detail that like 80% of games that try to be "oRiGiNaL" are also bad.
I feel like the messaging here is kind of mixed. I dont like the notion of "there are no more original ideas" because it not only presumes originality equaling quality, but also that mash up ideas dont count as original, or that media is inherently lesser for being built from a foundation, which is basically just punishing people for being born late.   But i also understand that the larger point of this video is most likely that major publications have trouble articulating their thoughts on games without directly comparing them to other things, sometimes without merit (see the ever present dark souls comparisons.) Still, while i get that can be reductive, and imply a game to be a knockoff, theres also no point in saying "a 3d hack in slash with puzzle elements and contextual button prompts" when I can say "its like God of War, but" and get the message across much more efficiently.  Not to assume ill intent on dunk's part, just that when dunkey starts railing against stuff, like game journalism, a bunch of chuds tend to get riled up and start acting shitty
This comment section just complements the video's point lol
Cube world did stamina climbing first!!!!
In my opinion the binding of Isaac wins the game of originality, *almost every aspect of it is a well-thought mechanic  (*open to argument)
Knuckles climbed and glided waaay before anyone else. Too bad sega thinks Sonic is the popular one.
I don't understand why Crash Bandicoot Remastered, a series inspired by Dark Souls wasn't included. It was original for its time.
Further proof that DMC 5 is the greatest action game of all time
Pessimist: Nothing is original anymore! Pessimistic Optimist: Nothing is original anymore!  I've learned through film & game courses in college that pitching "It's X but Y & Z" is a overall good practice, it gives familiarity to prior successes, inspiring hope (and investors).
This happens to take inspiration from super Mario which is the first strand type game
Star Wars is just Flash Gordon for the 80s
Lol
I think it’s just a way to convince people to try more games than the already established big series.  Yeah it gets pretty annoying after a while of watching reviews.
genius, thats how i feel about games these days
Everything is dark souls  And the only thing that made Breath of wild unique was stamina and climbing
Psycho Mantis?
GameStop/IGN the movie. lol
We could just retitle this as “game critics 3” if you think about it
When someone says, “hey have you seen that new game” I say STFU don’t even come at me with that weak bull crap.   Video games might as well not exist anymore. They all suck.
This is a true strand like game -IGN
I wonder if we'll ever move on from online gaming journalism. The simple reality is these people are getting hired for the pieces of paper that say journalism degree that they paid for, and not their understanding of the industry. They don't even have to be "good" at video games, just have a fucking clue.
Great video, but I was confused by the nude intermission
there is no shame in a lack of originality, we all love good burger, and many burgers are just a plain burger with some added stuff.
This video should be named "Originality in Video Game Journalism". Jesus Christ, get these people a thesaurus!
Dunkey said one line and i simply cant agree with him his reviews are similar to  nypost articles Clearly taking inspiration from dark souls and game informer
I think I just died at 2:17
a
🐐🐐🐐
nothing is wholy original. everything takes ideas from something else, that's how new ideas are made.
American capitalism heavily borrows elements from tabletop game Monopoly.
"nioh owes a lot to dark souls. that's a phrase you hear all the time, BUT IN THIS CASE"
is not just jornos the one who do this i remember reccomending games to people and they always say stupid things like this game is a copy of x, i don´t know why i hate this so much
"Theres just nothing like this game, except these 4 other games that it takes things from."
Same shit, different characters
I'mma throw it out there and say that Psychonauts felt like a platformer I haven't played since the N64 era
Dunkey donuts     More unoriginal games
Too much nudity, YouTube please ban this video!
*Character moves in a video game* Journalist: FUCKING ZELDA!!!!!!!!
Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Mario Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls Zelda Dark Souls
This video really feels like Dark Souls.
video games are the dark souls of gaming
so is this a jab at games, or a jab at journalism
yes! another video i will rewatch to infinity!
The best way to educate someone is to let them come to their own conclusion when given the proper facts. This is why I love dunkey... shame he stole the idea from breath of the wild
game: is slightly hard video game journalists: this game is like dark souls combined with skyrim with guns mixed with far cry combined with uhh call of duty! video game journalists: *gets paid a 80 thousand dollar annual salary*
Every game is either Dark Souls or Zelda
I was literally talking about how theres too many souls likes yesterday
so what games is dark souls like?
Lesson in all of this, be the game that everyone else 'copies'
Not every game has to reinvent the wheel to be good, but it really does make it hard to determine which games are worth your time or not.
sure, some of those are clearly inspired, but i think gaming journalism has gotten even lazier than game developers. quick, rummage through all old games to find a comparison so i dont have to write what mechanics the game actually has!!
Not every game can be a first strand type.
It's like my science teacher used to say: Nothing's created, everything must have come from Dark Souls
Yes, critics compare things that exist to other things that exist. It's called communicating through language and materialism instead of screaming wordlessly.
“Tchia is like Mario Odyssey mixed with Breath of the Wild”  - every game reviewer
"thank you dark souls" in dunkey's voice
All of gaming is either dark souls inspired, dark souls rip-off or the dark souls of its genre
In conclusion: every game is a dark souls and breath of the wild knock-off
Reported for sexual content. 😡
They’re gonna start calling all 2d platformer games Mario games now
Dunkey just shitted on video game journos for 3 minutes straight
Dark Souls > Dark Souls
None of these are strand-type games.Mediocre
This just in: people compare new things to things they've seen before
2:08 At least this guy says it like it is
*You choose to eat the red pill* *Everything around you reveals itself to be Dark Souls*
What was the second game shown around the 25 second part?
I actually think Ghost of Tsushima’s combat is pretty distinct.
You know what they say   Can't copyright game mechanics
Story about my Uncle had these mechanics before Seikuro LMAO, and thats no Triple A... just a neat game.  Noob Reviewers and compare games with the most hyped ones, for others understanding, tooooo mainstream gaming have turned, and reviews are invalid o_o
Least Genshin had some unique combat
'Originality in Video Games' takes a lot of inspiration from 'Game Critics (Part 2)'
video start at 3:12. You're welcome
All art is made like this. This is more of an issue with how people talk about games.
NSMB credits is the perfect 🍒 on top of this video
Its almost like the reviewers are trying to give you an idea of what the game is similar to so that you can get an idea of what its like?
This video is 3 minutes long.  I have been aged 40 years.  I die tomorrow.
I guess we can all agree that gaming journalism is the Dark Souls of journalism
There's nothing new under the sun.
So the only original games are DS, Botw, God of War, Rocket League and Counter Strike, alongside with some Final Fantasy?
This video is clearly inspired by Knack 2
"because breath of the wild just made it so that that's in every open-world game now" I wonder how many other game mechanics are like that. Apparently the concept of regenerating health was pioneered by, of all things, Yoshi's Island, or at least it inspired Halo's regenerating energy shield.
Well I mean it’s super difficult to be completely original now unless your idea is completely absurd. Yes 30 years ago games were more original but there was a fraction of games then than there is today so there is little wonder we end up borrowing elements from existing games.
I see, i FEEL the irony
just like darksouls
Thanks for finally talking about this man, I've honestly had enough of reviewers likening every single game to another game, "yakuza 0 has cheap knockoff arkham combat. " "enter the gungeon is a better spelunky. " "spelunky is a better isaac. " "Isaac is a zelda knockoff. ", there is no such thing as originality in many game reviewers eyes, you either take from one thing, or mix many things to create your copied systems, no person can be original now.
This video is clearly takes inspiration from dark souls
well................at least Knack is original
a little something from everyone, 8.9/10
you gotta understand dr. Funkle, game mechanics can not be unique and different in a multitude of ways making them their own sort of mechanics in their own way, every single game copies pong in that they are all video games, can't believe how nearly every game copies this one mechanic!
Dunkey describes games like this all the fucking time
People don't have the vocabulary to describe games so they have to make comparisons of past titles for the average person. Cause people don't know terms like"immersive sim" or "character action". But also more terms need to be invented cuz right now it's feeling a lot like the '90s where every first person shooter was called a "doom clone".
This HAlo 3 GAME is sorta like a combination of HALO2 and the original HALO game
Dark souls
Gettin' Dark Soul'ed? I know what that's like. Breath of the Wild City.
I mean, it’s not a bad thing to quickly explain a game by comparing it to something that defines a genre. People do it all the time with movies. The point of this review is to take a game that everyone’s heard about so they have some clue what you’re talking about.
Dark souls was the first strand type game
I was waiting for dunkey to talk for so long
What's an adjective?
This piece of unoriginal shit will make you FEEL like an unoriginal piece of shit. 10/10 -IGN
To be fair this happens in any art form. Artists use heavy inspiration from the classics, it's impossible to be completely original. It's just that games and systems are even harder to be unique. But yeah there definitely is a section of the videogame industry that focuses only on safe cash-grabs by making derivative games. Praise Miyazaki
Dark Souls III has clear inspirations on Dark Souls
I had a depressing series of thoughts on this topic, just like music it feels like we're gonna run out of original ideas very soon here, right?
Guy Who Has Only Played Dark Souls, Playing His Second Game: Man, I'm getting a lot of Dark Souls vibes from this . . .
"there's no game like this one apart from these 10 other games im going to list now"
This video is a far cry from being like skyrim with guns
Tennis for two is a video game that I have never seen before. It draws heavy inspiration from games such as table tennis and golf.
Thanks i hate it
Change the title to "Originality in game reviews"
I think the reason we see all these comparisons being made is that it's just kind of a human way of describing things rather than a lack of originality. Like when describing how something new tastes you're going to compare it to something that it doesn't necessarily taste like. I know this is a bad example but if you've never had cereal before you'll probably compare it to bread or something. Also there's stuff like when 1st person shooters came out, they kept being called doom clones until being recognised as its own genre.
In all seriousness, we're past the point of entirely new experiences. Everything is going to be based on something else, even if it does so in fresh and unique ways.
Character Action Game?! That’s a horrendous name as it tells us fuck all. Spectacle Fighter.
You never said so much with so little words
This video fell like ign review I give it sold 10
This video felt extremely long for its length
“Original ideas are just stolen ideas that ur brain remixed.”  I think one of the creators of Rick And Morty said that.
im sorry dunkey i am gonna have to leave a dislike, this video made me feel dead inside. :(
idk why lot of of reviews categorize a game based on similarities with other games than what kind a genre it is, i know it’s easier to understand a game or piece of art, i do that sometimes but i always feel bad and wrong, i think it’s the lazy way to explain/understand things and when i do that i feel like i am mocking the dev  but COD really takes inspiration from COD games
I personally think that comparing a new game with other beloved ones is a useful technique in reviews so the audience can sorta imagine what the game feels like without having played it.  But in the examples that dunkey shows here there are several issues that should be avoided: 1) When a reviewer says that a game is unique and "like no other" and then immediately compares it to other similar games (Which, granted, can be a good argument if you're saying the combined mechanics of several games can feel like a unique experience but you gotta be careful when you say that) 2) When a reviewer uses way too many examples to describe a game. Just one or two are fine, but five or six is just too much. It kinda muddles the identity of the game you're reviewing and makes it sound like a cheap knockoff of other games. 3) When a reviewer mentions the similarities to other games as a good thing...and then knocks a few points off the final score for being "derivative"  I feel like it's important to clarify this because dunkey's fans can be quite stubborn and take his videos at face value. I'm pretty sure dunkey himself has nothing against this technique itself, but thought it was funny/important to show some examples of game reviewers using it wrong and/or overusing it.  (Also, I was surprised when I saw that old review of God of War 1 saying it took after DMC1 and Onimusha 1. Like, it was something that game reviewers had been doing since forever. And it's especially hilarious because GOW1 would eventually end up being used to describe other games that were inspired by it in the future...)
Did you guys know every game is just a ripoff of dark souls? Fact.
Only Mount & Blade 2 is clearly the original game ... with inspirations drawn from M&B1
Has Dunkey played Ghostrunner? Pretty original and a sick game too
This video is really taking some inspiration from dark souls
I know it's annoying, but they're kind of incentivized to relate new games to already familiar games in order for the consumer to have a more informed purchase. That being said, this is very much a love letter to fans of dark souls and the legend of Zelda series as a whole.
This gets a Dark Souls outta Breath of the Wild from me.
I mean this is all just a common persuasion tactic. Reviewers, marketers, etc try and use references that may relate to a target audience.
i like dark souls
Video games are dead. Long live video games.
I never realized I hated this until I watched this video. This has totally changed my paradigm. Good work big dunk.
No one wants to take a risk + no one wants to pay for a risk..... kinda like dark souls.
Yeah demon souls really borrows a lot from darks souls too, now that I think about it
I hate everything being compared to darksouls. Deathloop is nothing like darksouls.
This video makes you FEEL like a reviewer.
This is the dark souls of comment sections.
This video should just be titled "Games Journalists Part III"
ok how long did it take you to edit this?
You can see that this video is also inspired by dark souls.
You could say that Garfield Kart is kinda like the Dark Souls of kart racers
"They stole a lot of ideas to make this game, but this time I liked it, so I'll give it a 10 for originality"
This video really makes me *feel* like Dark Souls.
I feel like this is more of an issue with game reviewers than the games themselves.
Thank you Dark Souls, very cool!  ... The plunging attack.
This game make you feel like you're playing Dark Souls
Theres nothing quite like this game. Except all these games that it’s like
Yea know i may hate it, but fornut dosen't get compared to anything else. Sure its a br, but theres more too it than that. It seems pretty orginal from a outside perspective.
I kept waiting for this to turn into a video essay lol. It would be cool to see some deep analysis of why video games are like this, ways that it can be bad for the medium, and the ways that its necessary and sometimes even fascinating for the artistic development of video games as a whole
“Farcry it’s like Skyrim with guns”- Adam Kovic
Ah yes and a gun in a game is like everything else ?
The comparisons make it so the journalists don’t actually need to talk about anything.
This is like the Gorbino’s Quest of Life
Mmmmm no bookworm adventures deluxe? Proof it is untouchable
Guys there are the gex games at my arcade, should I play them ?
dark souls? ive played that metroidvania before. Also nothing is really original cause thats not how our brains work when we come up with things.
Bing bong. What’s up dude.
The only argument I can make in favor of these reviewers is that in my opinion, Zelda has started to become nearly a genre of its own. It's been so iconic over the ages, that it's hard not to compare nearly any adventure-based RPG to one of the zelda games. That being said, that doesn't mean that the comparison needs to be made.
Has there ever been a novel idea? All creative work is derivative and built on the shoulders of those who came before, it's a beautiful thing, perhaps the real issue is our referential vernacular when describing games.
What’s that game at 2:17?
All these game mechanics came from knack for starters..........
There’s nothing wrong with comparing games to other games or acknowledging a similar formula, but when you start to do that at the expense of the game’s own merits, that’s when you might need to take it down a little.
Don’t forget about the “strand” type games
So every game is a new installment of the Zelda or Dark Souls franchises good to know
This Video takes clear Inspiration from crowbat and other Videos from this Series
Can... can we just say Souls-like is a sub-genre now? I think that'd just make things a lot easier for everyone involved.
big heavy sigh.
Man you should give Xcom 2 a try, it’s like halo wars with the comedic dialogue  and wit of Gex with a splash of Mario odyssey. Classic. May have played it for an hour
It's the dark souls of games that aren't dark souls.
I thought that the dunk was going to come in and rant at some point. But that clearly wasn’t needed.
Dark souls is inspired by courage the cowardly dog
really makes you feel like Zelda rescuing the princess
Dunkey that was the longest three and a half minutes of my life
Standing on the shoulders of giants.
Standing on the shoulders of giants
The lesson in this video is that everything is a rip off of Zelda
Bruh these reviewers just won’t let the games speak for themselves or be their own thing
Those video games really makes you FEEL like a video games
Damn this made me almost hate reviewers lol
I think about this all the time.
If Riot Games has taught me anything, you can make a career out of one-upping someone else
Hearing Onimusha made me happy. Just hearing it
''Dark soul game really take inspirational from Dark soul''
"This game is a lot like Zelda." -Every video games
this gave me a stroke
Elden Ring is gonna be the Dark Souls of Breath of the Wild
This is really the Dark Souls of youtube videos
- Wait, it's all dark souls?? - Always has been.
You’ve made your case.  Now we wait…
I mean... everything comes from something else, dunk.
This video is just like Dark Souls!
Basically Berserk is the womb of modern videogames
You either have its a dark souls of strand type game or exaggerated swagger of black teen.
The 300 dislikes are all the ign reviewers that got called out. Nice move Dunk!
"This is like playing Demon souls at Dark souls's house." -Bloodborne
Thank you dark souls
I just hate it when people compare everything to everything. Okay fine we get it, shut up. It's the same with music really. We never just call anything original anymore. Sad.
This says as much about game journalist as it does about unoriginal games.
It’s what happens when dumb people start critiquing stuff
Someday someone with a big brain will come up with the idea of combining Breath of the Wild with Dark Souls and the universe will implode upon itself.
is this a crowbcat video?
These games don't even look like Sekiro or dark souls gameplay. If I hear "like Dark souls" one more time, I'm going to start doing my own damn reviews. At least then, there could be some originality in the review space. Also nobody wants to listen to some Irish fella talk about video games, the industry has been warned. Ha ha ha.
Dunkey is like Zelda and Devil May Cry gameplay with Counter Strike graphics. You know?
“This fighter game is like GlinkaDump and Death dead die” -game critics
Gex 4D IS LOOKING TIGHT
You think that's bad, you should see what Hollywood is up to...
There are no original games anymore. We made all the games.
My life has clearly taken inspiration from 'Dark Souls'
videogamedunkey plays just like Silvermania!
Everyone mentioning dark souls just wanna flex that they played it.
Game: *has swords* Reviewer: Definitely Dark Souls inspired
Comparison is always a good jumping off point, more indepth and elaborate descriptions can come after.
The two elements of gaming, "Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild" and "Dark Souls"
I fucking hate games rn.  All of them have the same fucking layout, in losing my shit for thinking about this.   All the maps are the same, all the menu's are the same, even the stories are. Nothing is fucking inventive in any form or way.
So is it not okay to compare games to other games to help people understand what kind of game they can expect? Im about to start reviewing games myself and am genuinely curious if that’s something that’s become taboo? I get that it’s annoying that every is generally compared to Zelda or Dark Souls. But can we not compare games anymore with the intention of helping a player understand what the game will feel like before they play it?
"There is nothing quite like this."... wait a minute
You know a dunkey video bouta be good when it says " (blank)  in videogames "
🤦🏻‍♂️
God please make it stop
Yes, humans compare current experiences to past ones. This is like the dark souls of comments
"You don't make me money if you don't follow the trend" - Abraham Lincoln (Who was inspired by Gorge Washington)
this is like mario bruddas 2 in ted bundy's basement
In this unique video, Dunkey combines the criticism and cynicism of TotalBiscuit with the pacing and energy of a vine compilation
Drama Thirsday's is the Breath of the Wild Thursdays which is obviously inspired by the Dark Souls of Drama Monday's...which borrows from Hades.
Whose elevator pitch is this?
I mean, the environmental art style of Genshin Impact does have an uncanny similarity to Breath of the Wild...  And there are some attack animations that look very, very similarly to some of Nier Automata's attacks...
This is pretty funny showing it all, but it is true that there are quite a lot of souls-like games. Cuphead is not, but Neoh is. And Botw's features are very prevalent in a lot of games these days. So it's both funny and sort of true
Seeing these clips of game reviews from different decades shows how videogame journalists still don't know how to play videogames
To be fair though.... ALL art is inspired by that before it.   The "Originality" comes from if the "new art" deviates enough from it predecessors. That's art. It's just who can do it better than everyone else and capitalize on it 🤷‍♂️  Sincerely,  An architecture student in his last year
Guys, what if we did a game where it's like Dark Souls meets Zelda: Breath of the Wild?
Ign is trash. Bye.
Video games journalist are a joke
This video game is a video game, kind of reminds me of pong
My aspirations for life are inspired by Bookworm Adventures.
Man,how long they gonna take "dark soul* etc as a reference when reviewing a game, No hate on the game..  But isn't that just how action adventure and other genre work Just because it's maybe have unforgiving experience and some other feature.. It doesn't always equal to darksoul right?  Why not call it "an unforgiving action RPG" instead?  Sorry if my opinion kinda confusing But hey,take it with a grain of salt👌😁
Never say "I never played a game like this" and then compare it to other games lmao.
Dath Stranding is like walking but for real, using your legs, in real life
Zelda did it
Media can't be compared to other media? Awful video
This video is the Dark Souls of Cuphead of The Legend of Zelda of Guilty Gear Xrd Rev 2.
What’s that first game called?
What "themed" dark souls do you want? Weeb dark souls? Furry dark souls?
Give me a game that has the combat of Monster Hunter, the open world of Breath of the Wild, the story of Witcher 3 and the challenge of Dark Souls
Hey, you want to know why reviewers do this? It's because, if you're a player of said game they're referencing. You might be more inclined to play this game.  And before I hear anybody say: "oh this is just a game thing", this has been going way back to the day, when the books were the primary source of entertainment.  (Side note: There's nothing wrong with making game similar to another game, Overwatch, one of my favorite games of all time, had a heavy Team Fortress 2 influence. And yet, literally everybody is okay with that. I realize that is just one example but there are plenty others out there )
I did the same thing to Craftopia inspired by Breath Of The Wild 😹
I was waiting for a "Dark Souls took inspiration from Zelda's Z targeting system"
We live in a society
Vidya gams
What a coincidence. I'm literally playing Dark Souls right now, and have been thinking of playing Ocarina of Time again for a few days.
dunkey is like the dark souls of youtube channels
Game developers back then: we're gonna make an original game    Game developers now: We're gonna make a game with stamina management, like dark souls, with the combat of bayonetta. As for the climbing, we're gonna make the climbing quite similar to breath of the wild. When it comes to the dialogue, we're gonna add the sense of humor of dmc 3. We're gonna make cool weapons, like the ones from bioshock. Now, the fun part, the chase sequence is gonna be like uncharted, and the QTE's are gonna be like the ones from God of war. Trust us, this is totally original
Booba
It's basically a mix of Dark Souls, Titanfall, Mario Kart, Hunie Pop and Knack II
and?
I've never played Dark Souls or a Legend of Zelda game so that's a bit awkward. I think I did buy one of the zelda games for DS but not played it yet as I barely have touched the console besides a bit of mario kart
more like video game journalism just straight out sucks
Proves that geniuses are rare and retards are everywhere to steal and plagiarize everything  Are we still in high school?
EVERTHING IS ZELDA
what I always find funny is when a game series that's like 17 years old releases a game say MHWorld and they say it took inspiration from Dark Souls as if the game series wasn't made before Dark Souls was a thing
"Darksiders has taken clear inspiration from Dark Souls" Darksiders release: 2010 Dark Souls release: 2011 Okay.
This video was made to prove that Knack was original and nothing is like it
Dunkey, you're a fucking genius man. I love you. Keep on keepin' on, you beautiful bastard.
so every game is zelda, devil may cry, and dark souls? this reminds me of the good old days, back when we got dark souls which played like demons souls
I personally fine with games not being fully original, as long it's fun, enjoyable, and can sucked me into the world that the dev made. Nowadays, you can make an original game from inspiration that you got from games that already exist. But holy fuckity shit, why these people call everything is dark souls inspired game. Just because it's hard, gloomy, and has doge roll doesn't mean it's dark souls
This is why I actually really liked Death Stranding. That game is 100% original. Maybe not everyone enjoys that gameplay, but the story/mechanics/overall feel is unlike anything else out there.
Facts
"This Dark Souls seems to be quite the influential game."  ~ John Darksoul, Protagonist of the Hit-Franchise Dark Souls, also known for classic sayings as: "It is always darkest before the soul."
Did ya'll know that FIFA 20XX is based off of European Soccer?
Games journalism is a fraudulent industry. This shit sounds like a 3rd grade book report, with clear inspiration from a science fair project and also Zelda.
Sometimes old ideas are just better.
IN THE BEGGINING, GOD CREATED DARK SOULS AND ZELDA....
Dark Souls borrows heavily from Ghosts n Goblins.
Wait till we get to an exploration 2d game, then it's all metroid or castlevania
I like how your own voice actually appeared towards the end. Like you picked the best skits objectively and yours just appeared once. Brilliant.
Unironically great video from dunkey despite its simplicity. It's literally just examples of the thing he's talking about, there's a single joke at the end, all you really have to go off of is the title and the one thing present in the video. A really clever way to vent about the industry.
it's a shame nobody wants to copy GOOD ideas from other games
M
SIMPSONS DID IT
I hate how every game with climbing with a stamina bar calling it like BOTW. I mean didn't people play Skyward Sword?
No one is talking about this but Dark souls 3 has clearly taken inspiration from dark souls 1!!
Your last couple of videos have been a good return to form. It’s extremely telling of the shoddy state of both the games industry and the games journalism industry when all you need to do to poke fun at them is post clips of their terribly bland and formulaic unoriginality. These video reviews that are just narrated versions of somebody’s bad high school journalism are laughable.   Also it feels like the main problem with the games industry right now is that there are just far too many highly mediocre games. Back in the day, only a handful of games would be released every month and so you’d be more likely to find quality over quantity; nowadays it’s a lot harder to find something good in amongst all the shovelware.
Dark souls is a great game though, I mean it DID borrow huge inspirations from this game called Dark Souls.
This is why I like Dunkey's videos, he's just like paid YouTube actor Timothy Brentwood.
videogamedunkey is crowbcat confirmed
That new derect
I’m starting to think that I’m just a dark souls knockoff.
You just clipped a bunch of videos together. I love it! Thank you!
There's just nothing quite like it....   ...Apart from these other 4 games that its like.
When you realize that Dark Souls is inspired from big bean burrito, it all makes sense !
It has a little bit for everyone.
hahaha im first guys
All art is iterative, this is nothing new.
I believe I haven't played an original game ever since the final days of PS2. And I'm a hardcore parkour  gaemer.
Videogamedunkey more like Videogamemonkey am I right ?
First Strand type video
the only original game that has come out since the release of Dark Souls is Death Stranding
Yeah man Mother 3 is definitely the Ace Attourney of Dark Souls and it clearly borrows the stamina meter from Breath Of The Wild with sandbox elements akin to Minecraft Wii U Edition
this video is just like crowbcat's videos
Skyward sword=stamina wheel
The only reason we older peeps play is to reach into the past... all that we lost.  Trying to make new sand to watch fall between our fingers...
Ur goated Dunkey
sanek is dark souls of hedgehogs
These reviews make you feel like you are actually a "reviewer"
There’s no such thing as a completely original game. Even if you were to completely disregard all possible sources of inspiration, it would be impossible (or nearly impossible) to make something that has no resemblance to any other game. This has more to do with the limits of the medium than it does with originality / lack of originality on the part of creators. TLDR: not following you here, Dunk. unless this is just making fun of game journos
Ah yes, game journalist...
Its hard to make something new nowadays
Gotta say, I kinda disagree with this idea. Saying a game is like other games in reviews can often be a shorthand for readers to quickly identify what kind of game the reviewer is talking about, especially with the amount of games that borrow a lot from dark souls. And I don't think taking a few things from a successful game it's necessarily an issue, after all creativity can also be shown by taking an stablished mechanic and putting a twist on it.
yeah, gettin' some real "Boss Baby" vibes from this one...
Probably my favorite type of Dunkey video. Where he lets the clips for themselves.
*plays No More Heroes 2*  this really is the No More Heroes of video games with 2 in it
is this criticism of the games or of the reviewers?
its a bit funny seeing all those reviews saying that the climbing mechanic of breath of the wild has been copied to many other games, but Shadow of Colossus (and maybe other games too) has done this in the past ages ago.
I like how all of those dark souls comparisons are for games that focus on melee combat but share literally no other similarities
It really makes you feel like the algorithm
At least they didn't knock off John Darksoul the main protagonist of the hit series "Dark Souls". And his famous quote: "Every soul has it's dark" - John Darksoul
33 minutes late
Something not many konw is Dark Souls is just twilight princess zelda, so really they are all zelda likes.
There's never been anything like this game, except all the games it's trying to be.
How tf he combined death loop with hitman???
I was just thinking about this topic because I recently started playing deep rock galactic, which borrows elements from TF2, L4D and to some extent Minecraft. The thing is, the game utilizes all of these similarities in a way that makes comparisons relatively superficial. I think taking inspiration from other games is completely valid, just like all forms of art, but it seems that there are a lot more games treading the fine line between inspiration and bootlegging these days.
Everything is just Dark souls :)
Pretty good but forgot to include the cancerous word that is "metroidvania"
Oh these good ol’ times when there were only two sexes and only two games - Zelda and Dark Souls.
Me: My dad died today.                                Game reviewer: Taken clear inspiration from Dark souls
Hey games "Journalists"... Imagine I never played any of the games you reference.
I love the Metal Gear series and how it took Dark Souls gameplay and made it seem like Devil May Cry and Street Fighter
I think the bigger problem here is that the only way these people know how to describe games is by the easiest way possible, which is comparing it with other things you already know. A lot of the games in this video actually have tons of original ideas but everything is inspired by something or another, so that's the first thing people think of when trying to describe them.
I get it. Dark Souls, Zelda, DMC, JRPG, Anime, Octopath Traveler.
lmao try warframe i honestly cannot refer any games to it
I like the video, but lets not confuse ideas: You can make a game original as much as you want, you will always find your basic gameplay/mechanics/influences based on other games that came prior, this doesn't take away originality. And yes you can make a completely never made before game (baba is you for example), but many people would find it confusing or unfamiliar. Like writing a story, i can try to be original as i want but i need to use words that everyone comprehends in an order that, in the end, will make sense. And if i try to write my original story, i will in any case take ispiration from somewhere.  I think i made my point, also, let's not forget that after something happens in human history and it is given a name, everything after it comes to term with it. A king got stabbed? Do you remember about julius caesar? They gave them armbands? Do you remember the jews and the genocides? Have you made a place to sit out of wood and pillows and called it sofa? Like a big comfy chair?  EVERYTHING will be paragonated to something that is considered common knowledge
It's not the originality problem we have, it's the developer take on the genre, often devs do the same thing over and over without adding something new.
"This game is all games!"
I wonder how many of these reviews make English/Vocab teachers cringe? Pretty soon they'll be able to just use sound boards.
i dont really get the point being made
And I don't even like dark souls
Dark Souls deserve more thanks "Thank you, Dark Souls"
Calling these games a "new dark souls" or "similar to dark souls" literally disrespect dark souls itself,like people call every new game dark souls but with *blank* ,even shooters. People that actually played dark souls know that it's incredibly unique and no other game has achieved that kind of uniqueness and feeling when you play it.
Game: Literally just part of a game genre Gaming “experts”: It has platforms, like other platformers, but why? Hmmm they must be copying Mario
I get the feeling that nobodies actually played dark souls before
Dark Souls this, Zelda that. No one's talking about how many games are influenced by Death Stranding, the Strand type gaming that revolutionized it all.
I understand his point but if i feel like nowadays it's hard to be original. You may think u have the next insane gameplay mechanic and then realize some other game already did it. I feel like people should give developers just a little bit of slack. It's hard nowadays to be original when big companies want games ASAP instead of taking their time.
I know this is joke, but when you have references to popular games that almost everybody has played, why would you not use them to explain something else that share similar qualities?   If somebody asks you what frog or snake taste like, they usually reference something like chicken because everybody has tried it. Dark souls, Zelda, Devil May Cry are the chicken all the video game world.
This video got my anxiety thru the roof
It’s definitely a problem, but a problem I understand. It’s easy to get the reader/viewer to picture what a game is like if you compare it to something they already know.  But at the same time I’m convinced games journalists are running bets to see how often they can cram a Dark Souls reference into their reviews.
so basically any platformer game is part super mario
We live in a society where no game takes inspiration from Knack. What a pathetic society.
Does someone know the name of the game at 2:09? Edit: Its called Sable, included in xbox game pass and actually a really chill game.
You don't edit your own videos anymore?
Let's be honest here, games are like any other artistic medium. Eventually human originality runs out and you start to run into repetition. I can't remember who made the argument for this but basically it states that people haven't been "composing" original music since the days of Bach. Because ultimately people now get influenced by a bunch of different things and come up with this sort of melting pot of influences. So, ultimately, people have been ripping each other off in music since those Bach days. The people who are most original still win though. Then again, in pop music you basically have the same chords repeating so much that there's even lawsuits flying around now for who copied who.  My point is - we might have reached a similar point with gaming. But it doesn't mean people can't be original anymore. There's just a lot of money to be made in this industry so inevitably shit gets copy pasted more often than it should because successful games act like formula bases for others to "improve" upon. However, it ain't always in the best interest to make an improvement or be original - attempts to make weird shit can backfire. Look at all the souls like games that have popped up over the years - they're all essentially the same formula just used in different contexts. And for better or worse it works and people are into that shit. I think in the end devs are afraid to experiment and it's understandable as any given company is just trying to run a business.  Still, there's always some creative genius that produces something truly original once in a while. It's just very rare.
This just makes you wonder; what was the ORIGINAL original game?   The answer: Bookworm Adventures
I don’t see any Gex copies
This video clearly takes inspiration of Game Critics (Part 2)
I mean I get what your trying to say here Dunkey, but all of the best games over time take inspirations from somewhere, no idea is truly 100% unique, and while some games are a lot more of a knock off than others, I think its much more important to look at what differentiates games rather than what makes them overly similar.
I've heard that Darksiders 3 is the ONLY pure action game
Please play Mad Dash Racing
All these games just ripped off of Gex like cmon.
"This is like when I played Dark Souls in Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" ~Gex
Everything is inspired by Dark Souls, COD/Halo, Zelda, Bayonetta, or Mario. Also a combination of different aspects of these games.
Im happy that Destiny 2 feels like your playing Destiny 2....then again, it pulls ties from Destiny 1.
This is the Dark Souls of dunkey videos
welcome to next gen gaming where every game is either zelda or dark souls
Well, people want something familiar, not Lobotomy Corporation
This video takes a lot of queues from dark souls and breath of the wild.
"These games all may have something from everyone" -IGN
Wow, it's crazy that Dark Souls and The Legend of Zelda are the only two video games ever made.
Still waiting on Gex Souls
“Just play dark souls then”
Rocket League is the only original game, which is why Dunkey is going pro! See you in RLCS Dunkey!
It's a good thing Dark Souls didn't copyright their battle mechanics xD
Its fine short hand to immediately get someone to understand what a game is going for/feels like, or to get someone interested, but equating EVERY 3rd person action game (or game thats difficult) with Dark Souls, or just replacing the most basic rogue like mechanics and calling something just Hades, is kinda pushin it
This game really makes you feel like Dark Souls
Definitely the best video guide to buying dark soul like games now I will finally go out to buy these games, thanks donkey!
If this dark souls is so good, then where is dark souls 2??
Damn I checked the time, and realised I had passed the longest minute of my life
"It's like" "with" and "it takes inspiration from" the two fabled words and one fabled sentence
ah, i can not wait to see the slew of videos that will now be borrowing elements from classic ideas found in videogamedunkey productions.
I mean they don't do the comparisons, because they accuse them of stealing, but so their audience can estimate how the game could be. For what other people would they do this reviews if not for people who didn't play it yet.
Even my maths assignment is inspired from dark souls 🥲
clearly knack 2 is the most original game
Ehh it's not "originality" per sé but mentioning games of the year as buzzwords none of those games invented those mechanics or game play either.
This was painful to sit through.
Every videogame after 2011 will take "inspiration" from Dark Souls.
9/10. It has a little Dark Souls for everyone.
Why didn't you include a real original game review, like Knack or even Knack 2?
Its like skyrim with guns
ah yes, game journalism
It's always fucking dark souls.  Dark souls wasn't even that good
IS THAT A DARK SOULS REFERENCE?
The problem is unoriginal reviews, not unoriginal games. What does "It's like Dark Souls" even mean?  Difficulty? Trial and error? Weapon upgrade crafting? Lack of music outside of boss encounters? Gigantic bosses? A "souls-esque" soundtrack? A dodge roll? A shield? Any functionality that serves to lessen damage you might take from an attack? A sad story? 3rd person camera controls? Slow attack animations? Fast attack animations? Stamina bars? Health bars?  Magic attacks? Combat commands mapped to the controller bumpers? Combat-oriented gameplay with hints of platforming mixed throughout?  Medieval armor? STYLIZED medieval armor! Or does it just mean the reviewer rushed through the game so they can't explain it very well, and just decided to say the quickest surface-level comparison they can so they can make their money and move on to the next game?
you don't get it dunkey, its like "the dark souls of soup-type games"
Pretty lazy video :/
I'm not sure what your point is dunkey... most creative things take inspiration form something pre existing, even if its just the view outside your window, or the way you felt doing a b or c... you could argue its lazy to use such comparisons when making your game, or even reviewing a game, but you can easily also argue that its a good way to build up gamefeel, or explain a concept to a person who hasn't yet experienced something firsthand.
"Where there's genre, there's generic." -Yahtzee
Originality is overrated, I mean Call of Champions is basically Chaotic 2
my man spoke for 5 secs in this vid
This just proves every game is dark souls
This video gave me cancer
I dont get your point dude,yeah INSPIRATION EXIST AND NOT EVERUTHING IS A GAME CHANGER LIKE DEMONS SOULS
Such an original video that it's mostly other people's content
Took inspiration from my life of being alive, but dead inside.
Lets not forget that these are also strand type games
What they don’t tell you is how these games really make you feel like dark souls.
This is a great video  Yet very similair to videos from Barny, MagikarpUseFly and Pyrocynical
If you want original try my new game "snake nuice" and rate 5 stars
dunkey always delivers
"Nothing is created, everything is transformed" – Antoine Lavoisier
The enemies have a health bar, you can roll, and there's a stamina bar, so clearly they were inspired by Flashback, the hit Sega Genesis game
This is why I don’t like the last of us 2 like they literally just ripped off everything from the last of us even the name.
There is nothing new under the sun. Everything is just a rehash of other things in different ways. Some things are just more blatantly copied than others.
it became so casual to say that it is inspired by breathe of the wild that makes it so frustrating to hear it.
But does it FEEL like Dark Souls?
I think this is really the first Souls type game
Every conversation about Video games I have with friends, Co-Workers or who ever has everyone really excited about some kind of release. Where as I find myself completely uninterested in new games and I feel it's due to everything being compared to another game or a previous installment, a part of me though perhaps I'm just getting older and losing interest? No, I think Dunkey has hit the nail on the head, there is no originality in video games anymore, everything is a remake, remaster, sequel, prequel or a combination of a few classic games rolled into one "new" title.
This is not just a problem in video games I think when people talk about media or entertainment in general it’s just references to everything else because why would we ever want to have original thoughts about what we’ve experienced
Imagine a combination of gameplay from the Devil May Cry series, and Super Mariokart. That’s basically what you’re getting into with this video
Honestly I think this is more a reflection of stale game criticism than games itself. This is partly due to how quickly a lot of these reviews need to be churned out.
games journalism has not been the same since TB died.
dunkey has taken clear inspiration from crowbcat
what can i say reviewers are just uneducated gamer college dropouts whose vocabulary consists of using other games as an adjective to describe other games.
This video is hard to watch, like Dark Souls
If you can die in a video game its obviously jus dark souls dumbass
“This game makes you feel like Dark Souls”
can't compare knack to nothing baby
The only OG game in the industry is Tennis for Two, the rest copied the ideia of game made in a computer from there. We dont know how do nothing original anymore in any media, everything was finished by the caveman that made a cock on his cavern
Dunkey's video has clearly taken heavy inspiration from Dark Souls' combat with the stamina bar management and climbing mechanics of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and also the fast paced fights of the Devil May Cry games
One guy writes a review calling SMTIV the "Dark Souls of Persona" and suddenly Dark Souls is a genre.
Basically, all art is derivative. This isn't unique to video games.
This industry is sooo incestuous :/
games haven't been original since forever
wow videogamedunkey, what a great video, its a great mix of youtubers Angry video game nerd and vinesauce
Death Stranding. The first strand type game. Originality is out there!
This video has similar gameplay to book worm, has adventure relating to Uncharted, and a setting a lot like dark souls
This is why we need more strand type games
Just play Noita it's like dark souls of Terraria
if you look closely you can see that almost none is original
Madden 2016 has a lot of the functionality of Madden 2014, Madden 05, and of course, takes some inspiration from Zelda
Originality in Video Games Journalism
"Oh, this is the whole video-"
theres no game quite like it except for these dozens of other games
*PLAY FIGHTING GAMES IT'S THE ONLY FUN GAME GENRE LEFT WITH REAL-TIME PET SIMULATION VIDEO GAME*
dark souls clearly takes inspiration from pong.
Its such a depressing reality that everyone will compare your game to another game.   Its so hard to be original in any art medium because most new things are just a bunch of little pieces of inspiration to make one big thing.  It’s harder in Game Dev because EVERYONE loves to compare already.
when one game do thing, no other game must do that thing
Classic
Originality in Video Game Reviews
Anyone know what game that is at 0:21 ?
Welllll in all fairness, given how many genre have been explored, making something 100% original and unique would be damn nearly impossible now  It’s fine to take inspiration from another idea as long as it’s built upon and bettered as a result 👍
This is more a critique of myopic reviewers than the games themselves. If your main reference point for one game is another game, that's gonna be an issue.
It's clear to see that the outro is a complete knockoff of videogamedunkey. But that isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Dark souls took inspiration from Demon souls, so everything is also just Demon souls as well
Dunkey is the Dark Souls of Youtube
God i hate the common journo insect.
I mean...what could be new...making it all chibi
I don't understand the point of this video. It's just easier to describe similarities to popular games in the genre
I’ve taken inspiration for my life, from the game of life.
If you think about it, breath of the wild takes a lot of inspiration from the hit franchise dar-
watching this video made me actually feel like Spider-man
This video really makes you feel like dunkey
No part were they say gta was inspired by saints row XD
I mean... at the end of the day, isn't everything like Dark Souls?  Just a means to an end...?
Original=/=automatically good. If you do what others already did, but better, I don’t see that as a negative.
Journalists stop comparing games challenge seems to have failed miserably (I say as I do it all the time) >:|
This is the dark souls of strand-type videos
I think game journalists are uncreative
Hey, did you know that Dark Souls invented gaming?
can't tell if this is mocking game journalist's lack of vocabulary or video game's lack of originality. Or both.
videogamedunkey clearly can make a video about anything and people watch it
I'm gonna be honest here, I think comparisons are a very logical way to describe games as trying to describe how gameplay feels is a lot harder than just explaining what happens in a film and getting a reference point in there makes it a lot easier for people to get it. While some reviewers might overdo it in general it's a good practice and I'm happy it's as common as it is.
"This reminds me of that time I played charades on Conor McGregor's yacht." -Gex
IGN: "A stamina meter for climbing just like Breath of the Wild." Shadow of the Colossus: "Am I a joke to you?"
Dankey. Are you going to review Psychonauts 2? I wanna know what you thought
A game of references, got it.
so there isnt any original games anymore
Little did you know the best dunkey video is one where he almost never speaks
a game with sword combat: this is a dark souls inspired game
I mean if you want to be quite literally the human brain is incapable of making new ideas it simply combines ones it already knows
You will always hear "DMC", "Zelda" or "Dark Souls" with a sprinkle of "Halo"
This is why Death Stranding is the most original game ever made. It might actually be the first game since Dark Souls to not take inspiration from Dark Souls. They even made a new genre for it
Guess what. Everything is a combination of some things.
im waiting for the punch line
Damn Dunk, slam dunk
Now the real question is, what inspired dark soul?
if its even a bit hard its dark souls
Pog
so many hidden jokes in every line, definitely inspired by Gex
Ah, the subtle prod of the Dunkey.
Daring today aren't we?
All video games are basically pong
This video is the Dark Souls of review criticism.
If I'm doing a drinking game to a ign review I'm gonna get wasted in the first minute.
Deathloop vid coming?
Where are all the metal gear and splinter cell knockoffs? Or is the 3rd person stealth genre just dead now. :(
This video gives me major Persona 5, Zelda, Dark Souls, Knack 2 vibes
I heard Elden Ring took elements of Dark Souls AND Breath of the Wild
Every 3rd person action melee game ever made .... Critics: this game clearly takes inspiration from dark souls
What about Death Stranding and Vangers?? Maaaaaan
*any new game*  Gaming journalists: DrAwS INSpIRatiON fROm BreATh oF tHe WiLD    But in all seriousness breath of the wild was a very influential game
It's almost like ima need to do this sht myself and blow the doors off this closeted industry.
Yo
this was a lot like a nakeyjakey/crowbcat video
Thank you, Dark Souls.
Dark Souls is really like the Knack 2 of video games
Somebody out there has never even seen gameplay of dark souls and is probably confused everytime it gets brought up
This video is good like pizza, fun like kicking people in Deathloop and ironic like that song ironic. Classic 5/5
Funkey is favourite burrito
What was the car game @ 1:47 ?
originality is great, no doubt. but similarities can make somethings more relatable and familiar. i think that it is not all bad.
I cant wait for them to compare a Need for Speed game to Dark Souls. Or has it already happened?
Yea, and they all taste like chicken.
basically: every game is a dark souls and breath of the wild knockoff
wow critics are really stupid these games are some cheap knock offs of knack 2
I get it. All games are just blatant copies of Minesweeper.
Being original is indeed a feat, but many tropes have already been utilized. Unfortunately, most critics are just incapable of recognizing a trope for what it is and compare it straight away to the most recent game they can think of that matches it. Thus this video really feels like A dunkey video
well I see a pattern of a large number of games being described as a zelda type game.
Surprised this didn't have craftopia in it
Maybe I misread the argument dunkey's making, but I don't think there is a single game you can find out there that doesn't borrow from another game.  I hate to break it but every piece of art takes from things that already exist.  The level at which they do it of course can be judged, but simply judging the fact that games reuse mechanics from other games is a frankly dull and obvious thing to make mention of.  That's how art works and will always work.  If an artist came up with something completely uninspired by anything, well...it would be just that.  Uninspired.  Lame.  Hard to grasp and meaningless.  Games are no different.
when did crowbcat take over this channel?  Also i think its good when games build on the good stuff in other games, but its bad when all they do is copy and not give it something cool, like all the 'darksoulsalikes' that have come out
This is a zeldalike video
Thank you, Dark Souls.
Fortnite is a dark souls game too cmon
I feel like donkey is a gamer who hates video games
This video was clearly inspired by Crowbcat.
Bookworm deluxe is a totally original game.
Name 1 original game that came out in the last 5 years
notice how death stranding, the first strand-type game, was not mentioned even once in this video.
What is the game and the original
game companies won't make anything new cos they're too afraid that it will backfire even if they make billions   cough cough EA blizzard valve etc..  now all you need for a game is inspiration from Dark Souls xD
This is like the Dark Souls of YouTube videos
When you think about it, Dark Souls really is just a Minecraft Dungeons rip off.
"More Dounkey" I see what you did there...
Dunkey took inspiration from Donkey
I think it's time for another YouTube comments video
This video is like nothing else, borrowing heavily from elements of the strand type genre.
fortnite is among us, because Nintendo thank you reggie
Everytime I see that kind of review I think to myself "Man, is that what it takes to be a Game journalist/reviewer/etc?" I gotta try doing some content... someday...
Comparing Deathloop to Outer Wilds…. Huh??
Really begs the question: is Knack the only truly original game ever made?
Every reviewer thinks any game where you fight dudes, avoid traps, and can die is dark souls.
This game has guns must be inspired by Call of Duty.
Why would I pitch a video game to an elevator? Elevators don't buy video games!
The viedogame "Pong" has taken obvious gameplay mechanics from the classic tabletop game Pong
dunkey is original
This video is basically Breath of the Wild meets Dark souls at Gek's house
Originality in Video Games Journalism?
these people are paid promoters that are using games people like to make people want to play the game they are promoting. Reviewers? those died out a long time ago.
um as a game developer, i feel personally attacked.
*Character walks to the left of the screen* This game is very Mario-like.
I've always absolutely hated how devs say dumb shit like "tHiNk sEkiRo and mEtRoId, bUT mIxeD wiTh ZeLda"   not a good way to describe or market your game....
This video made me feel like Batman
Gee Brian this video sure does reminds of super monkey ball
Nice Video Dunke clone, but the real dunkey dropped this video already wayyy back in time, when Dark Souls reminded you of Mario Party. Better luck next time
Dunkey Fu#^ing killed em
Every game is Dark Souls.
Most of those games arent even obvious lazy clones, they think something that works well as inspiration and add their touch to it, I think the blame here is not on the games but on the way everyone including me's first reaction to a game is to try to dissect it and understand what the game is all about. The easiest way to do that and the one that first comes to mind is comparing it to other games.
Originality in IGN reviews: 7/10
It's sad that for the most part, games have been copying other successes for the past 20+ years. I have more appreciation for games doing something different after this video. Thanks Dunk.
Not very original to point out that games are not very original. Keep it up dunky 👍
I think the bigger problem is that these reviewers say the same things. Comparing the worst of games to Zelda and Dark Souls to drive viewership.
This is just friggin great haha! To find a chain of games where the former draws inspiration from the latter...that would be hilarious in this presented format.
If it: - is hard - is gloomy - uses swords - has a heavy attack - uses left stick to move It is much like the game “dark souls”
Comparing a game with "ranged gun based combat" to Dark Souls is one of the stupidest things I've heard all year
There are only 5 video games
watching this hurts really bad
This game is like a Mario, Devil May Cry, Lego Star Wars (the complete saga), Team Fortress 2, and dead by daylight’s Saw DLC, with a little bit of Dark Souls.
I wish we would go back to genres describing games instead of games describing games.
Dark Souls was actually the first strand type game
Ok dunkey, which game do you want me to play?
Comparing new games to widely known games isn't bad just because it's overused
That’s art in a nutshell. Nothing is fully original and everything draws upon ideas from something that came before.
This video has been banned for nudity
This video game really makes you feel like that guy from that other popular video game
Ah yes...comparing Persona 5 Strikers with Kingdom Hearts...instead of Dynasty Warriors like how the game was literally build like.
Far Cry 1 and Area 51. I hate farcry ever since Area 51 got robbed.
my face when "the game is ...like":
I Hate game journalism
Dark Souls is the first Dark Souls type game
So disappointed with darksiders 3, they had something going in the 2nd game, but they went and threw away all the cool stuff, the 3rd game feels more like a sequel to the 1st game than the 2nd
This video is clearly ripping off of Knack 2, just look at those graphics
pikmin 2 clearly takes a lot of inspiration from pikmin 1
This is sad I guess
I can see clearly some inspiration here of the SSB champion Sky Williams
0:37 Why in the fuck must everything be "the Dark Souls of X"?
this 3 minute video felt like at least triple that length.  i guess it took some inspiration from Death Stranding there.
love the string of 2d games that are apparently all Just Like Dark Souls
It has a little dark souls for everyone
This video NEEDED to be made. *Slaps table twice*
Fun fact: This video took inspiration from Dark Souls.
More Like: Originality in Video Game Reviews
Blur is inspired by Mario Kart and Need for speed/forza horizon
I bet BOTW 2 will take a lot of inspiration from BOTW
Yeah but nothing will ever be as original as Chex quest I mean it is the original creation after all.
The game Everything, by David O'Reilly, is a marriage between Katamari Damacy and Stanley Parable.   The unique game Cruelty Squad is a perfect blend of Doom 2 and Hypnospace Outlaw.   The truly and wholly one-of-a-kind product Death Stranding is a Vulcan mind melding of the popular Metal Gear Solid franchise and Crazy Taxi.   The never before seen, out of this world, confoundingly bizarre entertainment experience known colloquially as "Among Us" takes deep inspiration from Jackbox Party Pack's "Push The Button" and the Jacbox Party Pack's "Fakin It!"  The incomprehensibly imparsible and offensively outlandish engaging ephemera that many casual fans and zealous die-hards alike are calling Postal 2 is an effervescent yet confident homage to classic pieces of zeitgeist magnum opii such as Pooplers and the equally definitive Half Life: Full Life Consequences VR.
This video is takes elements from Knack 3 and Super Mario Bros. 2
Lol
The less words Dunkey speaks, the more he has to say in his videos
This video clearly takes heavy inspiration from Dunkey’s previous works, such as “Game Critics” and “Dunk Souls”
So everything is based on Zelda
I think in a lot of cases, this is less of an issue of games lacking originality and more of a failure of some game critics to describe a new game without alluding to other video games. Video games are an evolving medium, with each one to some degree borrowing from and building off of previous games, and it’s natural for us to compare what is new with that which we already know.
In a mind of a Game Journos: Inspirations = Knockoffs
" Let's others make your videos for you "  Dunkey 2021
every game is dark souls or breath of the wild
This is really more of an indictment of reviewers' ability to describe a game than it is of originality in games themselves.
Video game journalist: *exists* videogamedunkey: “I’m going to ruin this man's whole career.”
"There's nothing quite like this game, it plays a lot like these other games!"
Describe what would games would you compare Yakuza too (spin offs excluded)
“Think Anthony Fantano’s criticism, mixed with some stylistic trappings of Vic Berger, and apply it to video game YouTubing - this is the elevator pitch for Dunkey.” -Dafuqami Smoken
You hate to see so many games blatantly imitating Knack but the only game that got close was Knack 2
IGN's new video on Guardians of the Galaxy, which was released yesterday, is riddled with the phrase "Final Fantasy 7 remake-esque combat".  Hahahahahaha
This is the first strand type inspiration video
i’ll have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45s, one with cheese, and a large soda.
eh, as long as it's fun
There are only around 5 actual games, the rest are just shitty and not-so-shitty remixes
These "reviewers" all sound like IGN tool-bots... An unused enemy from a Dark Souls type game that was cancelled then later released as a futuristic Zelda clone with a Hades aesthetic.
I understand the point of the video, but the reality is that reviewers like to make parallels to existing games in order to give the listener a better frame of reference for what to expect. Something like Kena: Bridge of Spirits may not be a wholly original idea on paper, but it's the execution and individual elements that separates it from the pack.
Dark Souls inspired Mario
Everything is a remix
and then there's toby fox
The video gas clearly taken inspiration from IGN
Wow, those game kinda look like a “Bookworm Adventures” Knockoff
eh fine i guess playing ds3 was the only game i needed to play. dont need to play anymore. great that ive canonically finished gaming
All games used to be Doom for a while, then they all used to be Halo. All games are Castlevania Symphony of the Night. Which is to say that all games are metroid.
Alright, let's get this out of the way. Dunkey videos clearly take inspiration from other legendary Youtubers such as Barny64.
this video made me feel like Batman
I just hate people over talking about games just shut up and tell me if it sucks or not I don't care about the other games that exist
You know what is original……… Death Stranding
It's just easier to compare than try to describe. It requires little brainpower to say "this is like that".
Praise the sun ☀️
It's not that there's a lack of originality in video games. It's that there's a lack of originality in the DESCRIPTIONS of video games.
I don't really think this is a problem. From a reviewer's perspective, it's a really effective way to set a starting point for viewers' expectations. From a developer's perspective, taking inspiration from the past is just how art works, and it's how art has worked for centuries.  The problem isn't that people are stealing ideas from other games, the problem is that certain developers aren't adding enough of their own ideas on top of that inspiration.
Those 13 seconds of Genshin footage is the closest thing of Dunkey talking about Genshin and I'm both kind of happy and sad :')
The number of Legend Of Zelda and Dark Souls game mentions though, that's just incredible
It will all come back to Mario and Zelda
I guess then the question is "How important is originality?" Especially when a game a clear improvement on a preexisting idea. I think it's fair to say that the original inspiration for a video game is rarely the best. With a few rare exceptions (breath of the wild) a game that comes out inspired by another game (so long as it's not a cheap clone) is usually going to be better, or add more to the concept, like Devil May Cry being the inspiration for games like Bayonetta and God of War, or Undertale being inspired by games like earthbound and chrono trigger. Even sequels are often inspired by the games before them. Originality is a good thing, so long as the game is good with it (Shadow of the Colossus) but making a game like Odama, a tactical war pinball simulator that uses a microphone to control troops, on the gamecube... eh not so much.   The real beef, again, is with games journalism not knowing how to describe a game without comparing it to Dark Souls. It really makes you FEEL like dark souls.
Remember there is only one "stranding" type game.
devil soul of war: Breath of the persona
Take a shot every time you hear “dark souls” or “breath of the wild”
save me
Now all we need is a Zelda Souls game.
Little did we know, we've all been playing Pong clones.
This video is very original. We can clearly see the Scott the Woz and Alpharad inspiration here.
Everything is a remix
I'm in actual pain right now. Especially the Darksiders part at the end gave me a headache.
Ever since you stopped playing league, your videos have become better. And ever since your knack review has become worse, so I guess when knack 7 comes out it will be good again.
Thank you, dark souls.
what's the point of this video tho? describing new things as combinations of old things makes perfect sense. everything's a remix
Knack 2 is the most original game since Knack.
And the review of Tales Of Arise that you promised on Twitter?
so if i play zelda and dark souls i played 90% of the games out there ?
a 3 minute video, with barely any words from Dunkey and he's clowned most game journalists out there, this is truly the Dark Souls of youtube videos
This video really makes me FEEL like game journalists need to play more than 5 videogames before they deserve to even contemplate making reviews.
"Wait, it's all Dark Souls, Zelda, and Devil May Cry?"  "Always has been."
Crazy to think none of these reviewers ever mention mario anywhere. Maybe it's indirect evidence that the 3d mario series is a completely original experience noone else in the market can match.
Discussing originality in a youtube comment section. hah
ThE BeST gaME sinCe P O N G
The elevator pitch for dunkey is just take Barry White and make him make YouTube videos about videogames
Hi
It's weird but I admit I knew exactly what all these reviewers meant when they referenced the gameplay similarities.
In their own words. Luckily I don't recognise any of the voices in this trailer of incompetence. 😋
Is it even a considered video game if it's not like Zelda or Dark souls?
This video brings a whole new meaning to "Thank you Dark souls"
This video game is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls inspired video games
This elevator pitch of this video is basically if you combined Gex 2 and Fortnite and made it an Action MMO RPG RougeLike Souls-Like Metroidvania
That was kind of lazy! I was hoping for more  than just a montage of other people commentaries.  Thanks for the video. Waiting for the next one. With your perspective, I hope.
he spoke once xD
I think this is why people love games like Dark Souls, Zelda, and Undertale. They take the basic ideas of their genres and then actually do something new with them. At this point, there isn’t much left to do, so fusions of other genres does seem to be the only way to go. Ah well. I guess any sort of media is bound to get stale eventually.
This truly makes you 'feel' like an unoriginal gamecritic
What a shitshow IGN is
this is the strand type souls of videos about originality in games
Character: Has sword  Critics: cLeArLy fEeLs LiKe dArK sOuLs
Originally in video game culture complaints
That channel is clearly based on the donkey from shrek + a bit of dark souls
+
It's almost a habit to compare games to others, but when I played Dark Souls, I couldn't compare it to anything. It is so unique in some way that I can't describe. I don't understand how people can compare anything to Dark Souls
this Dark souls clearly took some inspiration from Demon's souls
Dark Souls took clear inspiration from Dark Souls
This is hilarious but i don’t think it’s a bad thing.
I really hope the next Call of Duty is like Dark Souls and also makes you really feel like Call of Duty
I think this is a big reason I've been super burnt out on video games lately. Everything has been done before, nothing really feels fresh. I wonder if all of the possible video game ideas have been done, or if there are still ways to make games play completely uniquely.
I remember da beeg yoshi, do you guys too?
Once you beat Zelda BOTW and Dark Souls, you have successfully beaten every video game on the planet
I appreciate that this video is a criticism of lazy review writing instead of the game's themselves.
"This is like playing Kena: Bridge of Spirits at Miyazaki's house" - Gex
Oh no art form takes inspiration from other art in the same medium?? Geez, I really hope humanity hasn't been doing this since it's inception and isn't indeed how art itself evolves and actually develops. that would suuuuuuckkkkkkk
Satan > Game journalists
Unlikely that you're ever gonna read this, but check out Sonority! It's a music based game that a friend of mine develops. Only a demo available now, but I'd say it's kind of original
I hate these comparisons in reviews for a multitude of reasons.  1. It shows the writers have zero skill with words if their go-to way to describe games is to simply namedrop more games that came before. 2. The absolute *refusal* to let new games stand on their own two feet grinds my gears. 3. They're the Dark Souls of hearing someone talk without falling asleep. ...Woops.
What was the game with the rodent riding the horse?
I think this video was heavily influenced by French absurdist cinema and Operation: Dumbo Drop.
People point to pillars and cultural touchstones when they're reviewing entertainment products for a mass audience. Whatever this says about the state of creativity in game design, it says the same thing much louder about the nature of criticism for commercial consumption. It might also place the blame for most the safeness and sameness in the industry squarely on one source: The Gamer™
typical journos
You can not create something that isn't based on something or a combination of something you already know. It's not possible.
I see your game has air in it, inspired by Dark souls I’m sure
* drinking coffee with friend  * friend: "nioh borrows alot from dark souls" me: "why do you say that all the time" (real story)
these journalists need to get better at describing a game on its own damned terms
I honestly can’t tell if this is a commentary on unoriginal game design as I have not play any of those games to judge for myself, or if this is a commentary on nothing being allowed to be original. Everything, no matter the originality, is boiled down to being compared to some other game, nothing is allowed to have its own identity, it’s all something else. Probably the second one
It's like Zelda with swords.
Everything is a remix nothing is made in a vacuum. Deal with it.
98,162th
The algorithm is broke, dawgy, time to burn this motha down.
I wonder how come Dunkey never hearts any of his comments on his videos.
It just makes me sad :(
Ninja Gaiden, clearly took inspiration from Dark Souls and Nioh
I wish they would make more games like dark souls
Almost every single release is just an already astablished game with one new gimmick
I was hoping for a essay type episode when I saw the title. This works too.
but stamina climbing was in cube world... nintendo do be stealing tho
Mild challenge in the game, definitely some Dark Souls inspiration here
Imagine being a mainstream vidyagaem journalist
“Dark souls with a heavy focus on ranged gun based combat” is the new name for all shooter games
If there’s one that’s stuck with me from my design classes, it’s this: everything is a remix
Art is iterative and nothing is original
Of all the YouTubers to call out how generic and derivative Kena is, Dunkey would've been the last on my list, but I'm glad he did.  I really don't get why people are so goddamn hyped for a game that is basically just a mainstream Sony open-world action adventure except with a smaller scope and an extremely bland Disney movie art style...
I'm not sure that I understand Dunkey's whole point on this one. I don't see the problem with comparing one game to another, especially seeing as how that's a good way to instantly make the viewer understand certain aspects of the game. No matter how original a game is, it will have been influenced by another game in some way, and I don't think mentioning that is a bad thing.
It's like IGN people have only played 3 games. Dark Souls, Breath of the wild, and Dark souls 2
When reviewers say games are inspired by something or are like something when they actually aren't, it takes away all originality and artistic vision of the game by lowering it down to "just a spoof or knockoff"   So infuriating
so the genres of games are zelda, dmc, and darksouls got it
I don't think it's bad to repeat good things but it feels like all the originality is in indies (when there is any) or in Japanese titles. The exception would be for things I personally wouldn't call games, interactive experiences but not designed to be fun or competitive.
This is half IGN making poor comparisons to other games because it feels like they have to, and half games actually just copying mechanics and ideas
this video is bookworm adventures like
Incoming Kotaku article about Dunkey "missing the point" and needing to "unpack" some "points". Regardless, great video dunkey :DD
Gex: this is worse than the time that I felt like Batman
No Strand Type game huh? 🤔
It is a little something for everyone
Crobcat hacked Dunks?
Lol. 1st Dunkey predicting Donda, now he taking shots at 'gaming journo's'
" Every game is a complete Devil May Cry rip of " - IGN
Play warframe until you do everything then start complaining about nothing to do ez
Dark Souls
All games are similar these days because they are just knockoffs of Devil May Cry, Zelda and Dark Souls, which are all inspired by Knack.
Death stranding is original and nobodies liked
Oh dunkey you sweet summer child… have you forgotten:”It’s like Skyrim with guns”
This was boring. I want dunkey, not bullshit
We live in a society
It's like playing cyberpunk in 2077 - Gex
STOP IT! STOP! YOU'RE DRIVING ME CRAZY!!
Hahaha
If Dark Souls is so good, then why isn't there a Dark Souls? Gotcha, you're nitpicked and biased, I win, bye-bye.
Try “Noita”
>mentions God of war and zelda in regards to dark souls" >shows none of those game
With 1000s of game studios it‘s mathematically impossible to have many unique games. There are only that many mechanics you could put in a game and just by pure chance you will have similar games.
So basically it’s Darksouls But not at all anything like dark souls
This game takes elements from literally every video game before it such as: using a controller to control of some kind for controls, using a television or monitor of some kind to display the game, and using electricity to run the game.  0/10 no originality whatsoever.
Dunkey is just like that other YouTuber JonTron, who’s just like that other YouTuber NakeyJakey, who’s just like that other YouTuber Act Man, who’s just like that other YouTuber Angry Joe, who’s just like that other YouTuber Pewdiepie, who’s just like that other YouTuber
This is really not that big of a deal. Reviewers do this, because they need to tell the viewer that if they like this game, they will like the game there reviewing. Part of reviewing is actually critiquing the material, but also a recommendation to viewers.
Seems like if you want originality, you gotta go back and play Dark Souls and The Legend of Zelda.  Everything else is just copying from them!
Very original video, you only spoke once
I wonder if this video has made Dunkey reconsider his position towards Death Stranding. An obviously flawed game, not unlike its predecessor TPP, but clearly original. At the very least I believe it need be acknowledged and commended in today's environment.   Unless this video is meant more as a jab at "professional critics" than the games themselves, but better people have already commented on the reductive tendency of comparisons.
The first time I ever held my baby, I told me wife "She has your eyes, and borrows a little inspiration from Dark Souls"
*EVERYTHING IS DARK SOULS.*
We already knew this from Journalist comparing slightly hard games to Dark Souls.  "Cuphead is the new Darksouls" which became a meme
There was no mario , is it because its bad ?
I mean, whatever they need to do to write/talk less words
You're such a genius
Game: is open world. Journalist: its like zelda.  Other game: is open world cooking game. Journalist: its like zelda.  Other game: is open world dating game. Journalist: its like zelda.
This is the first Strand type - Souls like video.
This is like the Dark Souls of Dunkey videos
Originality is taking someone else's idea and giving it a twist.
In conclusion: HADES BABYYYY!
A few games take inspiration from team fortress 2... none of them actually match it.
Another dunkey video where he says basically nothing, yet gets his point across perfectly. Incredible.
So you are telling me all games are Pong like?
why dunkey the best?   cus he makes commentary and satire with edits
I hate that some of the "it's like Dark Souls" is just to describing a hard game, even if it has nothing mechanically like Dark Souls
I think game reviewers say these things to make viewers understand what they mean. It's not like every game that has taken inspiration from Bubsy 3D is 50% Bubsy 3D. It's like a frame of reference.
This channel has clearly taken inspiration from IGN.
This video is clearly a knock off of dunkey's earlier videos and here's why. He clearly puts hee haw in the description. Many of you long time dunkey fans may have seen this in previous videos and game reviews. I don't know if we should stand for this type of blatant self plagiarism, something must be done! What happens when they make hee haw 2 oh I don't want to think about it!
There are only 3 video games ever: 1- Dark souls 2- Dark souls 2 3- Dark souls 3
This video has a somewhat "Crowbcat" feel to it
Yes this is how game genres work. What is the point of this video
ta bn
Speaking of originality, this video was strongly reminiscent of Crowbcat
Every game in the past decade is apparently Dark Souls, The Breathe of the Wild 5
the originality of dunkey video comments
I really wish pretentious people wouldn't write reviews for video games.
This video is heavily inspired by dark souls
Real funny great job dunk
good point. would've loved to hear your opinion on it donkley
Incredible
"Just like Dark Souls"
Dead Cells is like many other games in many more ways than Dark Souls.
Better inspire than reboot
"This game is like Pong, in the sense that it too, is a game it just features Dante from the Devil may cry series"
Originality in Video Games 90,865 views 24 Sept 2021 13K 227 Share Clip Save videogamedunkey 6.84M subscribers
I love how they are all just ripoffs
Dark souls is the gaming singularity, once it was created all games before and after spawned out of it.
Congrats to Hidetaka Miyazaki for the invention of video games! What a champ!
we live in a society
A short but sweet video. Dunkey has clearly taken inspiration from Moistcritikal
Something something it's just like Dark Souls - Game Journalists this past decade
Wait... it's all Dark Souls?
games now days are fucking shit and anyone who denies it just doesnt know anymore how it feels like to play original games. i dont quite know why this is, i feel like i can come up with a better game on the top of my head than 99% of the games on steam but my best guess is because people cant code. its incredibly easy to download unity and make a platformer or whatever, but as soon as the ambitions are a bit bigger it requires much more complicated logic... i mean it should be possible for big companys.. i guess they are just being greedy assholes who dont take risks and everybody is fine with it because crappy games dominate the gaming industry anyway so its not like people can buy a better alternative
I didn’t get it Was that a Zelda reference?
Jumping from one platform to another: exists. Clearly, this is just like Ratchet and Clank.
"Getting some strong Boss Baby vibes from this." -Man who has only seen Boss Baby watching his second movie.
And then he ends the video with new super Mario bros music. What a fucking legend
check out the new quirky indie sprite rpg thats inspired by earthbound!
this video was a clear isparition from original idea,which game jornalist don't have
Is it me or are most of these reviews from IGN?
Why does this feel like a crowbcat video lol
And dark souls is a hardcore  version of skyrim and skyrim is basically counter strike with swords and magic and counter strike is a more down to earth doom game and doom is basically pacman with guns and pacman is basically an updated version of pong which means dark souls is an elaborate pong game
I was here early
It’s funnier when you realize that games that are truly original don’t get that kind of recognition
I dunno if i care about originality as much as I used to anymore. I'm old and desperate now. I just want the game to be fun and the story to be intriguing.
Is Dark Souls the Dark Souls of influential games?
I wish somebody would make a game with darksouls combat. I'm starting to think no one ever will...
Why do I suddenly only want to play the Legend of Zelda and Dark Souls
Instead of simpsons did it .... DARKSOULS did it!!!
Does dunkey implying game industry nowadays lack creativity or basically telling us stop comparing games because every game can find its origin?
and then there is cruelty squad....
Interviewer “So how has Dark Souls, The Zelda series , Devil may cry, Bayonetta and Borderland games inspired you to make this game.” Developer “ haven’t played any of those”  Interviewer “👁👄👁”
Everytime I recommend a Dunky Video I tell them it’s inspired by his video “Dunk Souls”
Every game ever made is just a shameless Chess ripoff and it shows in the worst way
why i havent looked at video game reviews for a long time because of this. Most reviews are shit and you shouldn't be either
Every game is Alfred Chicken
The Videogamedunkey channel is like a mix of Knack and Super Mario Bros. 2 with a clear inspiration from Dark Souls.
This is the Donda of strand-type videos inspired by souls-like Zelda clones that combine elements of what can be best described as ideas clearly drawn from a reverence of mechanics often found in action RPGs that fall in the "tactical adventure meets fantasy" category while still being a clear genre remix combining traits of our favourite games while managing to stay unique.
The YouTube channel "videogamedunkey" clearly takes a lot of inspiration from video games as well as the animal, donkey mixed with the basketball term, dunk.
Take a sip, everytime you heard "Clearly inspired by.."
This Dunk Souls game sure is influential huh
Sitting there and thinking: "What did the Artist wanna say with this Video?"
Cod Vanguard is a bit like me taking a shit, I generally don't want anything to do with it for more than 5 minutes.
Chicory and Tales of Arise are great :)
Pfffft
This isn't so much a problem with video games as it is with video game journalists being unable to describe a game adequately without resorting to some other popular game (so long as they always use Dark Souls) as a frame of reference.
Long live dunkey RIP Norm
There's a certain level of irony about a video on "originality" when all the comments are regurgitating the same old Dunkey Jokes over and over again.
Feeding the algorithm with like/sub/bell and comment.  PSA: make a hotkey to help👌
Z E L D A
Who’s Randy?
society has clearly taken a lot of inspiration from dark souls
Is this a crowbcat video?
😩whyyyyyyyyyy
There are only a few real games, and most of them are featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry series.
What game was at 2:11
Wonder if this says more about the games or the disembodied voices.
I was really expecting him to talk to us an stuff but the whole video speaks for itself
The elevator pitch for dunkey is dark souls, but make it a youtuber
Dunkey... please play Papers, Please and Return of the Obra Dinn.  I'mma go Beef Stew and try to constantly say this on every video until it happens... then fall off the face of the planet when it does. lol
This video clearly takes aspects of every review video ever made but mashed into one.
This video is sort of like Super Mario 3 with a mash of the legend of Zelda series for the CDI
literally what is the composition of mummy rot that lies in the brain of a game journalist
Not once did I see a plunging attack
Want something different? Play rain world
Gex-like signifies to yeet it into a dumpster
Originatly is a faint word it doesnt exist all these games have been take from humans and human ideas have been taken from other human ideas and like wars each of them take ideas from others like bows turn to guns cannons to rocket launchers just how it be
“Like Dark Souls” is the new “Doom Clone”
Hey Dunkey, if you want something original Death Stranding Director's cut just came out!  I hear it's a new Strand type of game.
Is it just me who read these comments in dunkeys voice ?
Is Death Stranding the last original game? I mean, there are no Amazon simulators out there. So it's the most unique game to come out in the last decade.
So much IGN
This really makes you FEEL like originality
God I hate gay people like you Dunkey
This video is very similar to legend of Zelda
dark souls ruined games
Wasnt the Crash Bandicoot series also a Dark Souls knockoff?
Is this a problem with games or the paper-thin reporting on them?
whats the game at 2:10?
Or lack there of in this case
try and find any other similar game like warframe
There’s this channel that did the same thing to you, it’s called “Dunk Tank”
just play tarkov
I bet none of these reviewers seen the original Shadow of the Colossus, which has climbing, a stamina gauge, and even gliding if you unlock the parachute.
I'm gonna start comparing every game I play to Tetris so old folks understand what I'm talking about
The elevator pitch here is that dark souls has taken a lot from Knack
My life has taken some inspiration from Dark Souls
The best No Dunky Dunky video
sea of thieves is unique
It's less about a lack of originality in at least most cases and more like how everybody used to call FPS games Doom clones. One game comes out with a new mechanic or formula, and then other developers try their own spin on that mechanic or formula. In some cases that's things like how most third person shooters borrowed the over the shoulder camera from Resident Evil 4 until it became an industry standard, or in some cases like Dark Souls and Rogue before it, the formula itself works so well that it becomes its own sub genre of games that many developers continue to make long after their release.
Art is a fad
I'd expect crowbcat to make this video
Damn bro, Zelda goes places
Sakuro shedows die twice
Part of this issue may stem from the fact that it's kinda hard to talk about gameplay succinctly. It's hard to sum up Dark Souls combat in just a sentence. It's not just about the mechanics, but their effect on the player. Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild are both third person ARPGs with an emphasis on exploration, but are hugely different experiences. It also may have to do with the fact that these games kind of invented a genre, but there's not a name for them yet (even though dark souls has literally been a titanic influence for the past decade. Souls-like is the best we get?). They're hard to pin down to a descriptive phrase. Notice how all the games Dunkey mentioned are combat/mechanics oriented. No one called What Remains of Edith Finch a Gone-Home-Like because we have a name for that genre: walking simulator.
Thank you Dark Souls
This video really made me FEEL like Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Portal is heavily inspired from puzzle game Narbacular Drop
So... videogame genres today are reduced either to "Zelda BOTW type" and "DarkSouls type". Fortunately, we don't see many "Strand type" games today.
With all this "it's kinda like dark souls" stuff, I don't even wanna play dark souls. Think I'll just play games I can actually finish that remind other people of dark souls...
I think people often confuse originality and quality, is every original product or idea good? No for ex. Death stranding it was way too polarising for commercial art, is every replicated idea bad? No for ex. Doom eternal it takes a lot of inspiration from a lot of fps games but it also tries to improve those ideas and therein lies the moral of the story that just cause something is replicating an already existing idea doesn't mean it can't be good in it's own right and just cause something is fresh out of someone's mind doesn't mean it will always be good.
oh my god
yeah lemme get a uuh dark souls roll with a zelda breath of the wild stamina meter, uuh one large ratchet and clank 3d platform and a medium nier automata combat system and a small fry
It sounds like they're plagiarizing each other.
Bloodborne blatantly ripped off Darksouls. And I think FromSoftware should have sued them for this obvious thievery.
Rewind 8 years and replace botw with Minecraft
It is incredible Dunkey's ability to deliver a punchline without saying a single word.
when will games journalists learn that comparing games to other games is not groundbreaking
I personally like when games are inspired by games I like. For example if you like Dark Souls, you may also like this other game inspired by Dark Souls. It's same like why people still like Victorian-style literature? Because they just like the genre.
I don’t get what the point of this video is. What is Dunkey’s even trying to say? Is it bad that some things inspire other things? Or that something can’t be good if it’s not 100% original? Neither of these is true at all. In fact, the best things today are based on, and improved from, other things. We can’t get Super Mario Odyssey without Super Mario 64, the GOOD Xenoblade games without previous Square RPGs, and even BotW without all of the previous Open-World games.  Notice the fact that all of my examples both took from previous products, but mixed it up with different ideas as well. Also notice the fact that a large portion of the games Dunkey showed also mix the ideas they took inspiration from.
SUUUUPER Mario Bros 2 tho
ironic that a dunkey clone is talking about originality
What is this video trying to convey? That games have similarities? I mean, yeah, obviously. Is that a bad thing? I'm confused
Dunkey more videos!
Good vid
i've never played dark souls must be why i don't understand a single game coming out anymore
Am just here to leave a comment when this video gets a million views 🌝
IGN: "You see this game is incredibly unique! I've never seen a anything like it. (30 seconds later) It's gameplay is similar to Breath of the Wild, Final Fantasy 7 Remake, Dark Souls, Mario Odyssey, Knack 2, Bayonetta, Kirby, Bookworm Deluxe, Plants Vs. Zombies, and even a hint of the wit seen in GEX. Truly Original."
And yet you hate on Death Stranding when it’s one of the most unique experiences in recent years
Commenting before it gets age restricted
I'm glad dunkey is as fed up with these clowns who are glorifying consistent mediocrity in gaming as I am
This guy is just a dunkey clone, do not listen to him
this is like playing dark souls at zelda's house - gex
Why Undertale and the mentioned games are amazing
When's a game going to take inspiration from Knack?
Beep bop
Dark Souls 3 clearly takes inspiration from Dark Souls.
Imagine taking video editing inspiration from Knack cutscenes.
I’m glad he didn’t even touch battle royale genre games.
MORDHAU IS THE ONLY GAME
Oh no
"Game's journalist be like" -Drexx
that was exhausting
This video clearly draws inspiration from famous YouTuber Jake Paul
Dunkey outer wilds vid?
What game is at 2:09?
more videos inspired by Dunkey
New dunkatron vid! PagMan
It's pretty much impossible to be totally original. No matter what you come up with, it'll be either ridiculously stupid and unfun, or have been done elsewhere in some form. I think it also makes sense for reviewers to want to connect a game they review to something else, as it gives the viewer something to latch on to.
This video is a clear as day ripoff of Dunksouls
The elevator concept is complete bullshit.  I had to climb the stairs to get it.
Every game is inspired by dark souls because we die
Great video, really made me feel like Spider-Man
That's probably because people rather play a game that has similarities to another game that they like, rather then something completely new and unknown like Death Stranding which was a complete risk
Everything is Zelda and Dark Souls
"As you can see this game allows you to jump just like in Super Mario Bros."
All games are a Zelda and Dark Souls clone.
hah, jokes on you because every 3-D is just a Super Mario 64 - Like
as a fan of dark souls please for the love of god stop comparing every fucking game to dark souls thanks
Lesson learned every video game borrows from Dank Souls.
It drives me crazy bc there were games like dark souls on xbox. It isn’t wholly original either. Art is just derivative and video games are no exception
my life clearly take inspiration from dark soul
They're clearly too lazy to think of anything substantive to say and just compare it to the first other game they can think of
What's the game name at 2:09? It looks awesome!
Men want only one thing and it's disgusting.
Chess, a top-down strategy game taking heavy inspiration from checkers
This man just don't miss
"Boy this montage has gone on a long time.  I wonder when Dunkey starts his commentary."
this video reminds me to Crowbcat and charlie chaplin(because is funny)
Part of the problem is the games themselves, the other part is the reviewers seeming being unable to talk about a game without instantly comparing it to something else.
Dunkey knows a thing or two about originality because he’s the first person to go from black to white.
To be fair, a ton of games _are_ like dark souls.
I was hoping this would be Dunkry's critique of originality in videogames, like a dunkview of the industry atm. I'm not a big fan of these edited content videos.
Banned for nudity
This is the JonTron of Youtubers
*"Don't worry, there are no original ideas here"*
*That’s a very Crowbcat-y video, not gonna lie*
This was like a Norm Macdonald 3 minute setup for the one punchline and I'm so down.
"But does Tetris make you feeeeeeel like batman?" -Darksouls
THOUSANDS of games are realeased every week nowadays, endless ocean of indie developers swarms the world of video games. Now tell me... How can one make a true-original concept while still being fun to play.
So every game is inspired by dark souls or zelda
Doom (2016) and Eternal : Heavily inspired by Mick Gordon
But when they do make something original & great (Like Death Stranding), the dounkey cries?
Breath of the Wild is heavily inspired from the United States' western deserts
You had footage in this compliation thatn IGN released less than 24hrs ago.  How you do that Dunks? This man's the Southpark of Youtube in terms of topical videos. With a whimsical tone, but poignant subject matter, his videos are like the Zelda of content creation
Almost made a whole video without talking, maybe next time!
Does anyone know what game is show at 2:08? I love the art style
I don't get why every one compares games to dark souls when that itself was inspired by bubsy 3D, they should just cut out the middleman
I wonder if YouTube will deem this video as violating something.
No Mario joke? I'm impressed.
Every game is a dark souls game.
Some British guy sitting in the muddy trenches at the Battle of the Somme: This is the Dark Souls of war
"Taking heavy inspiration from Dark Souls, Shadows of Everise Reveangance: Abyss really makes you feel like Batman."
Yikes.
*EVERY VIDEO GAME IS A DARK SOULS RIP OFF*
EDIT: I realized only after writing all of this that the video is probably more making fun of cliched game criticism than actually lamenting a lack of originality in games themselves. My bad.  I mean, to the extent that any dunkey video should be taken at face value, I don't think it's necessarily a bad thing for games to draw inspiration from each other. For one, it's an inevitable part of the creative process. There's nothing new under the sun, in any medium, but it's through grabbing bits and pieces from other pieces of inspiration that 1) developers ultimately figure out their own creative voice, via some trial and error, and 2) elements that hadn't gone together before suddenly meld into something new.  Every game is a Dark Souls ripoff now, but Dark Souls was a ripoff of the early Zeldas and Metroids. The entire FPS genre used to be called "Doom clones." Someone coming up with a genuinely new idea is an extremely rare event in any medium, and even then they'll still probably rattle off all of their own influences that fed into it.  It's not entirely fair to say that the games Dunkey references in this video were created purely out of creative people following their influences, they're absolutely also jumping on the trends of past games which sold well in hopes that their game sells well. But still, I don't think it's completely fair to criticize designers for taking inspiration from great games that they love and trying to put their own spins on those works. That's just how creativity works in any medium.  Again, though, this is Dunkey, so who knows how seriously he takes any of this.
A shame this video is just like "Candy Crush"
I hate how reviewers basically say, OH this game is like this other game it was obviously inspired by it. Its just lazy journalism.
But does it make you FEEL like Spiderman?
My life has taken inspiration from Dark Souls!
I agree with 101%
Game designers hate this video.
But when a completely original game like death stranding comes out, its shit on.
It’s like a mix of Sesame Street and dark souls
The issue is that this is just the simplest way to convey what a games about. Now saying it's...great, but you really have to dumb it down for people's waning attention span (note: my attention span is garbage.) Hopefully we can move away from it though
Thanks for the yearly reminder why gaming journalism makes you feel like spiderman
Turns out the most unoriginal thing, we’re the journalists frame of references.
Lol it's more like "originally in media"
Dark Souls is just Ocarina of Time but harder with more fighting and less jumping
It honestly just sounds like game journalists don't know how to do anything but compare games to eachother for their similarities instead of what talking about what sets them apart.
This is why I'm VERY choosy with where I go for reviews, but also why I have very little respect for gaming journalists as critics and reviewers. They think one dimensionally, write one dimensionally, and treat the game they're speaking of very one dimensionally. They're a disservice to the video game industry.
Dunkey is pretty much the Dark Souls of comedy youtube gamers
Might be an unpopular opinion, but with thousands and thousands of games out, tons of different ideas already brought to life, what do you expect 🤷‍♂️
This says more about stupid game reviewers than the games themselves. Pretty much every basic gaming concept has been done 1000 times at time point, you can compare every game ever made and ever will be made to an existing game.   It's not really the fault of game devs, after all there are only so many ways you can implement the mechanic of walking or climbing, etc. Game reviewers just need to word things better instead of compare something to an existing game.
IGN: This game is very hard, It most likely took inspiration from Dark Souls
How to make a best selling AAA game: Make a first person shooter, make a souls-like, make an open world game, or make KNACK.
Biting commentary sometimes doesn't need commentary. You can let the industry betray itself in its own words. If "gaming journalism" existed Dunkey would be one of its most lauded, staunch critics.
pain.
Every game is based off of dark souls and breath of the wild
Dunkey Is like the dark souls of YouTube with a little touch of zelda
Dark souls
This is the first strand type game review
Huh, the description says "edited by Evan boldt". Did dunkey hire an editor cuz it's too time consuming? I totally understand if he did, I'm just surprised
Is this a new strand type video?
This is like a crowbcat video
And looking at the genre “metroidvania,” we can see that we’ve been doing this forever
Today I learned everything is dark souls
Yo, Dead Cells yeeeeeeah.
Our culture expands on its previous knowledge
This reminds of that time I took inspiration from dark souls at don cheadles house
Cell shading, stamina climbing, gliding, scattered open word exploration... -- Zelda Rolling/dodging, third-person melee combat, gloomy atmosphere, "Thank you Dark Souls"... -- Dark Souls Aeriel combat, character action... -- Devil May Cry / Bayonetta       Game of the Year -- Super Mario Brothers 2
To be fair, Rockstar always innovates
This video is based off of the popular "video game" genre
This very blatantly draws inspiration from the VideogameDunkey series of YouTube videos, complete with a Puerto-rican voice actor for the narrator at 3:14
Deathloop is like dishonored   NO FUCKING SHIT ITS MADE BY THE SAME PEOPLE
everything is dark souls
IGN knows I refuse to buy games for their new ideas, I just wanna know if it's like Dark Souls. That's dependable journalism.
Just play Vangers instead
I discovered dinkey a couple of moths ago and I’ve never been hippier
A lot of people don’t know the difference between plagiarism and inspiration. A video game should take already made games/concepts and interpret on them, improve on them, and use new and old ideas to evolve them into a new yet familiar experience. That is the art of video games.
What they failed to mention is that Dark Souls took inspiration from the lesser known AAA franchise "Russell Grant's Astrology"
The obvious elevator pitch for this video was IGN.   8/10 - Too much Dark Souls
We need more triple a original ips.
More like "Originality in Videogame Reviewing"
lol bruh they think everything is dark souls
Event horizon🚀 + Aliens 2 👽+ The thing 🧟‍♂️1980-2011 = Dead Space Arther c Clark + isaac Sci-fi novel = Isaac Clarke👨‍🚀
TIL all games are knockoffs of Nintendo, Naughtydog and Fromsoft titles
The reviewers just ruin shit tbh
I feel like this is less about originally but more about how shit modern game journalists are
"brain need juxtaposition to make sense of scary world around us"
Yo I think games are like dark souls
I think the problem is more on how game journalists describe other games as opposed to the originality of video games. The "this game is just like x game" line is just a generic, rehashed statement that all game journalists use to save them from actually describing a game's strengths and weaknesses. They are often inaccurate too, like how any game that poses some sort of challenge is automatically 'like dark souls', or how any adventure game with puzzle solving is zelda-like. Some are true, but I find most of them aren't.
Should have neen titled "unoriginality in videogame journalism"
there are, like, 4 original games
Swag
Dunky is da best
"It feels like Zelda." -IGN 10/10
Every game is just borrowing from the magnavox odyssey where you use a controller to move objects on the screen.
Inovation is just stealing with a twist...
Any game with decent level design and combat  Dark souls
This video is the 2001: A Space Odyssey of YouTube videos
So every game is Zelda
Dunkey is slowly gearing up for a game critics 3 video.
please tell me a gaming journo saw ace combat 7 and though that it took inspiration from dark souls
IGN: "Is this a Zelda?" (You know the meme)
This video has similarities with Collectors Edition which is a Dunkey video where Dunkey almost didn't speak. So this isn't 100% original, not like the Knack video.
If there’s an “Eldest Souls”, why isn’t there a “Youngest Souls” eh?
Thanks for being real Dunkey, Appreciate ya.
Oh my, it's almost like things are kept in a box on purpose. Appealing to the LCD was always going to be detrimental to those who like to think.
Apparently zelda breath of the wild invented climbing and gliding even though there were planty of games that did it first, video game reviewers and journalists are a joke.
So everything is rogue-like, Dark Souls or Zelda? Yeah sounds about right.
really loved this new game called pacman, although it borrows a lot from its predecessor: pong
but do they make you feel like batman?
Every game is dark souls
Videogamedunkey is an exviting, original Youtube channel that has clearly taken inspiration from Newgrounds and 2000s YouTube such as James Rolfe and Smosh.
There's nothing like this game.... But its similar to these games.
The wheel has already been invented. All that’s left is to reinvent it over and over and over again.
bawls
could have squeezed in a strand type game joke smh
This game is a lot like this and this game, with loose mechanics steming from this game, and also art style from this game!
Phasmophobia was the last truly original game I played - enitrely new gameplay dynamics around co-op ghost-hunting, enemy avoidiance, detective based gameplay - a true breath of fresh air.  Went on Steam the other day and spotted some other developer who's iust completely ripped it off and slapped an egyptian tomb map over the top of it thats now selling really well.  Sad times for originality indeed.
Everything is Dark Souls
Dunkey with the consistent uploads 😯
Dark Souls is heavily inspired by the Japanese dark manga series Berserk
If every game is dark souls than no game is dark souls
So every game is either Zelda or Dark Souls…
yeah video games are similar to video games crazy
I'm looking forward to Far Cry 6. I'm hearing it takes a lot of inspiration from Daikatana, with an aesthetic that calls back to Commander Keen and FTL: Faster Than Light. It's obvious the developers are looking at ideas such as stealing a main character from Breaking Bad, with an elevator pitch of gun based combat of 1992's seminal shooter Wolfenstein 3D plus Dark Souls.
Dark Souls clearly takes inspiration from the cult classic game Bubsy 3D
Yeah where's our Knack-type games
New ideas are so hard to come across with so many games out, so execution is very important now in every game
This video is giving "Playing this game makes you really feel like Batman" vibes
Literally every art form builds upon what has come before it, I don't really get the point of this video.
wow this video is like a melting pot of avgn, irate gamer, and vine compilations (2016)
*dark souls - exist* *every game ever* - "ay let me get a piece of that big boss/roll dodge gameplay with a side of spooky"
This video makes me really feel like Dark Souls
If I was a really meta video maker and had the time, I'd be halfway through making the same video but with different clips
Dunkey we all know your little brother writes the reviews ok. If you wrote them yourself they'd just be chicken-scratch! I mean Donkey's can't even write dude.
This truly is a Strand-TypeDark SoulsKnack2-esque video
Imagine having a stamina system and some shitdick is like "yeah this is just another dark souls clone", completely unaware of the fact that you are referring to the act of walking on a treadmill.
DS and Zelda greatest franchises of all time don't @ me
I have to say, it's rare to see a video-game channel as original as Dunkey's these days, even though it borrows a lot of elements from Knack.
Note to self: Don't talk about how unique a game is and then proceed to talk about how similar it is to Dark Souls. - Gex
"This game is like playing Dark Souls at Shigeru Miyamoto's house" - Gex, Call of Duty 5 review
*dodge attacks or take huge damage* "Oh man this is just like dark souls"
Everybody is always making knack-type games nowadays, but no strand-type games. Really societys a lot about saying.
All i got from this video is that game critics fckin suck
Imitation is the Best form of flattery.
Ah yes, the nonsensical comparisons to FromSoft games continues. Classic. I feel like not a single one of these people has played anything FromSoft made.
Dark souls 2 clearly has alot of similaritys to dark souls
this game has taken inspiration from knack 2 baby
I mean, there's a whole "Metroidvania" category
Bad game = shameless knockoff Good game = heavily inspired
Damn. Thought that last one was going to be borrowing from Prince of Persia.
Reported for nudity
Why won't anyone copy KNACK!? :(
He finally talks LoL
This might be why I get bored with new games... I've already played Dark Souls.
As a designer, I was always taught/thought it was important to describe games without using another game in my description.  These reviewers missed that memo.
You know what's original? Strand type games There's only one game made in that category  That's peak originality
This video borrows heavily off from Videogamedunkey.
This is like a luau at Mel Blanc's house.
This is the dark souls of soup games
My mom has taken inspiration from 'Dark Souls' when she gave birth to me.
you can only understand a thing by comparing it with what has come before-true originality is a myth.
I FREAKING love this
Man all those review really are just rince and repeat
Pong, the originally game that all games took inspiration from because it grabbed massive attention. All the rest are an afterthought.
This is why we really need more soup-type games.
Everything is Dark Souls but Dark Souls is Zelda but Pain so that means every game is just a Zelda rip off.  Therefore Mario 2 is the most original game of all time
Dunkey is the Dark Souls of youtube
Dark Souls 3 actually draws several shameless gameplay aspects from Dark Souls 2
There's no such thing as originality, you can either say all is a copy of something else or all is original...
"It's like playing Dark Souls at Zelda's house" - Tony Soprano
It really makes you FEEL like you’ve done this before.
Y'all need to play Blind Drive.
That's why visual novels are the way to go, umineko let's fucking go
Why would you give any attention to what a game journos has to say. They're not even people.
Feeling bad for dunkey thinking about all the game journalism he had to wade through to make this video
HEE HAW
Once I saw the dark souls segment I thought the end joke would be a review of dark souls comparing it to another game
This video makes me so fucking mad
There's so many breath of the wild knock offs that it should be a genre by now
What's the game at 2:08?
My argument against your point is the first Strand-type argument, so you don't even have to respond, your response already failed
Might as well mention the original doom in all FPS game reviews
I’m ngl , I was expecting a Dunkey commentary on the game industry type video and i’m a biiiit disappointed
What’s the point of this video? All games have things that are similar with other games, it’s literally imposible making something completely new. What’s your problem with acknowledging similarities in games?
This is the Doom Eternal of things that are not Doom Eternal
Happy 10th Dark Souls.
This is why I love Doom Eternal so much, it's really unlike any other shooter out there
Ok so? nothing is original what a big surprise, not really a gotcha
This video is like if Dark Souls was Far Cry 4 and if Donkey Kong was Zelda.
It's the reason why we tend to feel nostalgia for old games that showed us something new or different, even though they might have been objectively unpolished and lacking several things for a 10/10. A unique aspect makes you forget about the rest of a game. I recently felt so nostalgic for Mafia 3s Story and Characters and wanted to go back, even though I know I was suffering for it with that horrible Gameplay loop... or how flashed I was by Bioshock Infinites twists and turns when the game itself is mediocre at best.
Very Strand-like review with Souls-Like elements
This video obviously took a lot of inspiration from the Twitter post “Dark souls of coffee”
This video is the dark souls of game mechanics
Spittin fax
This is just game journos trying to sound like they played every game. But they only reference games from the last 5 years.
*Thank You Dark Souls*
Dunkey is the ds of yt
One of gaming greatest ironies.
0:19 Anyone know this game?
Originality in video games or "game critics mostly using the wrong names to reference the inspired game"  Seriously, I hear dark souls being reference it makes me not want to play it any more
IGN can't FEEL LIKE anything anymore because of Dunkey. Now they can't clearly get inspired by anything anymore.
this is less about originality and more about lazy game journalism
3:14 donkey here
That first game was just insomniacs “girl with a stick”.
Gotta stroke that SEO snake.
I think when a game is a 3D Action-RPG with intentionally methodical gameplay and exploration, it's fair to call that similar to a -Souls game. When a game is just difficult and contains exploration and dodge-rolling, that is not fair to call similar to a -Souls game.
This video made me laugh just like Pewdiepie does & a dash of Epic Meal Time just without the anime.
we truly do live in a *dark soul*
Bowsers big bean burrito was inspired by Dunkey himself
DUNKEY NEVER MISSES
This video has taken inspiration from The Sopranos video game. I haven't seen it yet, in case you're wondering.
Video inspired by souls.
JUST LIKE BLARK BLOULS
When comparing things to dark souls, there original Dark Souls was an experiment of setting up what they can do and expand there what they will for gameplay; with only a few expectations, it wasn't a check box of what ideas they think they want... That's rather what happened to its sequels
As I am the first strand type game, I know everything about originality.
Oh, so this game uses walking mechanics? dump it, not original
Unfortunate that it's all a game like dark souls.
Honestly at a certain point just stfu, everyone knows what a ledge navigating mechanic is and how grapple hooks work it doesn't need to be described as "like Jedi fallen order and Sekiro"
Why describe a game when you can describe what games it’s like?
this video is the gex of videogame commentary
Book worm adventures 2 takes inspiration from Book worm adventures
Ironic how they compare everything to dark souls and yet darksouls was never a masterpiece in their eyes
Yet when we get something original like a No More Heroes 3, all we wanna talk about is frame rates in the open world sections. People love Souls likes and now Breath of The Wild likes, so the industry will keep trying to get as close to those as possible. Kena is one of the best examples of this for sure.
Game journos are the laziest
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time can best be described as having the combat of Dark Souls and the puzzles of Uncharted
I don't know why I came in here expecting a "Games that should BANG: Zelda and Dark Souls" but I am quite pleased with the IGN shenanigans on display here.
Thank you dark souls
I don't know? It looks more like burger time to me.   Damn, gaint weniers and eggs always coming for ya!     All I'm trying to do so make a juicy burger.
You get a few games every decade that are actually groundbreaking, and then you get the money chasing knockoffs for the rest of the decade.
game journalist = 🤡
this game is kind of a zelda inspired, mario esque, earthbound-y, adventure game with a dark souls style of combat with mechanics simillar to jrpgs such as persona 5 that really make you feel like the main character with story elements very akin to the pikmin and danganronpa games with this shit I just took in toilet that kind of looks like a small version of steve harvey mixed in
And to make it even worse. All these games borrow from Dark Souls III also.
it's like Pikmin, with guns. It's sort of like Gex.
🥜
This game really makes you feel like you're playing a game that takes elements from Dark Souls
So pretty much everything is zelda
This is clearly the Dark Souls of video game critique critique.
I played the new wario ware game and i got to say, it's a completely new and original concept that has never been done before by anyone ever. But it also has elements of dark souls, demon souls, Bloodborne, genshin impact, Zelda breath of the wild, devil may cry, Bayonetta, pokemon mystery dungeon blue, hey you Pikachu, batman Arkham asylum, tumbo 2 and payday 1
.
I’ve never seen a game that has taken inspiration from Knack….
But what do they compare dark souls too
everything gets compared to everything
Some of these games are pretty original, but unfortunately novelty doesn't quite sell like the phrase "It's like Dark Souls."
Finley videos are like donkey videos plus dunsley videos: you never know who is in Paris.
Lot of potential for the next Dunkey meme to be found here.
Games that manage to transcend their own genre and twist it in a way that's not gimmicky, more so revolutionary, are rewarded by being used as points of comparation in future IGN reviews lmao
None of these are strand type games so that’s why they are unoriginal 😂
why would game devs try to make unique games when they are just trying to pay their bills too? making something that will give players resemblance of a game that they paid 80$ for will do the job. that's it. nothing more to it. just money thing. why risk making whole uniqe game with unknown mechanics when you can just remake DMC in other world for 50 times and still get paid.
I don't mind if they take the best aspects of certain games and combine them to be honest.
This seems to be more of a jab at game “journalists” than lack of originality in games. Either way, this comment section is way too serious about the topic for a Dunkey video.
Holy shit Dunko man must love IGN why else would he make a whole video about them?
Darks souls 3 takes a lot inspiration from From Softwares dark souls series.
Where´s the strand-type games this times ?
Death loop is like Dark souls  Why have I've never thought of that? Of course!
This video is cancer
I think this is less "games lack originality" and more "game reviewers are fucking shitty about talking about games without referencing other games."
I think those were the longest 3 minutes of my life.
ZELDA LIKE Zelda like ZELDA LIKEEEEEE
You forgot to show how innovative Age of Empires 4 is /s
Dunk spoke a whole two sentences.
What a dunkey inspired video
This video does not have enough nudity!
I just don't play video games anymore, I can't take it anymore
Dark Souls owes a lot to Kentaro Miura, better knowns as the guy who made the hit Manga Berserk.  May he rest in piece.  There is hardly any Originality any more Dunkey, I understand the message of this video, but for a game to be an original thought/gameplay change, the companies would have to ACTUALLY give a fuck about what they are making besides combining archetypes and making a game that fits the flavor of the month.  Sad times, but games have been out for so long that now it is honestly hard to make an Original game, just requires a lot of man hours and people ACTUALLy wanting to make a new idea.
Only dunkey can make me watch critics compare games to other games for 3 and a half minutes.
Originality in the true sense is very rare. Everything is permutation and combinations of old ideas.
God dang it everyone forgot what genres are and how to describe games other then dark souls and zelda
The monotone reviewers made this video feel way longer than 3 minutes 35 seconds
Yikes. Pretty cringe.  Makes a really strong statement. Borrows heavily from Bark Souls, Death of the Wild and God of Snore.
this channel is clearly inspired by Kiori
There's no need to be surprised. These are all imitations... But there is no rule that says an imitation cannot defeat the original. -Emiya Shirou
Okay dunkey! But chimp collector, now thats original!
Why would you say something so controversial yet so brave?
outro song anyone?
yea but like... wont all games be alike eventually? i mean.... theres only so much u can do. if u have a jump and a shoot button... is it like Gunstar Heroes? if you have a sword and a grapple... is it Zelda? what else can devs do lol. maybe comparing games to an older game isnt thee best idea. honestly the ONLY game that has been extremely original,.,, is death stranding... and we all know how that went
so every rogue lite is a hades knockoff? did that journalist start playing games last year?
Luckily, I am the most original person ever.
All pro gamers know dark souls is just a clone of RuneScape because both games have cheese in them
I genuinely thought the end of this video would be all these games getting high review scores lol
I am further reminded that being a journalist is the easiest job ever
I WONDER WHY OUR FAVORITE FRANCHISES ARE THE SOULS AND ZELDA SERIES CURIOUS
So, all games is copy of Zelda, DMC and Dark Souls :V
Sometimes, and i repeat, SOMETIMES, a game that's unoriginal but very fun to play is better than an original one, most people would agree Spider-Man PS4 is way more generic than Death Stranding, but most prefer Spider-Man
Now, as long as i think about it, you basically play three games: Devil May Cry, Dark Souls and Breath of the Wild and now you played like 50% of the games on the market...
bad artists create. good artists borrow. great artists steal. best artists steal and never get caught
Everything is dark souls and Zelda, nice
I think it comes down to using some games as genre defining, historically.   It's uncommon to see any action game not being labeled Soulslike, Roguelike/lite, Metroidvania, or Zelda/GTA/Doom/Smash Bros clones these days. I mean, any monster collection game is always going to be compared with Pokemon. Every big budget FPS used to be touted as the Halo killer.
Dwarf Fortress Kenshi The modding communities for most games  Infinite originality, MWAH
Happy 10 year Dark Souls anniversary, I guess?
This is game jornoulism
so...basically...Dark souls and Zelda are everything today
Thank you, Dark Souls.
Donkey has taken some real inspiration from pewdiepie.
Dunkey should make a video where the critics and reviewers  from 15+ years ago are playing Dark Souls, Breath of the Wild/older Zelda games to show that EVERY game has been inspired by some other game before it.
Tbh I don't even know what to say.
this is the dark souls of youtube videos
Me when no new dunky : ☹️  Me when dunkey post 11 minute ago:😆
IGN: "You see Dunkey's reviews don't spend enough time talking about all the similarities between the game he's reviewing and 800 other games. This is why he fails as a reviewer."  Also IGN: "But in the end he's got a little something for everyone." 9.3/10
Introducing dark souls which takes some inspiration from dark souls with a setting similar to that of dark souls with gameplay and character designs that will make you think they came from dark souls
Game journalism died in 2005.
this video was heavily inspired by the dark souls series
of all the fucking games to end on he chooses the most disappointing gaming experience of my life. 10/10 another masterpiece donkus
Nintendogs is definitely a Tamagotchi like game.
It really makes you feel like you're playing another game
Almost there...
Breath of the wild didn't really create a new genre when it came out. It just polished the open world genre to a gem like shine that others are compelled to imitate. Same with Dark souls. But now that they're such shining beacons of what games of those genres could be its hard not to compare any other that comes out that is similar. However I also feel like people find the pattern of where the games are similar than where they differ.
This Game makes you feel like Spider-Man
"Hollow Knight, it's like cute Castlevania with some nods to Dark Souls, and you can do the Duck Tales hop". I was waiting for this the whole video
Every game=Dark souls
welcome to my ted talk; if you can dodge it is dark souls.
Very original
this video definitely wears its dark souls influences on its sleeve
It fucking hurts.
Okay so what I got from this is every videogame is actually Dark souls
so every action game is devil may cry, every adventure game is zelda and  every game ever is actually dark souls, thx got it!
"We don't have ideas, ideas have us." - My dad, probably
The only original concept we had in recent history was Knack.
Deaths gambit is insane game actually
2:12 what game is this??? It looks amazing
This isn't the Dunk Stranding Dunkrector's Cut Review
Eldest Souls is so on the nose its hysterical
Bro the research Dunkey had to do for this video!
Yeah. That’s just how humans think about things. They compare something new to something they already know. It saves time, too. “Hey you know this thing you’re familiar with? This is like that.” It’s easier then trying to explain it in the abstract, though maybe a bit cheaper. Video games feel more similar to each other lately anyway, that’s not game journalists fault. I get what you’re critiquing here, but if this is the problem, what’s the solution?
“This game tells a story based on the horrors of war”  “This game was inspired by the Zelda franchise”
There are three games in reality Legend of Zelda Devil may cry  And dark souls in the eyes of ign
So what dunkey is saying.. Zelda and dark souls are the best  Yeah.. That's pretty based
1278th!!!!
Dunkey is a Biggie/ Kanye West - like rapper.
This video really made me feel like IGN
Yea i kinda always hate those parts of reviews. It does NOTHING to actually describe the game for a brand new gamer looking to get into the hobby with no knowledge of these random name dropped games. It also isn’t as simple as ‘this is like botw, if you like botw you will like this.’ Not true, ppl can love botw and hate genshin. A game can also be ‘like’ botw and still suck. The statement does quite literally nothing AND is overused.
well, many games had a lot of influences. Specially if they are known it's a good reference. and to make games "original" is super hard without seeing patterns or inspiration from other games. that's how ideas happen. You only can do so much without making the next "noone wants to buy it because noone understands it" game.
People should just play the truly ORIGINAL GAME Supa Smash Bruddas Meelee for the Nintendo GameCube.
U forgot endscreen dunkey 😅
I'm beginning to think it's the Games Journalist/YouTube Reviewers who are the ones actually lacking in originality too....
Devs love ripping off dark souls so can they start ripping off armored core now? The world needs more dope mech games
Corporate game reviewers go
"I've never played a game like Deathloop before"  *Proceeds to list several games like Deathloop including its spiritual predecessor*
Choosing between original new stuff and something secondary that proved to sell well, publishers and sponsors choose the latter one. It's often about making money than providing something experimental and risky. Game development industry suffers from that a lot, and indie teams make carbon copies of popular titles just to survive. As for the big companies... They usually choose the safe way.
This video has clearly taken inspiration from 'Dark Souls.'
ngl, when I played Kena, it was hard for me not to get reminded of GOW4 and Sekiro.(that first real boss gave me guardian ape vibes, and not in a good way) It’s a good game, but when people say GOTY, I get a little pissed off.
im at 0:43 rn, the whole video is like this isnt it? lmao
*plays video game*  “This is definitely inspired by a video game.”
whenever dunkey uploads is a good day
didn't expect to hear a reference to Overlord today, the first strand type game
I was gonna post an angry comment about comparing a game to another made by the same company, but as it turns out, Nioh wasn't made by Fromsoft.  That being said... I haven't actually played Octopath Traveller.
“Inspiration from dark souls” “inspiration from devil may cry” and “inspiration from breath of the wild” were the ones I heard the most lel
IGN reviews hurt my soul
if its only Dunkey editing this, just this video that is like 3 min long would take so damn long to put together. Well done Dunk. 👏👏
Not just video games, my black friend. Pretty much every entertainment medium is in a barren, lifeless desert of creativity.
I don't think all of this is bad. There is no better way to tell an audience what to expect from a game than by comparing it to things that they may have been exposed to before. Obviously not everything in this video is that, but I've been able to make purchase decisions off of reviews like this where they mention similarities to another game that I don't like. It's a valuable way of introducing a new game to an audience that doesn't know what to expect from it, and the fact that the gaming medium at large is so focused on profit means that it is inherently useful to the industry.
now this is epic
its not about originality but about reviewers
Remember when games used to have a genre? Now, we have *every* genre in a *single* genre; The Sony exclusive!
Yo this video has been up for 10 damn minutes and there’s already 1.1k comments. That’s the power of dunkey
Guy who has only ever played Dark Souls playing his second ever videogame: "You know this reminds me a lot of Dark Souls actually"
This video made me sad and I dont wanna explain why
I'm not watching this guy anymore, he's just copying Dunkey.
This is like taking inspiration from Dark Souls at Miyazaki's house- Gex
This is the Dark Souls of YouTube videos
Yo, what was that bird skating game!?! I'm serious I want to freaking play that!
Mario Galaxy clearly is part of the many Gex-type platformers Dunkey you forgot to mention that in your review
A good dunkvideo, but obviously inspired by dark souls
If every game is Dark Souls then no game is Dark Souls.
Cyberpunk clearly takes elements from Garry's mod, dark souls, Zelda with a little of leisure Larry.
Please play subnautica
this channel borrows comedic timing from Family Guy, with the hard edged drama of Jake Paul and clear inspiration from Dark Soul.
I guess the only game "game critics" know exist are Breath of the Wild or Dark Souls
Gaming genres work more like music genres. They blend into each other and make playlists with your tastes. Making comparisons likes this is pointless, nitpicking and biased.
2:08 game ?
Yo guys I need help, whats the game called shown at 2:13 ?
We live in the Dark Souls of real life
if only there were some sort of term we could use that clearly put different games into groups based on how the game is played. then maybe we could instantly understand what the game is about in a few words, without using clunky, annoying, reductive descriptions that insult both the developer and any potential players' intelligence.  oh well. hey anyone see that new game that kinda looks like zelda and stardew valley
Everything is often inspired by or derived by something else. The problem is when it's literally copying it. You can still have original ideas or a new spin or take on something already done. Sadly these gaming journalist reports don't see past "hurr dark souls durr" or "omg it's BotW!". Inspiration, not imitation, is what to aim for imo. Find that special something that resonated with you, and use it to craft your own special concept or experience instead.
While it may seem that this has a clear message it really doesn't say anything. Of course there are genres and very popular stand ins for those genres. There is nothing wrong with that.
The only issue I find with this phenomenon is that this applies to microtransactions all too well…
This is like the Dunk Souls of satire videos
This made me realise these reviews suck... :) non-gamer watching these be like zelda-like and be like the what now????  Like DMC or Bayonetta.... again the what now???
Simpsons did it
These games are all ripping off Knack 3D Definitive Edition.
This makes me wanna change my review style lol Dunkey has a good point
So... everything is DarkSouls and Legend of Zelda ?
Remember when every game was Dark Souls
Man I love it when Dunkey puts game reviewers on blast.
Play everhood of you're looking for originality
😂😂😂😂😂😂
All these games are clearly minecraft rippofs, the pioneer of being able to control your character AND have a menu
Now I understand why Kojima felt like he had to make a terrible game
0:38 Was he going to say "Among us"?
this video was extremely jarring
It's all so tiresome...
I used to be a very cynical hipster when I was young but as I got older I realized it was just making me be a hyper critic who couldn't enjoy anything. Now I feel as long as the game is fun I don't care how obvious it's inspiration is. Nothing is original and that's okay as long as it's enjoyable.
Didn't we have this discussion two years ago?
Dunkey, you ok? You have been watching awful lot of IGN reviews. We are all worried about you.
Do not misunderstand that these words are usually not of the creators, but of 'curators' or whatever they call themselves. They are trained to give this bland, easy to understand description that will help the game appeal to wider audiences. This does not necessarily have to do with the originality of the game.
Saying game feels, looks or plays like another well known game is a very easy and effective way to give the viewer an idea of what to expect. There is nothing wrong with this.
The more I think about it, the more I realize that the meaning of life and why the universe exists is more of an homage to to Dark Souls while taking clear inspiration from Breath of the Wild.
yawn
Dounkey: Heavily inspired by Youtubers like Dunkey and Doubulous 71.
Minecraft survival mode has taken Heavy Inspiration from dark souls while having a FFVII style combat with exploration mechanics that were inspired by No man sky.
Imaging making a football game and saying " this game is more like football from nfl"
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
Dark souls is a soul-like videogame that borrowed inspiration from Bloodborne
HEE HAW
I mean, orininality is not really that important. It's the execution of it that matters.
Think about how many reviews he had to watch for this
In the future video games will be automatically generated
I find it funny that dunkey said literally one sentence the whole video
notice how nobody mentioned glover, the most original game of all time
Originality in Comment Section
Every aspiring indie developer when brainstorming ideas for an original new rpg be like
Game not easy = Dark souls  Game have stamina climbing = BOTW
Nothing like dunk souls.
I'm so fucking happy he showed a clip of let it die, fun game, great game
(and then a katamari comes crashing through the roof)
Lmao only needs like 7 words to get his point across. Love it.
Do these people only play the same 10 games
First
Humanity reached its peak in 2016. Everything after that has been recycled numerous times. We really are running through simulation.
Also anyone who watches this video and thinks he's criticizing games is wack. You can't actually think those literal 2d games are dark souls lol
It's hard to be truly original. You gotta look deep in your brain meat and try to create something no one has seen before.  Pulling ideas from other sources isn't bad it all depends on how one uses it and ironically how it feels.
Dark Souls is like the Dunkey video of video games. But with a touch of Breath of the Wild, and Assassins Creed. But good or the bad version of …
I liked the part when the game reminded them of dark souls
So what you are saying is everything after the legend of Zelda and dark souls is unoriginal
All I'm saying is ever since Pong all videogames include controls of some kind, therefore every game is really just a Pong knockoff
i'm making a mario paint its is like kinda darksouls
Your previous video asked me for ID. Big nope.
Dunkey is really good at juxtaposing clips to make a point that speaks for itself.
I wouldn't say it's a problem of modern games, but a problem of moder fucking journalists who are unable to describe the game without weird comparesement to every game they ever played in their entire life(mostly 2-3 for the real pros)
This reminds me of a first person shooter similar to apex legends, good old titanfall 2
...I mean... yeah that is a thing we tend to do But I think that's more of our monkey brains comparing one thing to another because of similarities and that. A rock is similar to a bolder, so we think of it as a 'big rock'.  So, in this case, if we see a platformer with a lot of jumping based mechanics with power ups. We think Mario usually even if it has a few twists.  I think sometimes we forget that these concepts were original at one point but there was a formula made that has been twisted and refined to the point where it's really hard not to think of games such as 'Dark Souls' for more grim games where things seem hopeless or Hades for games with large dungeons and hazards intertwined with the gameplay.  Really, we should be embracing the ideas that we are taking themes and gameplay elements among other things from other games and putting our own unique twist on it.  Someone make a Sekiro game with Kingdom Hearts combat or a game with Persona RPG aspects and combine them with fast-paced shooting of any other shooter.  Ya know, go the extra mile and all that.
Game - *exists and is hard* Every Reviewer - "So it's like Dark Souls"
I mean you're not wrong, but game originality seems higher currently than in the past too. The N64 era was pretty bad.
Ghost of Tsushima definitely earned a spot here. The least original game I'd played in years.
The only original game is Knack HD
I’m a beat rat.
I feel like a lot of these examples are more just reviewers finding a quick and easy way to convey the idea of what the game reminds them of. When they say, “action games like DMC or Bayonetta” I don’t think they mean it plays exactly like those games but it just belongs to the genre of fast paced action games. It’s a fun buzz phrase to say but just because they say it, doesn’t mean it’s 100% exactly what they mean. I don’t think IGN literally meant “Skyrim but with guns” when reviewing Far Cry 3. I imagine they follow up what they mean by that phrase by (hopefully) going into more detail. Basically, these phrases don’t fully represent games and therefore isn’t a solid sign of a lack of originality of games today. They’re perfectly fine phrases but they don’t encompass everything.  I’m more defending the games that just have similarities unlike the straight stealing of aesthetics and mechanics from Genshin Impact for example
Fun fact: Dunkey was actually inspired heavily by Dark Souls
Every thing is a doom clone or a populus clone or a ultima clone
"This Dunkey video is clearly influenced by and takes many of it's ideas from Dark Souls"  - IGN 9/10
i'm surprised you didn't squeeze in some clips of kojima talking about creating a new genre only for it to turn into another fetch quest game.
Wish China would take over and ban games already
Damn, I expected this to be one of your phenomenal video essays breaking down the topic. F.
This comment is reminiscent of the cleverness you'd find in games such as Glover 64 or Mega Man 2, but also hits like a train like Little Mac from Punch-Out!
Dunkey's really goin for IGN's nutts. Something that I has always loved about your reviews Dunk is that you do what these reviewers don't... you describe the game in your own way, show gameplay, make jokes, break down mechanics, instead of just referencing all the things that it's similar to. I get so sick when 4 minutes of a 10 minute review is just listing what games are really similar  to the one their reviewing. Anyway just letting ya know I think all of us are appreciative of your unique review style... but then again it's kind of like (list 500 other gaming youtubers names here) so never mind. Imma keep watching IGN, why would I ever listen to a Donkey!?
Last time I was this early there was only one Knack game
Making comparisons to well known games can be great for smaller games to attract fans, but also tends to nullify what in isolation tends to be a game with unique and fresh ideas. This being said, it's universally agreed upon that Splitgate is actually dark souls.
Everything Seems copying dark souls and dark souls copying berserk
I mean is this really a problem? All art borrows from other art and reviews draw on that to paint a picture of the product.
But does it make me FEEL LIKE Big Chungus?
''This is like playing Knack 2 but with Death Stranding elements put into it with Dark Souls-esque combat'' - Gex
Thank You for reminding me how awful game journalism is.
Did the one journalist say outer wilds instead of outer worlds??
Donkey king 64 is more like banjo kazooie 1 and 2
This makes me wanna play dunksouls
Dark souls everywhere
I'm calling it now. Elden Ring is just Zelda, Breath of the Wild, and whatever the next Zelda game is, will borrow heavily from the Dark Souls series
Today on "Nothing exists in a Vacuum"...
Hollow knight is the Dark Souls of Platformers and CrownSwords is a callback to HollowNight which is a callback to old school Metroid, which is a spin on the Megaman formula. But deep down, every game developer should play plenty of respect to the game Pong.
But if the game is entirely new, and not derivative of something I already like, how do I know if I will like the new game before playing it? (Sarcasm)
Wait.... what Zelda take inspiration of?
Wait a sec, this game's just ripping off pong
no one: IGN playing any game with a role animation when dodging: Its just like DARK SOULS
this video is a lot like dark souls
I was just thinking yesterday, about how all these new games that have this cell shading look always feel so empty and soulless. I just started playing Silent Hill 2 for the first time and that made me realize that instead of being dissatisfied by the barrage of new games and future releases, there are still a lot of unique older games that are made with actual love by the developers, that you can feel while playing. I know this sounds weird, but I can't explain it otherwise.
Ah yes the new genre "Dark Souls"
There is a difference between emulation and imitation. One is being inspired and the other is just copying. Heck, it's a concept so old that ancient romans coined the words (imitatio and emulatio). I don't really see what the point of this video see unless you're trying to diss reviewers who are just trying to convey an uninformed audience what the game is like.  Unless you're saying that Virgyl copied Homer because he copied some of his characters and settings
god this made me upset
What an idiotic video. I think usually Dunkey makes good points but this is just asinine.
So weird that they didn't tag this for nudity eventhough it had just as many of it as last video.
4k.. ray tracing… DLSS… all these were not there when the OG mario was there… it was.. IS and will always be fun to play 😌
Plays Dark Souls  **Inspired from POKEMON**
Damn, i literally just watched that Sable review video from ign right before watching this video. And that video was uploaded less then a day ago. My man's Dunky moving with the swiftness!
This video has taken some clear inspiration from the Donkey Kong TV Show.
yeah, if you want to describe games in less  than 1000 words, you use other games as reference. what about it?
So what I'm hearing is Dark Souls is the only original game ever made?
This man will complain about originality and then pay full price for the new Mario game on Day 1.
At least no one will ever get to say that a game plays like Death Stranding, because no one would ever be insane enough to make a strand-type game.
Another great original video. While watching it, it’s clear it took a lot of inspiration from Dark Souls and The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild, with some Key elements taken right out of Persona 5
"Where are all the original games these days?"  Go make one. That's not even a taunt, I am dead serious. If you have a completely novel idea for a game, go and make it real. Don't delay. Don't make excuses. Just Do It.
Uh oh instant classic donkey video, but I seen someone make this one before so no classic sorry
you know the saying.... *"if it ain't broke, rip off zelda breath of the wilds climbing mechanics"*
This is like girlfriend reviews, but with a twist of Monty Python sarcasm and dry humor
Dark Souls is a souls-like game...
Same thing with movies really. If its quiet and weird its David lynch, if its dialogue driven it's Tarantino
That’s probably why fortnite exploded so hard. It’s building element was unique
The game really makes you FEEL like every other video game
What’s the name of the game at 2:09
when any “______ in videogames” video comes out  new dunkey bible dropped
You make me want to become a video game designer more and more
I guess the most original game is 1 on the Odyssey
Dungus
Anytime Dark Souls is mentioned, you know the review is about to be crap.
Dunkey nobody wants to see anything original, we want to see the same thing over and over again 1000 times but with better graphics
The elevator pitch of Dunkey’s channel is knack and super Mario brothers 2 babyyy
This is where games like Getting Over It with Bennet Foddy shine through!
Actually this video takes a clear inspiration of dark souls
it's the demon's souls of dark souls titles, with soulsborne soulslikeness
Video games aren't even real, let's be honest.
oh dunkey is shitting on modern gaming journalism again.... good, i havent seen options menu in a review since 2018
Let's get real people, we all know that everything comes from Dark Souls.
Ah yes, Zelda and dark souls. My two favorite game genres.
where's our game that takes from Knack?
This is why indie is the way to go. Whoever said dead cells is a souls like needs to go play dark souls again and actually get past the first area. We need more things like thief the dark project, dark messiah of might and magic, wizardry 8, hollow knight.
This video clearly took elements from dark souls
Reviewers: I've never played a game like *insert unoriginal game here* but it plays a lot like *insert original game here* so you're going to have a great time
Soooo basically Devil May Cry + Zelda = GOOD GAME
For me I haven’t played a game original since Pong. 2 sides, and a ball. That’s all I need. Games today just suck.
True
Dark souls is really the dark souls of game comparisons
Every game is Zelda 🤗
Goddamn it’s been two minutes and there’s already thousands of views and plenty of comments and likes!!
on some I blame the reviewers, and on other's I blame the directors of the games.
lego star wars skywalker saga
inspired by deez nutz bruh
reinstalled Saints Row 3 yesterday. it feels fresh and new.
My favourite genre of Dunkey videos is the one where he doesn't speak or barely speaks, but still manages to say a lot.
My takeawawy is that dunkey is aware of Genshin Impact so Genshin Impact review when Dunkey?
This video highlights this like it's a problem but I'm fine with this.
You could've made a joke with doom and the entirety of the fps genre
More like unoriginality in reviews
Kena Bridge of Spirits hits home. Looks good, plays ok. Boring.
dark souls it's self is not an original idea.
this truly is the dark souls of dunkey videos
I see what you're saying but I think in most cases the reviewer is just trying to give the viewer an idea of the type of game they are reviewing is especially in today's age where genres have become so enmeshed.
the amazing thing about saying that "every game has a stamina-based climbing system thanks to BOTW" is that BOTW isn't even the first game to do it xD Shadow of the Colossus, anyone?
Another banger
If you die twice to the same enemie there is definitively a inspiration in dark souls
The problem with all the games that are like Dark Souls is that I don't even like Dark Souls
Did he just compare Dark Souls to Deathloop? THE DARK SOULS OF SHOOTERS BABBBYYY
"It's like Dark Souls" Ok, so either it's a 3rd person action RPG with a focus on fighting a series of bosses, or it's literally any game with that cringey 'git gud' community? Do you have fun in the game? No? Ok thanks I'm gonna buy 69 copies of the Binding of Isaac.
Thats why I hate big game outlet reviews and actually respect most of dounkeys reviews
2:08 I like this guy
There’s nothing quite like Super Mario Bros. 2
Agreed
Haven't seen anything be reviewed as 'this game is just like Knack 2', which shows that it's such a great game that it can't be replicated
Okay, but when is the Tekken 2 video coming out?
First
“This is a strand-type comment.” - Gex
this video’s like a Crowbcat styled compilation of video game inspiration, with a hint of NSMB credits music
JUST TELL ME HOW THE GAME WORKS
Omg I'm so early I need to say something important      Bookworms adventures babyyyyy
With too many games to count there are bound to be some inspired from another or that people will compare to. And then there are the lost diamonds in the rough like Psychonauts which was lucky enough to get a sequel
dunkey should make a game called "dunkeys game" i bet it would be very original
Breathe of the Wild 2 Review: this game combines gameplay elements of games like Zelda: Breathe of the Wild with ....
I think it's fair. It's much easier to compare it to other games and explain why you're making the comparison than it is to describe what you mean just by itself. And if someone likes the games it's being compared to, they'll easily know to pay more attention to this one and see if they like it. If something is a ripoff, then you can just say it's a ripoff. That being said, comparisons are the dark souls of video game reviews.
You know what they say.  Every game is Dark Souls
So Zelda and Dark Souls are the best games ever made??
This video is a lot like Zelda
Sun and moon will see you at the court for ripping them off.
Idk man you are pulling all of these audio clips from people reviewing games. One of the major purposes of a review is for the viewer to see if they are interested in a game. Using comparisons to other games the viewer may have played already can help them understand if they will enjoy the game the reviewer is reviewing.
So many good games are just belittled as 'dark souls clones'.
I didn't think Dunkey was gonna talk for any part of this video
"this is like when I played a new strand type game at Jerry Garcia's house"  -Gex
The problem is less that games aren't original and more that reviewers are apparently incapable of talking about games without going "it's like x".   I mean look at 1:01 and tell me how Chicory is just legend of zelda because it uses a top down view. That game looks original as fuck.  Bah.
Drinking gameeeee: take a shot whenever these *reviewers* mention Zelda and Dark Souls.  Bonus: Just choose one of them and you'll still be drunk lmao.
People out here reviewing games as if they were reviewing some bs wine “strong hint of dark souls with the fragrance Resident Evil with the vibrant art style of Borderlands” and its just an indie game called: “Dark Place Final Death” or some other edgy shenanigans.
I remember a time when a game used to have similarities with 50 other games in stead of 78.
"Its like looking for original comments in a videogamedunkey video"  - Gex
Life is that hardest most original game.
Solution:  Witcher 3
I assume that game critics and reviewers make these references to other games because they want their review to be easily digestible and create a sense of familiarity to what theyre reviewing. You cant really review a new game and say the gameplay feels like new game. People cant relate to that...
It’s all just Zelda and dark souls? Always has been.
and on the opposite end, you get weirdo games like death stranding that are extremely divisive
Hi dunkey
It's really cool how all Dunky did was compile a bunch of clips yet his message got through as if he outright said it.
Wow a video Without Dunkey talking?  That’s rare
This video takes the best parts of other gaming journalist videos and makes it its own.
Hey Dunkey if you’re looking for originality then you should play Cheesy the hit 2.5D platformer for the PlayStation 1!
Your appointment to IGN should be finalized within the week, I've already discussed the matter with the game critic
This video certainly feels like it has a little something for everyone
Hit like and Use me as a “YouTube is dumb for age restricting Dunkey’s Deathloop video”
Everything is derivative; things can still be good and new without being completely original
Yes, humans use comparisons to describe things.
This same thing happen to music today everything sound like everything
Games get inspired by other games, aka art gets inspired by previous art that came before it. In other news, water is wet. Like, what?
Bruh I'm most blown back by the fact someone actually remembers the Overlord games
Anyone know what 0:20 game is?
"Everything is dark souls" - everyone
Fuck this is meta
"games journalist bad. now laugh" this video is silly.
Everything is derivative of everything. If you make something purely original in all ways it'll probably be terrible.
Biscuits and gravy clearly is an obvious knockoff of cheese and crackers, taking inspiration from the similar dipping/coating method of the cheese
Your content is going down the toilet dunkey
You can tell how normie some games are that any MF with a blue tick on Twitter calling themselves a "game journalist/reviewer" straight up start naming already popular games to try and mask their inability to properly judge a game as is instead of what it reminds them of
I had to actually face palm at a few of these. Persona is an action RPG like Kingdom Hearts?! WTF?!
Man, Dark Souls really _is_ the Demon Souls of the Darksiders games :/
“I’ve never watched another YouTuber like videogamedunkey”  “I’ve watched a lot of youtubers that are a little like videogamedunkey, like JonTron, Guptill89, and Skeleton Bones Ghoulie”
if you wanna smile, watch dunkey! :)
This video is the To Pimp A Butterfly of Legend of Zelda
New Dunkeyyyy love you Jason ❤️
OOT: “No, I am your Father” Souls Games: “That’s not true! That’s impossible!” OOT: “Search your feelings, you know it to be true” Souls Games: *“Noooooooo!”*
Hideo Kojima warned us of the new genre of Soul Type Games.
Really makes you FEEL like Dark Souls.
As you can see, Pokemon Go has taken some clear inspiration from Bayonetta, Devil May Cry, Legend of Zelda, Dark Souls, Splatoon, Halo, Gears of War, God of War, Spiderman: Miles Morales, Bloodborne, Sekiro, Demon's Souls, Red Dead Redemption 2 and Persona 5.
This game is literally a clone of dark souls. 10/10, it has a little something for everybody. -IGN
This video is like “Re-apologizing to Dream”
Would’ve preferred “more Dunk souls” but that’s just me
Darks Souls is like the Dark Souls of Dark Souls
Most of these references are less about what the game is actually like, and more about the reviewer showing off they know video games.  Not everything is a Zelda knock off.
Person who has only played Dark Souls before playing another game: "I'm getting a lot of Dark Souls vibes from this."
You know, Knack is actually hardly inspired by Dark Souls.
Wow this game looks like *a classic game* and *also a classic game*
Sometimes I poop green instead of brown
Make an original review on apocalypse now
There are only 5 games. Everything else is a remake or rip off
For those that don't get it, this a problem with games "journalism". Not the games themselves being unoriginal.
"Space invaders is just Pong with tiny ships hurr durr" Worst video, Dunkey
It boils down to what type of game, a game can actually be. Is originality even achievable anymore or a games just copying of each other?
Why aren't there any Mario inspired games?
*Farts*  "Oh yeah it's a lot like devil may cry and some essence of breath of the wild"
this is the dark souls of bad game reviews
This looks a little bit like one of his previous video ...
There is no new wine, all you can do is decorate the bottle.
this is exactly what i needed, dunkey your're a doctor
My life feels like Dark souls
But which game comparison is the "dark souls" of game comparisons?
People try to find the closest similarities to known games when describing a new release, what a shocker. Also journos dont know shit about videogames.
Its a red flag when game reviewers compare newer games to established classics.  Pretty much a guarantee that it wont be near as good as its inspiration.  There will only ever be one dark souls
Knack 3 will change the gaming world forever, believe it.
Hey was anyone expected Dunky to start speaking or was that jut me?
classic dunkey vidya black pill video
This just proves that Halo 1: Killing Evolves is the most original game evaaa made!
This video was alot like Legend of Zelda, Breath of the Wild.
Game development imo hasn't really been about true originality in a long time,  rather it has been about building off of the ideas of other games to create a whole new experience.
This video is basically the Collector's Edition vid with a little inspiration from the Top 10 Jokers
Blonga?
Really looking forward to the originality these gaming journalists will use to describe the next 50 instalments of the dark souls series
maybe the real original games were the friends we made along the way
3 minutes that felt like an eternity. Wow, IGN reviewers fucking suck
Origonaloty doesnt mean good. Reoccuring simulair games have a bigger refining quality to a certain point if money doesnt start to take the front seat
Ah yes, everything with a dodge or parry button takes inspiration from Dark Souls
the darksouls of videos
Man this Dunkey guy is kinda like NakeyJakey mixed with a dunkey clone.
This vid reminds me of dialoge from Zelda
So, just play dark souls
And Knack ain't NOTHING like anything you eva played before boyeee.
The only thing less original than games is the game journalist
“This is like playing the same game over and over again” - Gex
"... inspiration from Dark Souls..."
Atleast Knack III is purely original
Hey, early. Cool
The video title interested me but I gotta say just listening to these reviewers babble on for 3 minutes was kinda lame. I’d be far more interested in hearing your opinions on the subject and where you believe the line is drawn between copying a game and borrowing and where originality matters most in a game. Maybe a part two?
Obviously this video took a lot of inspiration from Dark Souls
This dark souls game is just like breath of the wild game
He said so much by saying so little.
"i  havent seen a comment this original since movie night at jerry garcias" - Gex
every game is just a Zelda ripoff
It's important to know though, that because a game has inspiration and not complete originality, doesn't mean it isn't good.
Understanable, have a nice day.
What's the point of this video? Games are always going to build and improve on ideas from prior games.
To be fair that’s more of the reviewers takes on the game than what it may actually be like. The point still stands though. It is hard to make a really original game/concept
Pong was good, but it definitely borrowed too many elements from table tennis.
But dunkey, what about strand-type games, isn't that completely original?
Gaming nowadays is just sad.
Its okay to be getting inspiration from other games as you just dont copy every aspect of the game you inspired from
Shackero was From Hardware’s best Arkham-like
Yeah idk, this video seems like another uninspired Dark Souls clone
You ever just take 2 and a half minutes of other peoples clips speak for 10 seconds and call it content
this video takes clear inspirations from Bayonetta which takes inspiration from Dante which takes inspiration from Gex with takes inspiration from Dunkeys smash videos which is a clear reference to Dark Souls
One thing that I wished game "journalists" did less, is to compare one game to another game.  Just because I make an indie RPG that tackles on serious issues doesn't mean it's an "Undertale/Omori-inspired game".  My game is clearly going for a more "Lisa the Painful" style.
I think people like to compare games and other media, so you can quickly explain what is it about without going into too many details. If I say, "think of Mario and Dark Souls", you already have an image in your mind.
So it’s Zelda, Dark Souls, Devil May Cry
Pairing any Game's likeness with Dark Souls is a pure example of what the Human Mind is on Rest Mode.
hee haw
Dunkey, where the dunkview of Psychonauts 2?
>listening to game journalism
I can't tell whether I think games are stupid.... or bargain bin corporate game reviewers are stupid.
Kind of sucks to see that this video took a lot of inspiration from a lot of really good game review channels like IGN
"Dunkey is basically a combination of Jake Paul & Shaquille O'Neal" - Gex
Ya'll didn't know there are only 3 original games?
To be fair to Darksiders, that's literally what the franchise was trying to do. They borrowed from a ton of popular games on purpose. Portal, Ninja Gaiden, Zelda, etc. So when the third one came out, it was a natural thing to make the combat more like Dark Souls. It's kind of the whole design philosophy behind the games. I haven't played 3 yet, but 1 and 2 are great games. Don't skip them because of their lack of originality.
Here within 3 years
yes
Comparing games to other games is the Dark Souls of game reviewing
Dark Souls is clearly taking inspiration from Gex
This might be the reason Im bored with video games, they mostly feel the same...
I'm starting to appreciate games I can't directly compare to others. Like I can only call The Witness "a goodass puzzle game"
this really makes you FEEL like dark souls
Every Game Dark Souls
I mean, most PS exclusives all feel like the same third person adventure game just with a new skin.
Everything is inspired by Dark Souls. You, me, your dad, everybody.
You can tell this video has taken some clear inspiration from Dark Souls
All games come from pong so all games are pong. I have spoken.
I am hungry for spegtsi
New Dunkey video: "this game is a lot like these other games" x50 *1 mil views*
This video is a lot like dark souls and takes heavy inspiration from breath of the wild
I have taken some interest for a youtube comment to make a youtube comment. So here it goes:            234th
3:13 Oh yeah this is a Dunkey video.
This video really made me FEEL like dark souls.
Hm, is it so bad to have a point of reference though? I mean yeah I can see why this can be annoying, but isn’t more the reviewers fault then the games?
oh no internet funny videogame critic dunkey posted cringe
These are all just rip-offs of Frogger. It's shameful, really
It really makes you FEEL like you're playing something else!
Nice video Dunkey!
Horizon Zero Dawn is a great example of this
yes, hello, good day, i can only explain experiences i have had by comparing them to other experiences i have had. combat isn't challenging and designed to reward recognising and memorising patterns and enemy tells, it's souls-like
Death Stranding, however, is the first of its kind
Minecraft is like a 3d version of terraria and terraria is like super mario maker and super mario make is like super mario and super mario is like a 2d version of super mario 64 and super mario 64 is like crash bandicoot and crash bandicoot is like spyro the dragon and spyro the dragon is like legends of Zelda and legends of Zelda is like WoW and WoW is like assassins creed and assassins creed is like god of war and god of war is like dark souls and dark souls is like
Notice how none of these games can be described as Strand-type games. Miyamoto truly is a genius.
.....thank you dark souls
why don't people make games that remind them of Sonic?  oh wait...
Dunkey and dare I say it dunkey clones are full of fun jokes and overall are well rounded videos, clearly taking inspiration from epic youtuber Keyori and other guy that you copied and are biased because of.
Gran Tourismo definitely took inspiration from Mario Kart
The truth is all of these games are exactly like bug snacks
I just go play my shooter game that's heavily incorporated by every call of duty title with a tad bit of 3 Battlefields and some Halo mixed in.     It might be Destiny 2
What would you, dunkey, recommend for a new game?
Ouch
Just put "Features gameplay inspiration from the Devil May Cry series" stickers on the box.
Thank you Zelda and Dark Souls for inspiring tons of people to make their own games,  or something
This video really made me FEEL like Dark Souls
i cryed
nothing like it...but it's likes this, this, this, this, this, maybe some of this, top down, 360, 9D person view, ideas from here, and inspiration from that.
Deathloop is the Dark Souls of dying in loop (but with guns)
Dunkey is like the jontron and pewdiepie of youtuber.
These games really make you feel like an original idea.
Death Stranding is the only original game to come out in 20 years. It's the only strand type game out there. No one is making stand games. Not even dark souls.
Every game is either dark souls or Zelda. Who knew?
Ok, i get it, Breath Of The Wild is the Ok Computer of video games
This really highlights how video games are in fact all video games
Dunkey just being aware of Let It Die's existence is amazing.
Nothing good is ever truly original, nothing original is ever truly good.
*Video starts with highlight reels of game "journalist" reviews.* Oh this gon be good...
"This game will make you /feel/ like an original gamer"
i mean sometimes it just helps the viewers relate it to a game they've played before, right? art doesn't exist in a vacuum... this does get annoying though when a reviewer or youtuber ONLY talks about the game's it borrows from and keeps comparing rather than talking about the subject in question
This Dunkey video has taken some clear inspiration from crowbcat as well as dark souls.
its like league of legends meets minecraft
Damn I forgot there's really only 3 games: Dark Souls, Devil May Cry and Knack 2
Anotha classic from the dunk I think this is one of the best scripts he’s written very verbose
This is the dark souls of youtube videos, dunkey
If you want originality, play Furi. Play Katana Zero. Play Luftrausers. Play Amnesia. Play Haven.
Zelda truly is the greatest of them all lol
*Plays Genshin Impact*  “Yeah this is totally Devil May Cry with Anime”
PRAIS THE SUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUNNN     hai mai lodato il  SOLE?! PUTTANA!?!!!? (Cit. ThePruld)
TL;DW Games take inspiration from other games that came before them, while game journalists are soulless in writing their reviews. Wow,  shocking...
A critical hit!
more like, originality in video game journalism, oooo get the fuck outta here paulie
Good artists create.  Great artists steal.
It's why I'm excited for Lake
dunkey kong is dark souls of donkey related brands
Amazing message dounkey but I wonder when there will be a Jackie Chan Stuntmaster (2000) video?
Im still waiting 4 tekken 2 video
I mean how many genre's are there? they are gonna feel similar no matter what really, so I kinda understand these hack reviews
Dunkey says so much, by saying so little
"thank you darksouls" -donsley
This comment has taken some inspiration from dark souls
So journalists are doing their job in comparing experiences you havent experienced yet to one's that you have, like in every other industry.
So what happens when you play Dark souls?
Game journalist going to be like: Souls-like, Dmc-like, Ratchet and clank-like, Botw-like, uncharted-like.
my mans literally only talked for five seconds out of his three minute video
Dunky is dunks we worship the dunksssssss and kneel infront of the greatest dunky
Conclusion: dark souls is the original game.
To put it simply, all those games “have a little something for everyone.”
I think that dunkey is inspired by dark souls
Society when the
It’s weird to compare something to Dark Souls because someone finds it difficult. I think when it comes to how a story is told and how the atmosphere is introduced to the player is what makes up a “Souls-Like” game. While combat may be one of them, the world-building itself is the true element of the game.
The newest call of duty took inspiration from the call of duty last year  -IGN probably never
Every game is a mix of Zelda, Devil May Cry, and Dark Souls
ign said yakuza was worse arkham city  dame da ne
I've never played a game like this! *procedes to compare it to 10 different games*
You either die as Dark Souls, or live long enough to become the Legend of Zelda.
Every game in the world with a very slight combat skill gap is now Dark Souls
as a german game review show once said: better well stolen than made badly yourself.
No matter how hard you work, those guys will always find a way to say you didn't do anything and stole from other games.
*reviews dark souls*  “This game clearly takes heavy inspiration from dark souls”
I get comparisons are a important part or who we communicate, but everyone saying ever open world game is like breath of the wild is so annoying when breath of the wild was trying to be a good open world game rather than being original open world game imo
oh hey another video for game journos to seethe over
So if you play Dark Souls and Zelda games you have played everything that gaming has to offer
Vibeo Donkey is my favorite Souls-like.
This video has taken inspiration on Dark Souls
There is no such thing as an original game. Oh? Pong? Nope that’s based of ping pong. Game and watch? Nope that’s based off racism.
Uncreative games or uncreative journalists.
What I get from this is a lot of games copy Zelda
"you'll recognize that the platforming is very similar to the pre-Knack 2 Knack titles"
Super Mario Bros on the nes has clear inspirations from Dark Souls.
Evidently, this just means that there's not enough Strand type games
calling Let it Die anything but original is fucking heresy
This game really makes you feel like you’re in breath of the wild and dark souls
Ya pretty much every game is just ripping off of dark souls
Ima react to this hold on
Apparently every game is somehow a souls like nowadays
"There's no other youtuber quite like them." "Their content is very much like Dunkey's however."
Ah yes
Why does it sound like everybody in the video works at IGN?
Literally one line from dunkey in the whole video. Amazing.
Feels like a 7 to me Zelda- Joe Fanto ign
This is why I can't watch any IGN reviews cause they all just copy and paste the same shit from other reviews.
This hurt to watch
Every action game is now fucking Dark Souls
This video CLEARLY takes heavy inspiration from Dark Souls.
This game makes you feel like dark souls
WE MUST PRAISE THE SUN! EVERYONE START PRAYING
“Note to self: don’t drink tap water like in breath of the wild”
Did you know that cellular organisms are actually inspired by Dark Souls?
Can't wait for Elder Souls: Breath of Dante
Excuse me mister dunky, please play Va11hala  A visual novel  I am a pure monkey brain but for some reason, the characters are so likeable, even my apeshit brain got engaged throughout the whole game.
FromDarkSouls Studios
God of War 2018 is just a ripoff of Godhand but with RPG mechanics so that your stats compensate for your lack of skill and the Last of Us series is just a combo of Metal Gear Solid and Resident Evil. Noob.
“Now, not many people realize that the main influence for dark souls was actually dark souls”
Difficult 2d platformer = Dark Souls
They don't do originality nowadays like they did with Super Mario Bros. 2
ign mfers will see a dodge roll and immediately say it’s similar to dark souls
This is like Bloodeborne-Darksouls-Bayonetta night at Neil Peart's house
Clearly Dark Souls got inspiration from the 3d Platformer Bubsy 3d, but they are nitpicking and biased! bye bye
You can just breathe and be compared to BotW
Next up: Originality in the Dunkey-video comments section
Crazy to think everything is a dark souls reference
I wrote an essay once in college freshman Creative Writing. I titled it “The Limit to Originilaity.”   It was just this. The idea that there comes a point where every story has been told, every idea played, every character written and all the tropes made. We are there now. Everything new can be related to something old, it’s not a bad thing necessarily, but it is important to know. How to make something completely new is the hard part.  I would later on come to learn that while this is the case, there is always room for improvements and changes to those ideas already played. It’s why we always have new technology and new stories are still being written and probably always will be.
Good thing Saints Row isn't like this.  It literally wasn't, journalists just made it seem like it.
Ok dunkey, but can you give me back my daughter she's been missing for three years I just said I like EA games you didn't have to kidnap my daughter
Any chance this is getting flagged for nudity?
so dark souls and zelda
This reminds me of dark souls
every game is a spinoff
Wow that end screen with "more dounkey" is probably the closest I've seen to actually being "more dunkey"
Lol Even the original video game was just trying to simulate tennis
This video, like most of dunkeys videos, takes inspiration from dark souls.
Dark Souls is pretty legit tho. Better to have one in a hundred clones be good than wait to only play FROM Software games.
hey at least big J wasn't a lying man when he said he's done making good videos
This game lets you feel like Dark Souls.
dunkey's voice acting is so good
I like golf. Sue me.
I thought this was a Crowbcat video
Originality doesn’t exist, everything is inspired by what came before it
Dark souls dark souls dark souls dark souls dark souls
It has a little something for everyone
The dark souls of puzzle games, minesweeper
Every game is dunk souls
Super Mario Bros. 2 was heavily inspired by Dark Souls
Gex took inspiration from the Geico Gecko commercials, just like how Busby 3D took inspiration from Pokemon Lets Go Eevee
Funny polemic, but also irrelevant. If the game is fun, it's fun. Genshin Impact is fun so I play. Goodbye.
Everyone knows every game ever made draws inspiration from the first game ever made: Super Mario Bros. 2
everything is a pong clone. somebody get Jeffery Pong his royalty checks.
Aw yeah it’s time to bash IGN. Bring it on
more “i dont say a word” videos please
“There is nothing new under the sun.”  All art takes inspiration from something else. Being honest and accepting that fact is actually a good thing imo, because it’s unavoidable.
there's just so many video games now, and the language of game mechanics have gotten so universal, it's really hard to be completely new.
And as we mentioned,  "Mario 64" borrowed heavily from "Abes Odyssey" in their colorful landscapes and platforming levels
The joke here is that every game ever made is dark souls
This is the Black Ops 9 of turn based JRPGs
Dunkey has obviously taken inspiration with these compilation type videos. This video in no way is an original experience 3/5
Ok so any game but it’s dark souls
Originality in Games reminds me of Originality Joke Night at Tony Danza's house
Kickloop was way too sexual, glad you're back to your family friendly content
No wonder games feel soo stale now! Thanks for showing me why Dunkey!
So obviously I should just stick with what I’ve been doing and keep playing Dark Souls.
This video is clearly inspired by the Devil May Cry series of games
Lol taking extra break at work to watch this
IT HAS A LITTLE BIT FOR EVERYONE
DUNKEY UPLOAD AND DIRECT IN ONE DAY???
But what about Tetris?
Tiny tony hawk
everything is basically dark souls you see
this is like the dark souls of the mario kinda like the legend of  Zelda breath of the wild and something like a god of war and devil may cry borderlands hades kingdom hearts final fantasy 7 fortnite overwatch rocket league Sekiro shadows die twice dark souls
”This game is incredibly unique and I’ve never played anything like it, but…” *proceeds to list 10 different games that are similar*
You got me
eventually it'll get to a point where every game has at least 13 different inspirations
Complete originality is impossible, but there are definitely some things to be said here.
For honor is a game where i think the combat system is truly unique and original .
Dark Souls is the Dark Souls of Dark Souls
This is the dark souls of youtube videos
Get dunked!!
Dark souls
Originality in Video game: **Used to exist**  Game companies now: Whats that?
This is something that happens everywhere, with everything. Humans are pattern recognition machines, and once we notice a pattern it’s often hard to divorce your thoughts from it to form a wholly original critique. You’re immediately going to notice adjacent concepts. Similar to only 7 types of stories existing, we’re ingenious little creatures, but we haven’t created something entirely new since the Stone Age. Always building on predecessors. It’s natural.
I like how Dunkey literally only once in the video, he lets the clips do the rest of the talking
hm
This game really makes you FEEL like Dark Souls
I love originality         I love originality
This is technically a video
Early this time, phew. Now I don’t have to worry about this getting rated 18+.
dark souls is the dark souls of dark souls
Dark souls is pretty much inspired by Dark Souls.
So basiclly... Every game is a Dark Souls/ Zelda spin off?
This is the dark souls of open world zelda games
The Mountain of Mt Rushmore draw some obvious inspirations from the video game Breath of the Wild
Dark souls is the only game
Ah dunkey, most wisest guy on this planet
This video took a lot of inspiration from Dark Souls
Wrong Zelda in the thumbnail 0/10 shit video
I dont understand this video
Watch how many views a video that’s just a bunch of clips is gonna get
Is it time for Video Game Critics 3?
I miss Among us Mondays
dark sluos
When is chunkey kong game review coming out ?
Video has been out for 3 minutes with 300 comments lol
Idk I ain’t seein the similarities
Dunkey really just cut together a bunch of game reviews, said a line, then dipped
Plot twist, everything you see here are just Zelda with skins and Dark Souls with skins. And the reviews are just lying to them selves.
I think it’s taken some inspiration from dark souls. 8/10 it’s got something fro everyone
Pong itself, like dunk said, is just table tennis on a screen. Even the first video game wasn’t original.
How tf does dunkey ingest all this gaming media Srs question, who listens to these people? Ive always just used forums
Just like the movie industry, they're running out of original ideas
“Really makes you feel like Skyrim with guns”
Brilliant offering from the dunk, ironically original
Dunkey has clearly taken inspiration from knack 2 and death stranding
Great video as always
This will be marked as nudity
Donkey has clearly taken some inspiration from dunk souls
I'm sure that the guys from IGN would play the exact same game twice and still give it a 7 without even realize it
Another masterpiece from Dunkey.
Dunkey not talking somehow gave me anxiety…
Donkey Kong arcade cabinet draws a lot of inspiration from the Popeye arcade cabinet
I fucking hate the dunkey comment section.
I love the New Soup credit song
It's just the best way game journalists know how to get across the way the game feels.
This video takes a clear inspiration from Dark Souls
Part truth part lazy journalism.
I can really see how this video was inspired by elements of dark souls.
None of these games have fat rolling so how much like dark souls are they really
Dunkey is a hilarious YouTuber, far closer to JonTron than PewDiePie, but reminds me of ProJared, with the exaggerated swagger of a black teen.
Dunky reminds me of dark souls a little bit
Double house  Touchdown flort bort 2
How to trigger IGN
Comment for the YT algorithm
god, game reviewers really say some cringe shit. i dont know how people can watch that stuff. the opening of this video is like attempted murder, (if i was clever id have made that simile into a fake reference for irony reasons, but i am not so i didnt)
so basically every game since 2011 is dark souls inspired
Seems like more of a dunk on reviewers ability to write then game devs lol
Game: is difficult IGN: so it's basically dark souls
Hee haw!
This video is heavily inspired by Dark Souls
Madden 22 has taken clear inspiration from dark souls
Is this like, supposed to be profound, or a criticism, or something? Media draws influence from other media, it always has and always will since the beginning of time. And reviewers are obviously going to draw comparisons since you're trying to show an audience what something is without them playing it themselves. What's your point?
where is the psyconauts review
This game really makes you feel like the Dark Souls
Every 3rd person game is either dark souls or devil may cry
I love ya dunk
Watching any other YouTube video is like watching a dark souls dunkey
excruciating video. thanks dunkey
I think this just shows how games journalists can't stop referencing dark souls
So uh, what’s the takeaway here?
Dunkey can say less than 20 words in a video and get his point across perfectly
Every game is just a slight variation to dark souls
Demand for new "Strand-Type" games has never been higher.
Thank you dunkey
Dark souls
Will we be able to tell when A.I. start making games?
Boy if I got a dollar for every time that they name dropped darksouls or  devil may cry, I’d have at least like 10 dollars
Dunkey has balls for watching this many shitty reviews to make this video
Every game nowadays is pretty much zelda, dark souls or chrono trigger
Wtf I’m so early
Climbing stamina = Zelda BOTW...What    Shadow of the collosus did that more than a decade ago lol
People think they want truly original media, but they really want interesting twists on things they already know.
I watched this video.
Urfghh dumky video :)))
The game of life is the dark souls of video games
Real life just takes inspiration from Breath of the Wild
This video combines the combat of Dark Souls with the graphics of Zelda and the story of Tetris
Dunkey is really a mix of Zelda and Dark Souls of youtubers
Gaming is dead we know. The golden age was the early 2000s.
TIL everything with a sword is a Zelda clone   Thanks donkeyy
Dark souls? You mean the first game ever?
I'm gonna be honest I've never watched any of these reviews
This video is nothing like I’ve ever seen before. It’s like if you combined the commentary and wit of the average Scott the Woz video and blended it with the originality seen on channels such as WatchMojo. Truly a masterpiece thatll go down in the history books.
there is nothing new under the sun
Bro, first person shooters are all melding into one game at this point. Most have same features and gameplay (hero playable characters, grapple hook, etc...)
Wow very original dunkaccino
*guy who has only ever seen Boss Baby:* Oh yeah Im getting Boss Baby vibes from this one
There are no genres no more, only similarities
So konami capcom and Nintendo should probably be the daddy's of video games
Nothing is new under the sun, everything borrows from something
This kena game is super fun tho.
This youtube video is a little like a video i saw from youtube
This video is like cr1tikals channel mixed with a hint of scott the woz's Im not an RPG Guy video
This is like a jontron rant but with a little bit of Nintendo direct
This video is an awful like that YouTuber Dunkey with a touch of VideogameDunkey
Dunkey's vids are basically a Gus Johnson skit mixed with Girlfriend Reviews, a little something for everyone
Dunkey doesn't even have to say anything for us to understand his pain. (Well except maybe that one thing)
An original comment
Every game has a little something from every other game. 9/10.
It’s all so original!
Lets just do what everyone else did but, BETTER
Dubkey didnt even need to talk to make this video entertaining lol
The game has darkness in it so it's kind of like dark souls
Nothing like Dunkey, who is clearly inspired by Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, and the growing pains given by League of Legends.
Bunkle
is el dunko done editing his own videos?
What's the game at 2:08 ?
what is this video supposed to be? a criticism of lack of originality in video games or a criticism of critics who nitpick? after a point, it's hard to come up with games that aren't similar to already existing games in some way
Little did they know all of these games took inspiration from Knack 2, which is inspired by Knack. Classic.
Yuo *
Bolts in ratchet and clank reminds me of knack
Now every new metroidvania is hollow knight
Life is the dark souls of video games
A'int no game as original as me BBY
Originality is a myth.
Super Mario Bros for the NES takes a lot of similarities from Death Stranding
Collectors Edition 2, if you know you just know
At least Death Stranding was the first Strand type game
Trash
That's why I love death stranding, it was the FIRST strand type game
Originality is almost extinct
That solarie on the thumbnail makes me tear up a little, idk why
Already calling it - elden ring will make you FEEL like you're playing Zelda breath of the wild with dark souls combat and level of brutality
Dunkey is like the Dark Souls of Video Game Reviewers
I hate copycats…baby not close even
It has a little something everyone can enjoy.
What does Deathloop have in common with Dark Souls??
My food just got here and Dumkey just uploaded, this too good to be true
I think this video took inspiration from Breath of the Wild
Knack is the only unique game ever made.
Hi dunkey
Does the game make you FEEL like Batman though...
This channel is a lot like videogamedunkey 2017 as well as videogamedunkey 2020.
This video is a lot like Nakey Jakey and Jermas videos
An yes, another one.
I thought he was gonna commentate any second but i guess its just a regular dunkey video
wait till this dude finds out that video games started as copying real life
you can put that in real life too. If i see a guy with that k-pop earring (a cross usually) in hes ear its like "dont worry, theres no originality in here". Usually comes with a generic tattoo together.
Bideo Gayms
I feel like at this point, so many concepts and fundamentals have been tweaked and subverted so much that it truly is impossible to be completely original. I think what really constitutes as "originality in gaming" is when developers find a formula that has its influences, but is unique enough to become its own thing, then constantly refining and experimenting that core to make something that, while not original, is special.
Big dunk
dunkey is like crowbcat if crowbcat uploaded
happy thursday
The games criticism scene has devolved into comparison to predecessors instead of reviewing a game on its own strengths. It’s at the point where people are calling metroidvanias Hollow Knight knockoffs when Hollow Knight is inspired by like 5 different games
At what point did all of you realize this was just the whole video and not the cold open to a little video essay of Dunk's
More like: Originality in game reviews.
Originality in gaming died 15 years ago.
Crowbcat has returned, WB bruh
I never thought Dunkey would go as far as to say Super Mario Brothers 2 was inspired by League of Legends.
Remember, everyone is a Dunkey clone. The entirety of the YouTube platform is just a knock off of Dunkey
But hey,it makes you feel like spiderman
Gaming journalists are a joke.
Congratulations, you discovered trends and genre's in an artistic medium. How nice for you.
Gaming
dunkey do pacman adeventures 2 now.
What game is Gex like?
“I have never ever in my life played a game like deathloop except… well except *lists everygame ever made*” man i love game critics 😂
IGN Describes Kena: Bridge of Spirits as "souls-like"
Dislike/unsub. I am now finished with my rant.
Bad video, not enough Mario mentioned
"its not that deep"
it makes you feel like spiderman
Haha willy
the "in Video Games" videos are the best
Man it would really suck if there was nudity or sexual content in this video and Dunkey didn’t know it. YT clearly knows what it’s talking about with them age-restricting the Kick loop video and are totally not just idiots
Guys... dunk.
persona 5 is innovative because you sleep at the end of the day
everymans gotta fight the fear
There is no way i can get more likes if i comment early.
I mean, commentators, just use your words holy hell.
I cant wait to see how the game journalists and reviewers react to this.
"Originality"
Originality in video games…..    That’s something I haven’t seen in *years*
Why can't games just be games?
I know these comments are unoriginal
"Like Zelda Franchise."
Here within 30 seconds
33 seconds
“This is like talking about originality in comment sections” -Gex
"I haven't seen something this original since Dunkey's comments" - Gex
Gex is alot like dark souls
Finley more like pukey
Says so much without saying a word 😂
Videogamedunkey is kind of like crowbarcat mixed with Scott the woz
Makes you feel like your playing a game you’ve played before
It has a little something for everyone. 9.1/10
Petition For Dunkey to make The sad Year Part 2 , cuz guys this year's been shit No Games Were Made Sadly!
I was waiting for Dunkey’s comment on this trend but *there was none* I am mildly conflicted
dunkai
Videogame media has become this basic and predictable
They wanna give same but different
Knack?
JESUS CHRIST RETURNS, REPENT OF SIN AND CHANGE YOUR WAY.... OF LIVING
Dunkey is the biggest IGN fan
dunkeys done making good videos :(
Dunkey, everyone knows that games haven't been original since Spanky's Quest on the Gameboy (2005)
This is beautiful like dunkey
banger journalist quotes
This video is like a pewdiepie video mixed with a George Clooney song.
Getting real boss baby vibes
Today we learned: Every video game is Zelda or Dark Souls
Zelda is the root of all life on Earth
You know it's bad when you use, other, better games, as an example to describe your new game 😂
Really makes you feel like a combination of knack and knack 2
Did you know- dark souls remastered actually COPIED dark souls remastered? Not many people know this
First.
Zelda is the first 'strand type' game
Duuuuuuunnnkkk
Dunkey always has a good video
It has a little bit of everything for everyone.
d ooonkay play Deltarune chapter 2
Ayy du key
It’s depressing that it’s so difficult for games to try and be their own thing now
Really thought you were gonna do a vid on the PlayStation showcase…..
Yee
I was expecting this to be an essay. This is much more appropriate.
Dunkey: Originality in Games Dunkey's comments section: Originality in Humor
Does this have nudity in it?
Fucking awesome video lmao
Another CLASSIC dunkey vid
Having frames of reference can be useful to give audiences an at-a-glance idea of what to expect, but it has the double-edged effect of oftentimes being reductive, and failing to explain what makes a game unique.
Fun fact: Donkey Kong Country: Tropical freeze was the 4th video game ever made, which is why you should review it. I mean come on! What video game has penguins? Far cry? Didn’t think so
ah yes, time to watch my favorite black youtuber videogamedunkey
this reminds me of the time Sky beat Dunkey in Smash
"Theres nothing like this game's combat" Proceeds to list games with combat like it
This video is wrong
Abit everything for everyone.
What inside joke will stem from this video
Theres nothing new under the sun
One part lazy writing, one part lazy writing.
Showed up with the notification and there's already fucking 150 comments
puggle
That's why we have Psychonauts 2
eyo got in early!
what do mean you’ve seen this before? its new!
It's about family.
Idk why people don't subscribe to donkey
Last time I was this early, they gave me a special discount!
Originality in internet comments.  This comment of "first" reminds me of that guy who first commented "first" on the internet.
hellooo dunky
Originality is gay
Ay
Hi dunkey :)
Talks about originality and is a channel literally claiming to be Dunkey. Wow
This Video is too SHORT!!
Based
It’s like a cosmic gumbo of Knack and Knack 2
This video is just like other videos on You Tube
Second
Ive never actually watched dunkeys video but ur nitpicking and biased i win, bye bye
Big yoshi
I wish I can go back in time and pre-order knack again
“It has a little something from everyone”
Was Just watching an old league video since I started playing recenty and I get this notification
I've seen this video millions of times already, so unoriginal
Love you dunk dunk
Nitpicking and bias I win bye bye
I very first
HEY
I’m looking for a game that’s the dark souls of games when it comes to originality
Last time I was this early
Who is the video game donkey?
Oooo yeah babyyyy !!! I’m first !
Notification Squad Hype!
Hehe Donkey fakes his video
hope this one isnt removed for nudity
Everybody is always making strand-type games nowadays, but no knack-type games. Really says a lot about society.
"This game is the darksouls of X"
Ah yes love these types of videos Dunkey! But then again I love all your videos. Curious
No point on being original if you still get paid copying everything else :/
Vid is unoriginal
Bonkey
Hi
hey guys :)
Who needs originality when you have Kanye
somehow i caught this video right as it was released. i feel lucky today
Everything is a rip-off of Java Snake.
If you are reading this you must have a good rest of your day.  That is all.  edit: yeah ok i'm glad im not the only one who is so done with the constant meaningless game comparisons.  Dark Souls comparisons are the worst, like how the hell is a 2d platforming button-mash game anything like Dark Souls other than being hard and having dodging/timing mechanics for example?
This truly is the dark souls of YouTube videos
32 sec
what is up dunkey nation
The first Dunko- type game
hey dunk
yo
"Games are as original as the comments on a dunkey video"  - Gex
Yo Dunk!
But Dunkey, who is video games?
Knack is back baby let’s gooo
You make a game
Why does Dunkey smell like cheese?
Wake up babe new dunkey video
I see Solaire, I click.
HI DUNKEYYYY
Nice to watch another Dunkey everytime I get off from school
If i dont see supah mario bros 2 im pissed and you are biased bye bye dislike.
Dunkey did it again another great video
Damn i never knew this stuff thx
thank you dunkey
Games are to corporate to be original these days
I give this video 5 bags of popcorn and copy of Knack 2 GOTY edition
I was sitting here depressed until you uploaded <3
Oh shoot it's a new dunkey video
Bruhhhh 😐😐😐
But does it make you feel like Batman?
Spaghetti 😎
Howdy Dunk!
Thank you dunkey, very cool!
Dunrk
Seen dark souls and Zelda and clicked immediately. 2 fav games ever.
this stems from the 20 fps games at xbox e3 2021
Bogos binted
Video Game Dookey
amongus
Hi
got to lay my name in the concrete before it settles
Dunkey black
Never clicked so fast, these type of Dunkey videos are the best
Woah
Basically nonexistent
when the sus
It really makes you feel like dark souls
Spaghetti and meatballs
Minions
This video better be good   Ok it was good
Pogg
THIRS
First
Ubisoft the video
New dunkey video gather around
Fist. I mean, first
Yo
Dunkey never disappoints
Babe wake up new dimben
souls like
Woah
30 second gang
AMONGUS!
Yooo
Omar
I'm too early
kaboom
First
Another future classic
Grazy
Dunk
Loved the video
Video game
first
lets go
Gamer moment
Dunky
Knack II babey!!!
Knack was original
Woooo
:)
bunkey
😢
The dunk delivers. Great vid but Knak 2 beats all.
Great vid dunkey
Dunkey, can you give me a hug?
makes you FEEEL like your playing a game!
First?
Love you dunky
Hi
Hi
Fax
I’m so early
Eyy
Ello
Dnukey
It doesn't exist
😎
Good video dunkey
Let's gooo
Hey
First?
Hi
its me
Yo
first
hi
Yeah
first
ah yes.
yooo
Hi
