THAT WAS DELIBERATE‼️ VAR IS THE OFFICIAL TOOL FOR MATCH FIXING. NO WAY THE FA IS LEAVING THE RESULTS 100% TO FACTS OF EVENTS. HOW THEN WOULD THE KINGPINS  MAKE  MONEY FROM BETTING ❓😂🤣😂😂😂😂
7:50 "Why is it chaotic? This is a game that is worth millions." Well she has answered it herself. Millions. One would like to have the opportunity to interpret the situation according to the financial needs.
Damn who is she. She made great pts too
Would have been different if it wasn’t Newcastle!  Sad jealousy!
Premier league is considered the best league in the world of foot ball but match officiating and officials is killing the league, How do you beat a child and refused him crying , last year Arsenal lost the league cup due to this reason and this year they have started again,VAR have been cheating the club what is Arsenal crime? let it be told,at least for amendment.I don't blame Arteta, considering last year he did keep silence and things kept repeating.
Only supporters of the fa and haters of arsenal fc would come out and say the goal should have stood. There's every reason the goal shouldn't have stood and Arteta is absolutely right about what he said after the game.  If the ball can't be determined it's gone out of play it means that it is closer to being out of play than in, so if it's ruled as being out it would be closer to being the right decision than wrong. Manchester united vs brighton the goal didn't stand because the ball was ruled being out of play by var and that ball appeared to be closer to the line than this one that wasn't ruled out of play. There was a push with 2 hands by joelington on the back of the neck of Gabriel which prevented him from heading the ball. There was offside as well but because of lack of knowledge from var they couldn't determine that, just to name a  few reasons 🤔
At this point I’m beginning to wonder if EPL has turned to Nigeria League 😂
Hahaha. London journo Lewis got the lip on as I predicted before watching this. This goal passed  nearly 5 mins of VAR checks, it also passed the panel checks 4 to 1, and the VAR audio has since been released and it’s ok with that too. Bias London Journalists for you eh?
This is english football.. Anything can happen.
Arteta was brilliant on how he took the pressure of his garbage team and deflected it to him.  All Arsenal needed was to score 2 goals.  Now the league has stopped game fixing and everybody is treated the same there is outcry from the cartel.  On the day Newcastle won because they were better end of story.  The results of that and Liv v Spurs would be the same with or without VAR.
🚨UPDATE: The decision to award Newcastle United's winning goal against Arsenal was *correct* according to the *Premier League's Key Match Incidents* panel ✅ 09/11/23
We now know how ME money has penetrated EPL refereeing. How can there be no camera or evidence in a modern stadium on the line? Evidence deleted obviously
Match fixing.. Stop watching football rn
Crazy that they can’t tell if the ball is in play or if Gordon is offside but it’s all irrelevant as there’s a clear foul and a handball by Joelinton. The biggest farce in this game was that Bruno didn’t receive a straight red for violent conduct in the first half. Officiating in this game was horrific from start to finish.
It’s time that a BILLION dollar league upgrade their technology so that they can be DEFINITIVE in their decisions and cameras, auto technology. Come on EPL. This affects all teams!!!!! Agree with the male pundit. And there should be specialized VAR officials overseen by a competent impartial group because they’re inconsistent because they’re changing so much.
I will admit this is the most intelligent, balanced debate on this issue......
Yes the goal was right to be awarded....cause it was correct!!!!arsenal should have scored twice to win the match......
OK, VAR can't conclusively provide evidence on whether 3 separate events that were occurred. That's already bad enough. But what about that handball check that never was? From within the left inside goal angle it was clear to see that the ball slid off Joelington's left arm before Gordon kicked it in. So there are in fact 4 issues with this goal against 30 cameras in the place, and Attwell isn't even bothered to go check the monitors for himself? Arteta is absolutely within his rights to call this blunder out.
Little conspiracy maybe they keep getting these big checks wrong on purpose so when they get little ones wrong and r clearly biased to one team it doesn’t get bought up
Modern Football. The more technology they use, the greater 'error' they made. 🤫
What is VAR? guys sober up!!
Fraud...fraud...fraud
4 var checks its a complete joke var are rigging games or just dont have to control. Var is a joke 😂😂😂😂 look at Brighton vs Manchester united they disallowed that goal its the same in my this sport is becoming a joke.
They are betting on games and fixing games in my eyes just my opinion.
Lmfao talk about it after not during this sport is an absolute joke and im starting to fall out of love with the game.
1livapool de pundits dem a 2side cutlass dutty mind and tief
Best constructive discussion I've watched so far regarding this controversy.
VAR destroyed football
Fans are just as sick of the clear corruption in Football and the referees marking their own homework like a tight community- it’s pathetic
You guys are awesome! Thank you
What Nonsense. If this has been the other way round this would have just been a side note.
What a boring pundit.
Who is the gentleman with the glasses? He sounds very sensible.
Every time I hear this fella speak I dislike him more and more.
Tbh i think the ball was still in play
Why not make goal line technology work outside of the posts too ? Surely they can do that.
Darren your the best analyst of all time!! Mellisa wow I love keep it up!!!
Thanks madam! Let's get a goal!line lines man!! Simple as that!!! EPL is being put to test as the best league in the word!!!
I'm a Mackem and I don't understand the argument. It was obviously in.
Awarded a goal? You mean the Ref and VAR team gave them a goal? Lol
I thought Arteta said errors happen all the time and managers should suck it up and move on? Hypocrite.
Sky sports is a mess please go back and watch the context of Mikel’s press conference on the 6th of October
Epl full of corruption
This what happened it's a joke  They don't know how to use VAR🤣 Wake up people  No goal for New castles 😡🔥😡
OIL MONEY BOUGHT THESE REFREE
yes debate over
newcastle players booked for complaining so arteta should definitely be sanctioned. those are the rules so he should be a grown man and explain himself more calmly. and he would not even explain why it wasnt a goal - he would not commit
Anybody else find it funny that it's the Saudi owned teams that seem to benefit the most
A potential 3 points for Arsenal? Am i missing something? Arsenal did not score.
Double standards coming out again. Book the players because they know the rules. But don’t hold Arteta responsible for the statement he made. He also knows the rules and what he can or can’t say therefore he is just as guilty as a player on the field!
Anyone else hear the terrible background noise?  Super unprofessional of those working there.
That is funny how incompetent  journalists (by definition most incompetent professional s among all other professionals) criticise others incompetency
Do we check referees betting accounts
In descent dressing from the female analyst
Not about being awarded a goal. The onfield decision was the goal stood. So question is, should goal have stood? Clear answer is yes. You cant prove the onfield decision was wrong. So goal should stand. If the onfield decision was to disallow goal, then VAR would have ruled the other way.
2 things I question about the Premier League: 1. Fining or sanctioning Managers from speaking the truth or having an opinion about a decision made by a referee?   2. Refs have the tech that determines if a the ball has gone over the line and hence award a goal. Why not have the same tech that shows if the ball has gone out of play?🤷  PL makes tons of money every season: invest in more cameras for VAR and ball out of field tech.
Shame to the premier league
Imagine a judge giving a judgement and is not much sure and convinced on evidence and go ahead and give a death sentence, that is what the referees and the var officials did.  It's either the person is incompetent or deliberately want to cheat the victim
If you're honestly getting upset about the ball being 0.5mm out of play (by the way, please prove that it was) then you're missing the point. 0.5mm out or 0.5mm in is hardly the issue is it. It's how Arsenal didn't defend the cross. They didn't play to the whistle, and the alleged issue would have conferred anything of an advantage to Newcastle had Arsenal defended properly. Instead, they stuck their hands in the air as they always do, failed to meet willock, flapped at the cross and fell over when joelinton approached the net. I'd understand if say, there was a foul on an Arsenal player that led to a 2 v 1 for newcastle who then scored from it. But this is nothing like that. Stop using it to absolve your defenders of a poor defensive play.
Take VAR away again and see how good the decisions are.   VAR isn’t there to ref a game, it’s badly implemented in the EPL.   I’m more concerned about the referees and lack of consistency. Should have been two reds yesterday, and at least a second booking for Havertz as well.
where was this outrage when wolves were robbed in the first game? or newcastle when they played palace and had a goal disallowed for willock being pushed over?
"DEBATE" Not a debate just telling one side of the story.
Total disgrace and incompetency..... people are too comfortable who are supposed to be make decisions......not the first team this disgrace thing has happened......apologies don't change anhthing....deteriorating the good old game.....complete waste of money.....
That Man Utd & Brighton disallowed goals, ARS v NEW goal, Liverpool goal, Man Utd disallowed goal, we are tired to be paying subscriptions , buying tickets to watch mediocrity officiating.
VAR must be to get to the right decision, not correcting "clear and obvious" errors. The latter will happen coincidentally if the aim is to always get to the right decision.  This rubbish about "not wanting to re-referee the game" must be a secondary outcome if PL wants to get to the right decision every time
See per the picture of the ball and the line, sorry to say even a person with a little eye issue could see the ball separate from the line and someone who is paid and trusted to officiate with all technology could not see it then what do you want Arteta or any other football fan who wants fairness in it
I was rooting for Newcastle (not a supporter, just live in the Toon).  It's not a goal for me.  VAR is a waste of space. Get rid of it.
Perfectly good goal.
Arteta is very right how can you called premier league the best league in the world yet such rubbish keep happening what a nonsense if you people are tired of the league why don’t you close the league and let other league move on shame to England as a nation
VAR has no problem, it's the officials controlling it who are corrupt, at times they even don't go to VAR if it's obvious it will contradict decisions already made by them, some times they draw off side line on different player. So, premier league should stop being corrupt, that same VAR on Arsenal would have ruled out the goal for either out of play, foul or offside but the officials chose to let it stand
All football fans want a transparent process and the objective decisions like out of bounds to be correct. Liverpool lost its support when they started making veiled threats and demanding a replay. clearly there needs to be some organizational of process changes but there is no evidence that  the refs missed these calls many of them appear correct on the lead up to the goal and the benefit of doubt should always go to the attacker when there is uncertainty.
The ref in the game has the opportunity to determine in real time if he thinks there was a foul. he didn't call one so there needs to be a demonstration that there was a clear and obvious error, which there wasn't gabriel is soft and goes down easily after mistiming his clearance. on the other decision the was a lack of certainty so the benefit of the doubt went with the attacker which is better for the game in in spirit with the prior rules for offsides in the past. The goal should stand but we need consistency in the rules going forward but this is just salty Arsenal fans complaining.
The match was fixed
How many times has arsenal gotten away with VAR errors that gives them a positive result. I didn’t see them screaming it’s wrong and they need to be changes. They only crying cos upset they lost. Sad losers!
Cry Arteta cry. His tears are like the nectar of the football gods. 😂😂😂😂
I can tell this guy has never played football before just a talker of the game
There will always be inconclusive data. In those instances, you go with the original decision on the pitch. Linesman says ball stayed in, ref said it wasn’t a foul, and linesman didn’t see an offside. It’s absurd how much criticism the officials are getting for this particular goal.  Also, please, please can people educate themselves on how perspective works. Seeing green between the ball and the line does not mean the ball isn’t overhanging the line!
andy madley? the recent saudi vs korea referee? why am I not surprised...
No need for camera angles, lines on pitch show not out and not offside, "push" subjective
Out of bounds?? Understandable not to give it. Offsides??? Again not conclusive. Foul??? Yes. Anywhere on the field is a yes. 2 hands on the back?? Always a yes. Foul. No goal.
The biggest league in the world. The league that makes the most amounts of money in the world can't afford cameras that can give definite angles. Disgrace!!
Howard Webb is their leader...says all you need to know....VAR SHOULD have NEVER been brought to the game😂
I do now believe we need to get rid of VAR. It is ruining the sport. EVERY goal scored, you’re now holding your breath that someone hasn’t committed an unseen challenge (that looks like a foul on a still image) 2 minutes prior.  It’s got to a stage, for me, where I’d rather lose the occasional game to an offside goal that isn’t disallowed, than continue with this system. The life within this sport is dwindling as a result of it.
What they have to do is not focus on the referees, but focus on the game.  It shouldn't matter what the referee decided on his original decision.  VAR should not award a goal or a penalty or a red card, unless there is conclusive evidence of a goal, a penalty, or a red card.  Why are the feelings of the referee the most important thing?  Why write the rules as if the referees are more infallible than the technology?  This is absolutely nuts.  Goals, penalties and red cards should not be given unless there is conclusive evidence of a goal, a penalty or a red card, because they are so important.  It is a very easy change; why not make it?  The default should always be a negative rather than a positive.  If nothing else because it stops people from cheating.
The guy is talking rubbish. Doesn’t understand basic geometry - Bein provided an image showing the edge of the hall on the line.   Talks about Newcastle being beneficiaries of decisions - Havertz should have had a straight red. Instead he ends up with a yellow and THREE of our players booked 😂  The bias by that guy is quite remarkable. Not to be trusted
its a goal the ball is round from side it looked it went out but remember again the ball is round look from the above the round actually didnt cross the line admit it! its a goal. only Liverpool were robbed against the Tottenham by the VAR
Let's be honest here. It's not like the decision cost them 3 points. They lost a point from the decision. It was an error in my opinion, mostly from the push in the back. But yeah not like they dropped that many points so the issue is being blown way out of proportion imo.
VAR has always been crap.Scrap it😮
yous are boring later toon toon black n white army get over it newcastle are coming
Strange newcastle and city haven't been hindered by ridiculous var decisions.
The goal was fine, if not a close call. The only thing embarrassing has been the response of Arteta and a few vocal fans. Imagine if that was the other way around and it had been disallowed. We'd never hear the end of it....
Never mind about the goal, who's the absolute babe in the middle.....WOW!!!!
Biggest sport in the world with this level of negligence screams only one thing. No smoke without fire.
It wasnt out (proven) it wasnt a foul or certainly not a clear and obvious error and its not even close to offside, i have no idea what the debate is about. Arsenal got batteted and are absolute cry babies as always.
NGL - the VAR did their job here. They did not have concrete evidence to disallow the goal. Arsenal can feel hard done to, but the outrage is completely hypocritical.   Where was the support for Liverpool a few weeks back? Arteta specifically sided with PGMOL on that one, despite it being proven as a mistake. He's becoming a fanatical manager, with no respect for the game.  I don't think VAR is the problem, it's the referee's and rules. There are so many loopholes, and so little common sense when they set them. The Refs are all looking after each other, rather than officiating the game. It's so bad, it looks corrupt. Howard Webb needs to go as chief and the FA need to look at other options for officiating until the PGMOL improve their standards. Every weekend the Refs are talked about more than game.
This is the most level headed review of the issues I have heard. Can we replace the football refs with rugby refs and allow them to look at the rules, especially around questioning the on field officials by players? I think calling for a fellow players to be booked should be an instant red card personally, let the referee run the game without this pressure.
Howard Webb has proved beyond all doubt that he is unqualified as a manager to solve anything. It's all reactive and absolutely NO proactive
I believe it's not fair for a coach to fined for saying the truth.  Do they fined the refs for allntheir terrible mistakes no they don't so why fined coaches or players. I don't think it's fiar or right. These teams spend billions and all they got is terrible officials smdh. This is not good enough
So when is Arteta getting a Ban and fine like Klopp does everyweek for saying these things
Debate whether it was in or offside...But there is no debate that Newcastle should have been on 10 Men and that Gabriel was fouled. Anyone saying otherwise is blind or a Geordie
The same thing he said was what mourinho said and was penalised the difference was that he did not face the man in the parking lot and no fan went crazy on the referee .
So the ref was right to book players for complaining about a decision - but you agree that he got the decision wrong - so it was right for Newcastle players to be punished even though the ref had made a mistake..   Then by the same logic why should Arteta be able to say what he wants without punishment?  Surely the same theory applies ?
Everything is inconclusive, thats the point, the on field decision couldn't be overturned.
La Liga comes first and is the mainstream
It's embarrassing to see so many mistakes even with VAR. Put former players behind the VAR instead of these stupid refrees. The VAR was implemented because of refrees mistakes. Why put them behind the VAR?
EPL in shambles. So much for being the best league in the world
THE BRITISH REFS ARE AWFUL thats the issue with VAR. The irony of the british PL being the best in the world because of all the foreign managers/players but the british refs quality are ruining it
Is this bloke an Arsenal fan?
Perfectly good goal
The fact a journalist compares football to cricket and tennis in regards to decisions shows his absolute lack of understanding of football. Football will never be cut and dry and what's making football a fortune
Hockey cameras can find a little black disc hidden underneath a pile of bodies equipment sticks helmets yoy name it.  Football? Aerial view with green between the white line and yellow ball, not conclusive.
'I don't think the goal should have stood' but can't say exactly why with any evidence based arguments
Fair play to the arsenal fan who on talk sport this morning didn't moan about var or the ref he quite simply said his team woz good enough
The fact to have a debate on a system that was designed to remove all debate proves what crap VAR is. The decisions are made by humans that the system was made to eliminate!
Arse-nal played dirty football Havertz was deliberately out to injure players and that riled Newcastle and the fans up and took over the game and stopped arsenal to only having one shot all game..  Havertz is a dirty rat why aren't sky or media talking about him oh yeah its a so called top 6 team
Hang on a minute, did they not use the technology to see if the ball crossed the line when John Stone cleared the ball off the line against Liverpool in 2018/19 season?
Bein ports proved the ball was in play so its shocking bein have the technology and sky sports don't
Cricket has time on its hands, and requirement for 2 fixed cameras to measure the path of the ball.  Rugby has very strict and detailed rules that make it easier to determine truth... they don't use VAR for scrums, and they have been an absolute mess for nearly 20 years.  Football is unfortunately more dynamic, we can't have a camera for every possible position of the ball.
There is no fixing this once and for all. People moan about having VAR, other people want more technology as VAR isn't always conclusive. I see it like this, VAR gets more right than wrong and is there to assist where it can, even tech has its limits, usually because interpretation is judged by people. Before VAR some decisions were wrong and we got on with it. With VAR people get more detail to view things but still people disagree what what they see. They should improve tech for offside like automated VAR, they should improve tech for balls over lines, like in tennis, they should improve the people processes when VAR is used avoiding situations like the liverpool goal against spurs. In the end, there will always be wrong decisions or at least disagreements over decisions, therefore people moaning it isnt good enough will prob never go away. Where tech is used, there will still always be some limitations. They can try minimise but you will still always win some and lose some. COYS. I always enjoy watching Arteta crying though 😂
Duh...! This is 3 different reasons why a goal should not stand. Red card situations that are so glaring. No one can tell me there is no Agenda against Arsenal here. This is more than embarrassing it just goes to show that the league is overrated.
A grown man can say that... "i'm embarrassed for the Premier League" is MUCH more offensive.  The clear point here is that this was a difficult goal to allow or disallow.  If it had been disallowed, the other half would be screaming about VAR.  If VAR had not been in place, we still don't know if the goal would have been given or not.
Arsenal  didn’t score anyways so there was no 3 points lost
VAR in all sports encourage perfect and technical decisions. No room for human judgement. This encourages simplifying rules and removing all human judgement. For instance, did it touch a hand in the box - penalty. This is technically correct on all counts, but other contextual aspects and judgement cannot be technically resolved. It works well for offside but other decisions you have to bring in other "technical criteria" that will slow down the game and action. (For instance some "distance" threshold for a handball to be deliberate etc etc etc). It can also ironically lead to technically correct - but "wrong" decisions (wrong in terms of it being soft / lucky - think again if player had any intention / ability to avoid a handball). We just had a rugby world cup where the main complaint from NZ fans was that the video referee intervened too much...Again, you can either have (i) VAR with the consequence of all decisions being open to technical scrutiny (VAR initiated / post-game criticism / "challenge system);  (ii) no VAR and accept officials will make mistakes / interpret situations differently; (iii) have some hybrid system that will still have "mistakes" either technically or based on interpretation of the context. I fear in the current world, with TV coverage, social media, money in sports, the emphasis will be more and more on technology and "technical" officiating that will "dumb-down" sports like rugby, increase VAR replays / intervention (more stoppages) and take out all of the drama in sports in order to have 100% correct outcomes...How long before umpire's call in cricket and "reason to overturn on-field decision" in rugby/football become unacceptable standards because it cost someone a game - we moving in that direction because nobody can accept a disputed / unclear decision anymore, nevermind a mistake...
Up the toon ⚽️⚽️⚽️⚽️
Rugby isn't a good example imo. There will be serious changes after the decision making in the World Cup. Not many teams/coaches were happy with the whole "Bunker" thing. Cricket and Tennis are far better examples of how to do video assistance right.
1. Havertz is a red card if he is sent off none of the 3 nufc players get booked.   2. Bruno is a red card but that prob doesn't happen if Havertz is sent off.   3. The ball is in.  4.Gordons onside   5. Joelinton's foul is 50/50 imo. Gabriel initially back it to him which Joe then pushed him and Gabriel dives to the floor, if he doesn't dive the foul is given.   HWTL
Only way to fix this is just to scrap it as she said there arnt even cameras to assist the referee so why have it in the first place
Arteta should make sure his U18s are going to the right pitch first before stetching his mental capacity with the finer details of the game
Echo my comments from 5 weeks ago… no one stood up to take pgmol to task and criticise Liv, including Arteta so now more and more clubs, except Man C, will pay for it. I have no sympathy for Arteta cause he defended pgmol 5 weeks ago so now it’s Hara Kiri!!!
Its just cheating at this point...  No Jesus penalty against Chelsea... No card for palmer...   No Red card against City  No Red card against Bruno...  And a cheating goal...
Melissa is amazing and so so accurate…. Omg. Brains, amazing articulation and looks…..
What about that Joelington touched the ball whilst pushing Gabriel with his arm?
I'm sick of this "Arteta did not care about Liverpool when it happened to them" narrative. Let's see what Mikel actually said after the Spurs - Liverpool game:  Asked for his thoughts on VAR after what happened at the weekend, Arteta said: ‘We had some big discussions before the start of the season and everyone had the right intentions to improve the game and find the best way to take it forward.  ‘But it’s true that with everything that already happened this season, not just in the Premier League but in other countries as well, the pressure is increasing.  ‘It’s not easy for them. It’s not easy for any club or any manager because that really affects part of the season or a result and that is a dangerous thing to do.’  Asked if he has sympathy for Liverpool, Arteta replied: ‘For sure, you know at the end you want to get what you deserve.  ‘You want to minimise errors that you cannot control away from the work and the job that you do on a daily basis.  ‘Everybody is trying to have a really clean and honest game but in the end you have to earn the right to win it and play in the conditions that the rules allow. When that doesn’t happen it’s extremely frustrating.’
It doesn’t matter who is or isn’t happy about that goal being awarded against them. The bottom line is they couldn’t conclusively rule the goal IN or OUT. It’s equally not fair to strip the goal from the team who scored vs the team who conceded. If VAR didn’t exist that goal still stood as none of the officials on the pitch ruled it out. Var didn’t have evidence to prove either way so they allowed the on-field decision to stand.
Clive, by the same token, if you believe those 3 pathetic yellows against Newcastle players were correct then, ALL those Arsenal players whinging around Atwell should've seen yellows!
VAR needs urgent investigation otherwise we are losing it.
Why does this only get so much airtime when it's a "Top 7" club.   All this nonsense about affecting who wins the league - it also affects who get's relegated and who makes it into the Europeans cups. Yet Sky don't pipe up at all when that it happens to them, and even more so when it happens in favour of their favourites.  Boring.
Before var came in that goal would have stood because ref nor linesman gave anything the only thing that could have cancelled that goal was the ball being out there was no foul and no one was offside arsenal fans just need to stfu created nothing all game against a back 4 which included Dan burn and Jamal lascelles 😂🙈
Darren darren, WTF ya on about, your quote "erm i don't think the goal should of stood, cards on the table"! Lol ok, Of the "3" var checks, not 1 was clear and obvious, in fact, the only thing you got correct was kai havertz should of walked. The ref was out of his league on Saturday, he panicked, he shot out yellow cards allover the place. Remember these words, CLEAR AND OBVIOUS!
It's absolutely ridiculous to sit half naked in live tv Station 😅
All the other sport var works except shady fifa huh ??? Laughter at 11.58 is inappropriate the issue is more important than life and death 🥸
Rugby is also succumbing to people not happy about things not going their way... it has nothing to do with camera angles or even referee decisions, people can't handle bad news...
What gives Darren Lewis the confidence to say the ball was out? It’s obviously too close to call so logically he has a bias in favour of Arsenal.
VAR is crap. Smells fishy. Easiest way to make dirty money
As an arsenal fan, im disgusted with var but more importantly, im ashamed of how poor and inconsistent our club is. Our fans are toxic and deluded. Maybe one day when football is no longer watched or cared about. Maybe just then will we win anything major. In the meantime were as valued as Sheffied Wed.
Arteta should be banned and made an example out of.   VAR did it’s job regardless of his opinions. VAR is not there to rule out every goal , it’s there to help avoid major mistakes on the field . In this instance there’s no conclusive evidence to suggest the goal be disallowed - what’s the problem.   He needs to be fined and made an example of or managers like arteta will do this every week
On the Gabriel shove… I understand why the ref didn’t give it, Gabriel was trying to flick the ball behind him instead of jumping up and heading it back to where it came from, this means for a low ball like that he had to get himself low than the ball flight, which then means it’s difficult to outright say it’s a shove against someone jumping upright… hence for VAR, they can’t call that an error as it’s a judgement call and the on field decision should stand
Why are we being forced to listen to women talking about a mens football game ffs
The goal standing is fine. The shocking refereeing throughout the game is the actual issue.
😂 I’m glad it wasn’t Man Utd - we would have been pounded if we made similar remarks and comments 😂 😂 😂 let these other Mickey Mouse discussions take place now they know 😂 😂 😂
Yes. Were the correct MULTIPLE EXTENSIVE checks made & appropriate laws & amendments applied to the available footage before awarding the goal?   That's a resounding YES as well.  Stop crying Arsenal.....Arteta is just trying to deflect the blame away from the lame way he had his team approach this game
CRYBABIES 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 who use THE SUN newspaper as their source of information 💀💀💀💀💀💀
The goal was good to my eye. Ball in play, never a foul on Gabriel and Gordon was onside. It would have been a travesty if it was disallowed.
Well said, the manager is charged for speaking truth
Saudi money bought English football at the root along with the arbiters. WAR and corrupt officials
Wasn't enough evidence....so goal for me....not a Newcastle fan either...every club benefits and suffers from var decisions so just get on with it.
You cannot rule out a goal as the ball MIGHT have gone out. Joelinton MIGHT have pushed, Gordon MIGHT have been offside. You cannot over rule the decision of the ref on MIGHTS!
There will never be enough camera angles for everything unless we do 3D technology like in the World Cup. Football is not about millimeter offside, strikers cannot gain any unfair advantage from that. If VAR take more 30 secs and cannot decide if it is offside or not, then stick with referee decision. Who cares if his toenails are in front of a defender?
If the boot was on the other foot and Arsenal had have scored the exact same goal and won 1-0 honsestly would we have as much media coverage? Give it a break. Too much focus on the team when the focus should be the decision (which I agreed with as per the lack of evidence), and the lack of definitive camera angles. This very much feels like an attack on Newcastle when we had nothing to do with  it. We played to the whistle as you should and left it to the officials. As for Arteta, I do agree, the officiating is a disgrace and embarrassing, however, it's not his place to say. His job ultimately is to pick a winning team and ensure they have all the tactical instructions to deliver his vision. Fact is, they simply weren't good enough on the night. And there were bad decisions against both teams, so a fairly equal game really. Sore losers. Suck it up
Every other fanbase will laugh at Arsenal for being 'salty' but it will come around, I'm a gambler and I can't begin to recount how many bets I have been denied due to ref ineptitude, it's bordering on corruption, no way ref just gave that goal for free I'm, someone is getting paid💯
Атвелла нельзя допускать судить матчи Арсенала, в 2021 году он уже засудил Арсенал
As a Man Utd fan I'm glad other clubs are feeling it too,we get this every game
Newcastle ‘tough on racism’    Also Newcastle ‘taking Saudi money’
You need to ask why an official who is employed by the Saudi Pro League in his 'spare time' is then allowed to officiate a match involving a club owned by the Saudis.  This really stinks.
As a Newcastle fan, the modern game is seriously lacking in the technology required to police it properly.  The clock management also needs to be changed to count down to zero for each half and it stops when the ball is not in play.  This removes the ambiguity of how much time is added.
1. The ball was in 2. It wasnt a foul 3. Gordon was behind the ball being played so was onside Where is the incorrect decision?
VAR officials are definitely cashing out from betting companies 😂😂😂😂😂
Howard Webb effect. He will make sure that Manchester United will take the league
Shame on Premier League referees 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
'Big 6' clubs get decision after decision. Then as soon as they get one which doesn't go their way, they're making club statements and writing letters.  I'm a Wolves fan. We've already had 4 VAR howlers - all far far worse than this - which likely cost us 6 points. If this carries on all season we'll end up down 22-23 points, and probably relegated. Still not releasing club statements though
Arsenal didnt cinceed because the ball was a cm left or right, they failed to clear, raya was all over the place and the didnt close down. The controversy will paper over the cracks in Artetas tactics in recent games and thats why hes reacting so badly. Its quite clever what hes doing, get all the fans outraged at VAR to take the attention away from him and the team.
Lets see if they do a ref watch on this scandal, bet they don’t, or if they do it will come out next season
Was VAR not brought in because of these 'inconclusive ' points in the game???
Goal stands. Arteta should be taking the blame for fixing what wasn't broken with his GK setup.
What the hell is sky freezing the image god damn cheap as hell 😂
VAR is just a tool for them to fix matches. I bet if our owner was the psychotic murderer with unlimited money the decision would have gone our way.
Bruno Guimaraes was reckless all over the pitch and for some reason escaped a sending off with a late yellow. Kovacic did the same a few weeks ago vs Arsenal and somehow got by. Now we can wait and see how Newcastle deal with a VAR scenario that affects their loss.
00:04 Controversial VAR decision in the Newcastle vs Arsenal match.  02:14 The VAR couldn't find a conclusive camera angle to make a clear offside decision.  04:17 The Newcastle vs Arsenal VAR goal should not have stood.  06:31 Poor communication and mistrust in the VAR process are major issues in football.  09:00 Liverpool calls for improvement in referee processes and transparency.  11:20 The debate regarding Newcastle vs Arsenal VAR decision continues.  13:26 The VAR decision regarding Newcastle's goal is inconclusive  15:30 VAR controversies continue with Newcastle vs Arsenal match  17:35 Controversial VAR decision in Newcastle vs Arsenal match
What’s the “debate” about?? The ball was out the whole ball was over the line end of!!!
I like Arteta. Football misses coaches like Mourinho. Fully outspoken because being a manager of a team with so much at stake is not easy...
Dry your eyes arsenal
This guy loves his “air quotes” 😂😂. If it’s ok to book Newcastle players for complaining about Havertz tackle then you should be calling for half the Arsenal team to be booked for surrounding the ref after the goal, I am guessing with you total Arsenal bias you won’t. The refereeing was horrendous for both teams, he totally lost control of the game. How often over the years have Arsenal benefited from spurious refereeing decisions? I bet it’s quite a few. There will always be the odd occasion where mistakes are made we should accept that refs are human, try and cut out the mistakes and move on. The mark of a person is how they deal with adversity and for me Arteta, the Arsenal supporting media are not showing themselves in a good light………but like Arteta that is only my opinion (not the truth as this guy says).
Stopped watching at Saliba 😂. This guy has no idea what he’s talking about 1:41
EPL referees are  clueless.   If the ball is not considered as “OUT” then why should there be lines drawn to design a designate place called FOOTBALL FIELD?! Then u might as well dribbles behind goal post n score from behind t post n also considered it as a goal too.  If tough pushing with both hands not considered as Foul then think EPL can start rugby session already and we don't need  a referee on the field too. Remember it can happen to any other teams this referee and var nonsense in the game is to much😢😮
Why are we all jumping up and down? If we did not have VAR goal would have stood. In good old days of football what made it the game we love, which included the talking points of referee decisions then, linesman not say ball gone out of play, referee not say a foul and linesman not flag offside. In this case VAR could not overrule any of these decisions. We all hate VAR. When it is clear and images available and it gets it right ok! When it can't, ok! It goes back to old school. Yes if we keep it then the tech must improve, but this goal being given was not necessarily a bad decision. Comes down to opinion of refereeing team, and then pundits and us fans. AGAIN the good old days that made football great and as popular as it is today!
Have a look at the tech on bein sports wich tells everyone the ball wasn’t out of play. Never offside. And it certainly wasn’t a foul. No wonder you work for sky news. Call your self a sports pundit.
Newcastle players crowd referee- 3 booked , I agree Arsenal players crowd referee- 0 booked, why no discussion, the usual sky treatment of Newcastle
Arteta, who looks more and more like Tony Montana at the end of scarface, needs to calm down instead of acting constantly like a clown. What the neutrals like myself saw was some very biased refereeing in favor of Arsenal throughout the match, and var scrambling around to desperately try to find a reason to disallow the goal.
Just scrap var. stop sky showing continue replays and accept what the refs say right or wrong. But it’s good to see you’re not reviewing the havertz tackle that should have been red. Then the Bruno forearm wouldn’t have happened. Also arteta is trying to take the attention away from Arsenal one shot on target in 90 mins. They were rubbish and he can’t admit that.
Apparently we've now reached the point in football where 3 clueless pundits, with no understanding of the Laws of The Game, have decided that the onfield referee's decision should be overruled anyway, despite there being no clear evidence that it was incorrect.  I'm taking a wild guess that if the goal had been disallowed, despite there being no clear evidence that the ball was out / there was a foul / that Gordon was offside (he wasn't BTW), they'd have  been perfectly happy. And these clowns think referees are the problem.
Ask Arteta what he said last month 😂 hes such a sore loser. Little old Newcastle slapped you silly. You should have scored your 1 shot on target in 98 minuts shouldnt you 😢😢😢  Darren hates Newcastle and loves Arsenal hes obviously gonna talk BS about the goal 😂
You could argue that Arsenal should have had a player sent off. At the of the day VAR couldn’t find enough evidence to rule the goal out and the ref had given it so there’s no argument only sour grapes. Arsenal were unable to score against Ncle so ultimately they dropped a point when the goal was given. If they’d had a player sent off as they rightly should have it could have been a lot worse for them. It’s all about opinions and that doesn’t make your opinion correct it’s just your opinion.
So massively over the top this and Arteta and so biased towards Arsenal.  3 points dropped....what? ahahah
Every person I've seen claim the goal shouldn't have stood uses words like "I think, I believe, there may be a handball, in my opinion", all subjective statements. Not one of them says you can clearly see from this sequence, or this angle clearly shows... There was no definitive evidence to disallow any aspect of that goal, therefore you have to go with the on field decisions made during that sequence. I.e. ball stayed in, there was no clear push and no offside.
3 points that potentially loses them the title?   Arsenal as aggrieved as they can be did nothing really to win the game.  At best they’ve lost a point.
Yes the goal may not have stood but costing Arsenal 3 points? Give over the had 1 shot on target the whole game. Arteta is deflecting from himself again! Cry baby
Epl Referees are the problem not the VAR
if VAR could not detect all ths where the hell are they getting this pics from?
Arteta the Bedwetter totally embarrassed himself and the club.
Why man city got no var problems
Even Helen Keller could have been a better VAR official than the one this game.
wrong on #1--ball was in; #2--foul 50/50; #3-- offside inconclusive. how is this no goal? the rest of it is long term change/upgradation, none of it impinges on the incident per se.
Enough!! Bring on the Super league.
Arsenal sky-sport journalists with their biased opinion. I don’t think the judgement was incorrect by an stretch of imaginations. The ball was not completely out, secondly the push was not sufficient to be given as a foul soccer is a contact sport and the said defender choose to dive instead of defending.. on the offside call I don’t think it was an offside.. in my view the goal legitimately given in all fairness to the attacking team. If tables were turned media would have been silent.. ARSENAL MEDIA HYPOCRISY!!!
Why the Prem turned down the offside technology from the WC I'll never know
3 Arsenal fans in that room 🙄🤣
It was a goal simple, ball wasn’t all the way out, it definitely wasn’t offside, an that ain’t a foul it’s contact sport simple just move on ffs
Reffs got it wrong there's no debate.
Gonna play devils advocate here -  In field decision was 'ball did not go out'. Now it's up to VAR to decipher if the ball went out or not, they couldn't say it did so ball is in. End of.  Joelinton - he is well within his right to go for the ball even from behind, i could say he jumped first and put his hands up to protect himself.   Their talking about if Arsenal lose title by less than 3 points its VARs fault. No. What if the goal was disallowed and Newcastle lost title by under 2 points or finishing 5th by 1 point.   Another issue was red cards, I was delighted no reds were given for the incidents that happened and poor Arteta is just venting, don't fine him.
The ball was in it has been proven, there was no foul as Gabriel was playing for the foul and it wasn't offside, deal with it! Here's a question - What if the shoe was on the other foot and it was Arsenal who was awarded the goal? It would be a different story, Eddie Howe wouldn't have cried and spat his dummy out!
All the review were correct and the goal should have stand.
Lots of terrible takes here. There is always a chance that cameras aren't in the perfect positions. The ball wasn't out of play. The push was very 50/50. The offside was close but not conclusively wrong. This doesn't merit this level of outrage (unlike Liverpool vs Spurs).
The referee’s decision on the pitch was that it was a goal, VAR just took their time and found the three checks. These experts question offside when the players are level and the rules state it’s a goal. The goal was scored and no reason was found to disallow it. This is about Arteta complaining to cause the controversy as Klopp does. Great match spoilt by experts. VAR is proving to be just something else for endless and mostly pointless discussion.
We should have a conversation about sky sports presenter Izzy or Lizzie saying Bruno elbow to  Kai Havertz head was okay
When the var ,is taking so long ,It should be down to the ref ,to ask why is it taking so long ,also he should also make the decision to go and view it on the monitor,because the final decision is down to him  And not wait to be asked
VAR is there to spot a clear and obvious error  WHERE WAS THE ERROR?  There is NOTHING OBVIOUS  Therefore, goal, end of  Grow up Arsenal
Bring rule of add or rip of three points,the rest is just a story
I didn’t like the outfit of the woman in the middle
Arsenal have lost seven points to var this season
If they can’t prove the offside the foul and the ball out of play conclusively then it’s a goal  it’s as simple as that
she said it, its abt time
Blar blar 😂 3pionts to Newcastle
Man united was denied the same ball out goal against Brighton
Main concern is not about the loss but the inconsistency every week from the reff and VAR
If the ref or VAR had disallowed the goal based on the video evidence that the ball was out… no one would have complained and we would nt be having this conversation.
certain teams get away with it
I'm a Newcastle fan and I agree the goal shouldn't had counted, but everyone is forgetting without VAR the goal would had been awarded anyway. It's just bad refereeing and lack of will to change how VAR works.
I think they should get an extra goal with all the complaining
The ball wasn’t out. Is wasn’t a foul. It wasn’t offside. Stop complaining
The solution to the VAR problem has to start with the players, all integrity has disappeared, hence the need for checking all incidents, for example, a Newcastle player clearly pushed an Arsenal player on the shoulder, who then fell to the floor clutching his face, when the contact was evidently nowhere near the face. Players go down like a sack of spuds with any minor contact. You can call it what you want, but it is nothing more than blatant cheating, it has to be stamped out of the game, otherwise it will become nothing more than a staged circus event.
We can have a conversation, only after you realise that professional sport is rotten and riddled with corruption. The richer the more rotten.  Take it or leave it but rest assured everything is under control. 😅
Its not that deep. VAR helps way more than human errors. Its just not perfect
Arteta and the general media are full of it not to say things dont need to change though - more camera angles for a start
Not sure about the rugby reviews but cricket does it insanely well. The conversation between umpires are on mics for everyone to hear and is so so much more efficient
Ball wasn't out. Wasn't offside. The foul is subjective.  If In doubt, go with the on field decision.. Which they did
Cameras on the goaline has to be the first ones you set up surely
Instead of using the curve of the ball to determine whether  it is out of play or not. Why doesn't the rule just say; if the bottom of the ball is out of the field then it is out of play then
@mikel arteta vs VAR
The ball didn't cross the line😂
@Arteta lose the last three games with unthinkable lineup! Came on mikel @jorginho and kai havertz can’t hold central midfield anymore so change the plan game😂😂otherwise you lose wil be continued on
Thank you, finally someone who's on the same page as me. We should be asking other international sporting bodies how to use video technology for officiating and decision making
- Havertz "challenge" should we call it?  What is he on about? Did he even watch the incident? It's clear as day a red card, his studs even scrubs his shin if you watch it slowly. If you really disagree with a red, ok, you're just wrong, but to call it a mere challenge, then you've lost the ability to have a sensible discussion with anyone about football already 2 seconds after you open your mouth. Quite impressive actually.
Ant and Dec was on the VAR  So a trailing leg is a red card 🤔  If his leading leg took him out its a red Bruno should’ve gone Never a goal PGMOL apology pending and too late!!!  Its not that its chaotic its corrupt
As if he said it might come back to bite Newcastle we have had hundreds of poor decisions against us but because we aren’t arsenal no one notices arteta is a little ventriloquist dummy of a man
Well what they're basically saying politely is that the whole system is garbage.. and you cannot criticise it at all.. and it will not probably improve it probably gets worse.. embarassing really but what can we do
The ball has been proven to still be in play with a graphic from bein sports. There was no offside. Gabriel played for foul instead of defending. Well done officials
This isn't the first time Newcastle have robbed Arsenal with an out of play ball, in the 1932 FA cup final they were also awarded a goal after the ball crossed the byline.
Let’s get it right!! Is it camera issue with the camera or was it the refs incompetent?  The cameras were not put in place by the referees.  He said it was good the rev showed 3 players yellow card because they know the rule in the same breath tries to defend arteta should he be charged die talking about referees.  I guess he also knows the rules… the hypocrisy is more chaotic!!
I think they should give arsenal back a point for this match
Im not saying they are doing it on purpose but what controversial refereeing decision has cost Manchester City this season? Interesting how that works...
It's called Video Assistant Refree but the they dont have enough Video to Assist the Refree,😅😅that's a bar
Its simple Let the computer make the call on halfsides and goaline technology and weather if the ball goes out of bounds on the touchline its sad that VAR didn't know to use tge goaline technology to look and see if the ball went out of bounds...And let the referees make the rest of calls and if theres an penalty or redcard call let the referee automatically go over to the screen to make sure that call was correct thats all❤
it was given a goal, get over it. if ARsenal was really good they would have scored two goals, but they didnt so they deserve to lose
The key point is that how can we have 3 arbitrary reasons to rule out the goal in: the ball being out of play, potential handball and the offside which are all simple yes/no questions be inconclusive. That's just not good enough for the richest league of the richest sport in the world. Although i whole heartedly disagree with the decision on the foul, i can accept that its a subjective decision. But the other 3 shouldnt be in the hands of officials, it should be a simple yes/no as to whether the event happened or not. I'm sorry but in 2023 the reasoning of "no conclusive evidence of when contact was made with the ball" just isnt going to fly with me. And because of that we won't even try to see if its offside? Ever heard of trying your best? Work with what you've got? To simply not even bother adjudicatating whether its on or offside bc you dont know exactly when contact was made is lazy. There are camera angles to make a pretty good estimate at the very least in and then you can go frame by frame to get as accurate as they possibly can. If they say that its good process to not bother, the game is in a worse state than we all thought.
1. the whole ball has to cross the line, just because you can see the full line under the ball, there is no way you can say its out. 2. Players fall over with the slightest tough. A centre back used to fight for the ball but now they dont even try. Joelinton won it and the questions should be why didnt the defender fight for it. 3. You cannot be offside from behind the ball. Doesnt matter if there is 5 defensive players or none, it is the rules. Gordon wasnt infront of the ball when it was played.
I think we should watch Saudi league than premier league is full of corruption by referee and FA. I have been watching English league for 34 years now.  The corruption is so much worse than before
If the goal was cancelled there won't have been any outcry based on the evidence
Brilliant from analysing from Melissa especially on what Arteta said 5 wks ago and other managers said. Until their own teams get 🔥.
BEIN sports could definitively prove it was in, so is Sky Sports just upset that they didnt think to put the same technology into the game? Theres still a degree of error using technology in sports. Does anyone think using technology will completely eradicate mistakes from sports? If a VAR decision goes against a team, even if its the right decision, do you think that team are going to accept it gracefully?
The VAR decision against Liverpool was a clear & obvious cock-up, Saturdays isn’t, so the comparison ends there. If you overburden Football with technology it could reduce it as an ENTERTAINMENT.  Personally, I think Arteta was a bit over-the-top with his statements & should accept his team could easily have been one man down & are maybe not quite as good as they could be at the moment.
Corruption in Premier league
Stop comparing rugby referees to football ones. Clubs demanding things from referees is a joke when they cant control their players. Players litterally cheat on a minute to minute basis, so many decisions are given when players hit the deck, but when a big decision goes against them, suddenly the refs are not of a good enough standard.
Everton have had it go against them 3 times this season. Newcastle last season at liverpool but you move on. The "big 6" have to shout the loudest because they are victimised. Give me a break!!
Newcastle players should have been booked for surrounding the ref he says... Later in the same match, Tripper  and Lascelles are with the ref and 8 arsenal players shouting ... Not one of them booked
Why are we still talking about this if it was the other way around it would be forgotten
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Video Assistant Referees… name 1 instance they assisted the ref in this game, and I'll name 2 where they did his job for him.   They are not the arbiter of the game, that's the ref's job. They should process the evidence only.
We cant have a system more erratic than the human error when stakes are high. During the world cup, Laliga, Serie A, we seeing much better systems in place to assist alleviating human errors. EPL var system is more chaotic, emotionally draining our trust, even the way their lines are drawn to assess offside is much diplorable. EPL VAR system is a real disgrace and fraud to our beautiful game! Weekly apology statements without any mitigation or corrective actions?
Arsenal should be embarrassed they didn't have 1 testing shot or big chance the entire game, hardly 3pts dropped when you had 0xg
This issue was to be sorted the day liverpool were denied a goal. But other managers labelled LFC cry babys. And it has come to haunt others. And it will continue.Its shameful that there is a discussion on wether the ball was out or not. That should be the obvious.
ball didn't go out, it wasn't a foul and he was onside, not sure what people are crying about.
This guy is clearly an arsenal fan 🤣 can’t be subjective.
17 mins of cluelessness 🤣
Clear and obvious errors? If cameras can't tell, it's not clear and obvious. Goal stands
This country is incapable of doing authority.  It reverts back to a sociopathic Victorian age in mentality.  VAR follows in the wake of Boris Johnston.  This country simply is incapable of doing secure leadership.
Sorry but VAR did confirm what happened. It confirmed the referee’s decision was correct. It could not prove it was wrong.
"That's 3 points that could potentially have lost them the title"  says clueless woman #1.  When Arsenal only had one shot on target in 102 minutes of football -- a feeble shot that Pope caught without having to move his feet -- how have Arsenal potentially lost 3 points?  This whole thing is a smokescreen by Arteta to distract attention from his team's ineffectual performance.
Moanteta should be fined and banned for 3 games like a red card.
Arteta is a disgrace. The referee didn't say it was out. They continued playing, 1cm didn't make any difference. They conceded the goal because defence was poor. It is different when VAR awards a penalty when it should not. In this case, they conceded fair and square. Arsenal continued to play and conceded that goal.
This decision is debatable. Arteta’s response was a disgrace based on his Liverpool comments. Havertz should’ve been sent off. Stop relying on refs for points and play better football.
It's the bookies influencing VAR 😂
Joe willock should have also said it's outside
3 wrong decisions,  maybe a fix .
VAR is a scam, that was a total robbery. I am not an Arsenal fan but truth be told they deserved justice. EPL officials are total mess. There is no way you can defend that mess. The decision makers in football are making the VAR not to be consistent. That was a fixed match in favor of Newcastle United. Match fixing is destroying football.
Betting is distroying the best game of football
I don’t follow rugby. But I do cricket. Check the review process in cricket. If you are an audience watching the video, you will hear everything the umpire is saying. Why can’t we have the same for football?
As long as city is not at the top we still gonna have a same problem klopp said it last this is man city n man utd league check var against the club that are chasing number top 4
How did Gabriel fall forward if he's going the other way 😳
How can Arsenal have lost 3 points when they didn’t score a goal?
key question at 07:35 - why is it chaotic?  Answer: the underlying cause is the total amateurish incompetence of the Football Association.
Match fixing that what var is all about😢😢😢😢😢😅😂
Ball line technology is not working outside the goal net
30 cameras and no way to show offside or not??  This is called selective observation. Pure corruption.
So what about when the Arsenal players surrounded the referee regarding the awarding of the goal? The ball wasn’t out, the foul is somewhat contentious, and he wasn’t offside. Arsenal had 1 shot on target all game and didn’t deserve a point let alone 3.
Big up Melissa 🇿🇦🇿🇦🇿🇦
Strike out var or get some honesty to the sport in terms of seeing players tryin hard and being judged by people who doesn't overlook details as a sporting observation they are destroying football so if fans stop go games they should understand its bout the love of the game var is causing hate😮
Incidents as such "disallowed goal "Newcastle vs Arsenal" are all planned and carefully implemented to steer commotion. A part and parcel of the third industrial revolution where the fusion of new energy and communication systems that transform the economy and society. A theater of dreams when reality at zero marginal cost comes to fore.
It's pure gambling in football 😢 we are wasting our time debating and deliberating about this. Why is it VAR in Laliga has all that and EPL don't have that. Why wouldn't Arteta say such statements in October when this league punishes managers from airing their views
This is ridiculous. No one can say that any decision was conclusively wrong. All they are doing is complaining about the amount of cameras available!!! The ref actually called it correctly straight away, an unprecedented series of events was checked and no evidence was found that proved the ref got it wrong. Arsenal lost, but Arteta fuelled this very media frenzy against refs, so yes he should be sanctioned, actually he should be sanctioned at such a level that no other manager will think about taking cheap shots at refs again.
Is anybody seriously listening to these lasses ? 😅
I have a funny feeling arsenal won't care a jot what the Box ticking lasses say
What’s this tool talking about? A bad challenge on a team mate occurs and you’re not allowed to demonstrate your concerns to the ref?!!! Why’s it different for Arteta to demonstrate his concerns about the goal given?! “Why are you going to sanction a grown man for what he saw.” So Arsenal can voice but nufc can’t? Arteta knows the rules to! Absolute Hypocrisy! He’s defo gooner!
The problem is the people who are running it . Bring the people who have knowledge of football and will work . These pundits specially the x United once are crap .😂😂😂😂
ARSS-NA 🍼🍼🍼 😂
I mean it's inclusive so the goal stands, don't know what Arsenal fans and Arteta are complaining about. Wheres the error?  the rules were applied as intended.
problem with saying onfield decision stand is that referee's onfield decisions are now affected by VAR. They may think the ball is out or a push on the back is a foul, but they are inclined to let the play carry on because they don't want to stop the game and find out later that they've made a wrong decision. If the call is subjective, let the referee watch the video, and let them decide.
its dictatorship. You have to accept it and you cant complain about it. If you do, we fined and banned you. Great system.
More cameras?! Scrap VAR. Go back to one ref and a couple of linesmen. Yeah they'll make mistakes. But so does VAR.
This was against Newcastle theres no way it would of got this amount of airtime
"We know that they are not purposely trying to arrive at the wrong conclusions."...  Do we?  I don't...  The more of these calls and no calls I see, and the more they stack for one team or another the more I think outside hands are putting money in the pockets of these referees.
Var was brought in for CLEAR and obvious errors, the ball being out wasn’t CLEAR and obvious, the foul wasn’t CLEAR and obvious and the offside wasn’t CLEAR and obvious, so the on field decision stands, same with cricket if the ball tracking is just hitting the wickets it’s down to the umpires call on field
where are the pictures?  all of this is bollocks
So when this happened to liverpool it was OK but because it's another team It's hmm
There was so many unclear points 3+ it should have been unclear goal so it isn't. ...with all the money and standards yet we keep hearing about bad decision (errors) are them referees even checked for substance abuse ??? Were they drunk while making the decision? ??? What's the excuse??? Fix it improve it cut it out do somthing positive  about it. ..Why would a ref not get a yellow card for example why dosnt the governing body create a system where at the end of the season some sorts of points are giving What can we do ??? pretend every thing is fine ...if we mess up at work we hear about it Why should they be exempt??
VAR should man up and apologize for the mess. Shame for not giving a red to Bruno and shame for not seeing the foul committed by Joelington.
Why does everyone desperately want to find conclusive evidence that the goal should’ve been disallowed? There were two teams in this game. The only thing “embarrassing “ and a “disgrace “ is MA’s reaction. He said they’ve lost 3 points - if the goal was disallowed it would’ve been a draw!
If i was arteta i would have pulled all of my players off the field after that goal and just refused to play until something is done about this corruption. This is something the premier League clubs need to do as a whole to put an end to this. Why cant the fa or premier league put sanctions on wages of officials whenever a clear mistake like this is made. It'd certainly put an end to any bias and corruption within the pgmol
Dear Melissa, its pretty wrong for var to allow that goal! 😅
how the competent referee, cant even see that was a fault on gabriel? it is still very uncompetent
Haha! Karma is the best. Arteta commented on TOT-LIV disallowed goal "Ref trying their best and we have to understand that people made mistakes". Jokes not funny when it's on you now mate? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Mikel’s tears 💦😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
VAR: Consistently inconsistent!
Epl can never have good official because of the gamble and pool
Arteta less than a month ago after Spurs vs Liverpool VAR controversy. ""We need to understand mistakes happen," Now he gets to eat his own words for real.
This coverage is so much better than ESPN’s.  That said, VAR is an absolute joke and if a manager can’t get upset about it then they think they are untouchable and that makes it corrupt.    Arteta did not call for a replay.  That is where his statement is better than Klop’s.  MA’s response better.    Brighton has been given the shaft, Wolves, Liverpool, Man U… etc.    Football will implode if we keep going down this road of VAR, nation state ownership, hosting the World Cup in nations known for their human right issues… etc.  Sort it out!  Again…. Thank you BBC for being 10 x ESPN’s.  Joke.
everyone keeps saying its a foul, i dont see that as a foul at all to win that header u have to almost climb over the defender.... if thats a foul football is doomed i honestly am worried for this sport currently. also does var not check for foul play anymore or am i missing something surely bruno and havertz should of been sent off? or was var on a tea break during those moments of the game?
Where is this girl come like she’s dressed to go clubbing??
I love her voice 😊
didnt seem to be any balance here in terms of the goal being a good goal....3 checks...4 minutes...goal...Ball wasnt out....Gabriel was already ducking down and was weak as water...no offside.Totally Sothern bias again.....Arteta a cry baby..AGAIN....in conferences and on the touchline...an utter disgrace....a disgrace.If Arsenal had scored the same goal and won 1 nil would he be winging?.....Cause not.Everyone just seems to gloss over the Havertz tackles.....aye there was 2 of them and he stayed on the pitch.SOUTHERN BIAS AGAIN................Town Army is coming for yas....GET USED TO IT
Technology must be analysed to technology not human analysis
Gabriel was bending/leaning forward to try to head the ball away because the goalkeeper had cocked up , no foul by J7 , Gordon not offside. Who knows if the ball had gone out of play no proof one way or the other. Well unless you've got x.ray vision, as you have just said it was out.  You're talking crap.
what a blasphemy, the var may correct 95/100 decisions that otherwise would have been wrong calls, but don't correct the other 5 and they cry "what's the point?" the point is to correct the other 95. that's called assisted refereeing. it was never designed to get 100% "correct" to everyone's satisfaction on both sides. wake up.
Only when the English can put their pride aside and admit that they need help will something finally change.
Check the image where rashfords didnt stand against brighton a few games back...and wasnt given for being out of play.....then check the image where it was considered to be in play at newcastle.....its beyond laughable....its one rule one week n a different one the next where VAR is concerned  As for the foul, had that been on a keeper play stops...had gabriel not been fouled could he possibly have been able to challenge gordon to stop the goal? Plus a possible hand ball from joelinton that didnt even get checked.
It is more interesting watching blokes talk about football, who wants to listen to a tea party of nattering old geese?
This is SO ANNOYING!! Stop comparing this to Liverpool v Spurs, they made a communication mistake it is totally different to this!  Some of your own pundits have agreed it should have stood yet here you are with a 18 minute video only representing one side of the argument  Pathetic from SkySports. I dont remember a 20 minute video when we were robbed against Palace last season but that doesnt matter because we’re not one of the “Big Six”  Only disgrace is this video!
VAR is lovely on her legs
At this point A.I will takeover VAR 🤔
A system who's result is inconclusive should be suspended or else banned. Some of these EPL/PGMOL officials are OIL MONEY CONS...
Newcastle and there manger r just making excuses and lying now
Jeez, you'd think Arsenal had been robbed by some sort of international conspiracy. They played for 90 minutes and couldn't score a goal, barely having a shot on goal in the whole game. Even if the Newcastle goal hadn't stood, Arsenal would only have got a point. (Tellingly, the panel in this clip imply Arsenal lost out on 3 points which suggests they wear Arsenal tinted spectacles.) Could it just be that some things that happen on a football pitch are very borderline and referees have to make a series of binary decisions? It is very dificult for referees, in particular judging things like pushes when players are so savvy at buying fouls. There have been big injustices in the past eg the Frank Lampard disallowed goal versus Germany and the Liverpool disallowed goal against Spurs earlier this season which was clearly a unique shambles based on miscommunication and lack of professionalism by a VAR team. In this instance though the on-field referee could not and did not judge there to be a reason to disallow a goal and the VAR team similarly could not see any evidence to overrule the decision on the pitch. The pundits here are very certain of things (eg the ball was out) which there is no evidence to back up. A ball can be well past theline at ground level yet from an overhead view be easily overhanging the line. I think this is not well understood by quite a lot of football supporters and seemingly some pundits as well.
We do know if the ball is out and it went out
It happened to Arsenal last season and we did not win the league because of one of this reasons
Pull up ya breaches and get on with it
Arsenal should of not lose
How long did it take for VAR to look check see that it was not a goal
There were and was to and so many bad wrong mistakes and decisions things that the VAR and referee and Newcastle did to Arsenal in that game the ball went out and cross the line and it was offside and it should of been a free kick to Arsenal and Newcastle player should of been down to ten men
You can argue to kingdom come on the ball going out of play. The precedent set with Rashford this season was that it was out of play. You can retroactively argue about it being theJapan situation from the WC, but like I said, the precedent from Rashford happened far more recently and there is no accurate tech to rule either way. But let’s move on there, it’s not out of play or whatever.   Next comes the question of handball. It literally strikes his hand. I could see it while the VAR check was going on. No idea how that is not ruled out. The rule clearly says it should be a handball. It’s even at an unnatural angle because he’s got one hand on Gabriel’s neck and one hand on his back to push him down.  Then comes the question of the foul. Gabriel is clearly trying to head the ball out of the line. Joelinton has two hands perpendicular to himself to push him down. If Gabriel did that, it’s 100% a penalty. How is it not an offensive foul then?  Now comes the call of the offside. He’s imo offside. Gordon’s foot is definitely ahead of the ball even in the unclear angle. But fine, they can hide behind no tech being there.  How does 4 separate issues to rule out a goal all go in favor of Newcastle? Especially the foul and the handball?   This is the same VAR that last season decided not to give two very valid penalties for Arsenal in the same fixture. He’s the same ref who’s gone to ref in the Saudi league.  If players are not allowed to gamble on games, refs 100% should not be allowed to go to countries that own clubs to officiate. The same dangerous bias applies to refs, if not worse for refs.   Now coming to Bruno hitting Jorginho on the back of the head. That strike is literally illegal in so many other sports because of the risk of serious injury or death. It’s the textbook definition of violent conduct even in the FA’s own rule book.  So how was he not send off?    Now coming to Havertz because I know people will be tribal to try and off play the serious issues raised here. It’s at best an orange card. He goes in hard, misses the player, takes the player out with his trailing leg. What point of that is a red card offense? Hell, the refs already set a precedent with Kovacic against Arsenal. If that’s a yellow, this most definitely is less worse and definitely a yellow.
This guy is talking out of his backside. He says there were several reasons to disallow the goal. But what exactly was wrong with it? If the ref on the pitch can't see a reason to disallow a goal and the VAR can't either, then on what basis can the goal be disallowed?
I’m not being Racist at all but I am allowed to say Bruno G is a thug and a cheat.
Them legs tho
The technology is purely used by human beings with their interest
It happened to Newcastle last season against Crystal Palace! I guess instead of out favouring Newcastle, the officials decided to be in favour instead! HWTL!
Thats a disgrace, Arteta was right
referees are humans and have feelings too. calm down. its just a game.
Even though I ain’t an arsenal fan I’m happy that arteta spoke out in an articulate way, he was well within his right to call it out, for the fa to fine him is unbelievable. How was that goal rewarded
no one buys news papers anymore 😂
This is spoiling football it’s sad, how can we call the English premier league the best league and we have the worse officials available? This is putting me off watching football it’s not the same quality it’s starting to feel fixed
Reddy raising some brilliant points
Scrap Var just have the ref n linesman's opinion but mic them up so we can hear their decisions
If it's that marginal you give you goal, simple as that.
Arsenal need to suck it up. It happens they checked it and they got it right in my opinion. No evidence that the ball went out, foul or offside. Liverpool on the other hand we’re clearly robbed of a legitimate goal.
The real issue is the  best league in the world doesn't have technology 😂😂😂
These people coming up with the pictures of how Arsenal was robbed, where did they get the pictures from...do we have "private" cameras on football pitches??...who controls all the cameras on the pitch?? VAR referees or private drones....stop this nonsense of AI(artificial Intelligence)... this is a topic for another day... how AI is stealing from humans through help of designated humans....zero game
Darren sure likes to talk or perhaps he just likes to hear his own voice. Every time I hear this guy, he never stops! This is a poor panel.
Ultimately Mikel watched his players play a very physical game.  Havertz wasn’t good enough and Eddie isn’t the striker you want in on big games against top 5 competition. Sadly Arsenal lost today due to the absence of G.Jesus and Odegard. They’re the difference makers you need in the big games. Previous campaigns would have gone bad w/out Bergkamp and Henry You must have your best talent available for the big games. Especially away from home. Arrest would’ve been thrilled w/ a point out of this game
VAR = Disgrace for sure!
The comments all overlook the fact that the on field decision was goal. If there had been no VAR, Arteta would have been moaning about its absence. Further, the analysts are not even in agreement about whether the decisions were correct. Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher both felt the goal was correctly given. How can decisions be regarded as outrageous if there is no unanimity about whether they were correct? Alan 23.26
I think it's a goal. Not enough to overturn the decision.. But Artetta is right that there's too much at stake and the fact that the Premier League, with all its resources doesn't have the ability to conclusively prove beyond a shadow of a doubt offsides and ball-in-play decisions is pathetic.
This is worst ref decision i ever seen ball out+offside+foul. Last season was Brantford offside goal and now Newcastle. this is disgrace to premier league refs
Women pundits are like letting weekend banger racers commenting on Formula one. No thanks Sky
Ball was out.... simple
Going to do a running comment while I watch this toss.   So Newcastle players can’t complain to the referee about a violent assault that should have been a red, but Arsenal players can mob the referee constantly with no reprisals. Got it.   Why didn’t the officials have the angle to disallow a perfectly good goal? No idea, they should have, but the focus is on finding a way to disallow a goal. The remit is “clear and obvious”. Those two things are not compatible.   The game descended into chaos; didn’t expect to agree on anything. It did. The referee was inclined to give everything to Arsenal because they’re Arsenal, which incensed the home fans. There’s not many bear pits like an angry St James’. He’s a weak referee and couldn’t handle that, so lost his head. That resulted in more and more absurd decisions.   Arteta should be allowed to bring the game into disrepute without reprisal because he’s… Arsenal manager? Didn’t really get that one.   I lasted about 6 minutes but I’m tapping out. I’m not sure who that weapon of mass nonsense is who’s waffling on but he’s an Arsenal fan for sure.   Keep crying Lego man and defenders of the greedy six. When you can’t win with dignity, there’s little hope of losing with any.
Not really a “debate” when everyone on the show has the same point of view…
Personally I'm sick of var and all the idiots involved with it. I can't stand all the lies and deception we get fed from them. And the rhetoric that you can't say what you think anymore is so messed up. Fines etc. Dictatorship of var and the premier league
Is it chaotic.. I'm waiting for Man City to lose a title or a game to this decision, rather than City's competitors.
At least 3 failures of VAR here, so where are the minimum 3 corrections PGMOL plan to take to stop these from happening in the future?
"The game is worth millions" the interests can share those millions..
there were many instances of players being shoved in the back that weren't given as fouls. it's part and parcel of the game now. can't have it both ways
"Well done lads, good process"
The referees are too sentimentally attached to the clubs. The rule should be to make decisions based on the evidence available, not those you wish exist. If that was the sideline, the linesman would be ruling for a throw-in. He will not be looking if a curvy part of the ball is in parallel with the line.
7:55 this is exactly why i know these guys dont know what theyre talking about. 3 points where???????? you have to score to get 3 pts lol. it was 1 pt or 0 pts.
To the VAR haters, the ref awarded a penalty for Newcastle against Arsenal last season and VAR rightly overturned it. This Lewis guy likes to hear the sound of his own voice.
whyyy are we sympathising with arteta? hes just making excuses bruhhh
When the didnt draw then lines last season.... i mean come on.
Total bias yet again by woke bollocks
“Cards on the table” - do you have any bias then? Also how many times did Arsenal players approach the referee asking for players to be booked etc or to query decisions. Did they get booked?
Football is for sale, the clubs, the tournaments and the results can and are bought. If you sell something you must be able to provide some guarantees regarding your product.  An efficient VAR or officiating system remove such guarantees which makes for a poor product.  The technology has existed in other sports for ever! Why can't goal line technology be used for balls going out of play? Could just be line technology.  Keeping this obscure is obviously benefiting someone.
We got the 3 points so end of, hes a crybaby and if arteta doesnt like it then he can disappear
Man city never have this issue .. i wonder why?
people forget Newcastle were on the other end too many times last season and we got on with it without whining about it.
Just to the point about rugby and their use of TMO which is their version of VAR. I have to be honest here and say that as a kiwi i was very broken about the result in the final, and partly is because of how TMO has gone too far with how it is used. The idea of all these video referees is to aid the referee whether a mistake has been made or to help in making a decision for the onfield referee. Personally TMO has got involved too much and is now acting like how the on field referee should in terms of being too involved and losing all flow in a actual match which is vital for a standout piece such as the world cup final. This no attack on Wayne Barnes who got put in a corner either way but i do hope VAR don't go as far as rugby has and create a stop start type of game. As a Arsenal fan, i am majorly pissed off with VAR for yesterday and the fact that in a stadium as good as St James Park there is no cameras on the corner flag let alone enough to decide wether a foul on Gabriel was made, have to ask yourself, was Stockley Park watching another game?
Boundary lines should have digital lines in them, just like the ones used for goal line tech. Take the human element out of it and you’ll get better and accepted decisions. The Australian Open tennis ditched linesmen for a fully digitised system. VAR can’t be based on opinions. It has to be fact based.
It's called Video assistant referee not video replacement referee!! It was not conclusive to rule it out
VAR needs to go, but each month that goes by it gets more and more unlikely that that will ever happen.  Who profits from VAR? Think about it
VAR has made some big mistakes. Fifa is known for bribes. I rest my case
That lady's skirt is too short 😮
"all teams will be at the wrong end of these decisions sometime this season". I know one team who surely will not be at the wrong end, same team that has not had a bad call for last 5 seasons, same team that is still "under investigation" for 115 ffp breaches 15(ish) years ago (!).
Var has literally sucked the joy out of football
why does VAR need a wide shot to being showing the moment of the touch that may be outside. Surely a timestamp on a closeup could be used to know the moment then move the wide shot to that timestamp
I don't understand how this is being seen as the watershed moment compared to the Liverpool one which was obviously wrong. The argument is because it was checked for 3 things it shouldn't stand is very flimsy. Bein did a reconstruction and said the ball was in. The only criticism I'd have here is not having a camera along the line to see definitively. Where are the goal review cameras? Can't they be used? Foul was subjective, but would agree with Neville that it wasn't a push, more the hands go up to brace for contact and Gabriel moved away, and joleontons hands followed as a bracing action. Then the offside is unfortunate that you can't see the ball. Maybe they could get a spider cam, but not all stadiums would be able to have it. Maybe they could have done more and check if Gordon was ever onside, but I guess the tech they have is for freeze frame and really you'd want to run a 2-3 second clip where you can't see the ball, but know contact is around that point. Looks like his foot might be off, think it's ahead of the ball, which would be the issue. Then I guess they need to check the contact on the ball. If it comes off joleinton then it should probably be offside. But it's not a glaring error. No one really knows for sure as the cameras aren't there, and now arsenal fans are retrospectively bringing up the Liverpool one, but at the time nobody was giving them any sympathy. Personally, this isn't even top 10 for worst VAR call this season, so arsenal should be fined for the hoopla they're bringing up
It's CORRUPTION and BIAS TOWARDS ARSENAL simple as . IT'S UNLIKE ANYTHING I'VE EVER SEEN been happening every week we're playing against teams & officials. IT'S AN EMBARRASSMENT TO FOOTBALL.
I think it's a goal
the biggest disgrace was the way he went on afterwards, there are many dicissions that have cost teams valuable points but when its one of these so called big six clubs then it causes a mass outcry, arteta is starting to change into klopp with his whinging
The faux outrage over this is hilarious. It's not hard to understand whatsoever. The goal was given in the pitch. That means it can only be overturned if video can show a clear and obvious error. They looked. They couldn't so the on field decision stood. The guy even says himself, a day later that he hasn't been able to find a definitive angle. While there has been loads of really bad decisions this season, this isn't one of them! 😂
Yes lady and in the video the video assisted referee viewed .. which we all do .. can see clearly the ball had crossed … if you’re confused .. ASK THE REFF TO SEE ..  wasteful narrative and jibber jabber
Don't know wot the fuss is VAR did its job on the goal the mistakes was on the havertz tackle and Bruno's fore arm
🔴 This panel is talking facts! Darren Lewis, Vicky and Melissa are talking the truth! Carragher and Neville talking nonsense and actually supporting this referring and PGMOL corruption. Its actually shocking! This panel is transparent and all delivered valid and great points with zero agenda's 🔴
The same level of outrage wouldn't be seen if it was the other way around and a goal had been given to Arsenal in the same circumstances 😅
People are taking only one part of Arteta's quote and using it as a stick to beat him. In the same interview when a direct question was placed to him about what he thinks should happen about Liverpool, he pretty much said he hopes Liverpool get what they deserve.
At the end of the day, Newcastle still have the 3 points.  Arsenal could have scored 2 goals, them being a fabulous team, but they didn’t get the ball in the net at all.  In fact this has to be one of the easiest games Nick Pope has ever had.  He had a couple of half shots and other than that Arsenal huffed and puffed.  We need the best possible VAR possible but we also need managers of football clubs who can act responsibly and accept their team also,played very poorly.  Arteta at one stage said, this refereeing error cost them 3 points!  No it didn’t.  Arsenal might have scored but they certainly didn’t look,like doing so.  Newcastle had 2 other good chances, better than anything Arsenal had.  Poor loser to say the least.  Last season against Crystal Palace at St James Park, there was actually a worse error than this.   But after noting the error Eddie Howe just chalked it down to experience and moved on.  That’s what ‘mature’ grown men do.  Arteta should model his behaviour on Eddie in many ways.
Why aren’t there camera’s mounted to the posts looking down the line? How is it that the goal line technology to ensure goals are given doesn’t cover it. Cricket has stump cams that give closeups at the crease. Surely you can embed cameras that can assist in goalmouth decision making? It’s not rocket science. Give the VAR a proper process to follow if it’s chaotic. Machine learning would probably do a better job than the VAR right now.
are you a arsenal fan the linesman never flagged for any of the 3 decions
There was six arsenal players back. Its their job to clear the ball. If there was no referee or var. They still have to clear the ball.
From my view watching the incidents and replaying on the television 📺 the VAR was correct on all three counts. Order out of Chaos…
Why can't the prem use the same systems as the Champions league? I am an AI engineer, its really not a problem to train AI on thee calls, the Champions League Semi has it down, why can't the prem use these systems, I suspect they like the controversy, it seems they like the added drama for ratings. Why else would they not use the same system as Rugby and Champions league??
Anyone who can say this should have stood has no integrity
There's a picture showing the ball is out of play. Isn't that conclusive evidence?
Continuous improvement.
Every team is going to be affected at some point in the season if this is allowed to continue.
Notice they didn't discuss the racism
Newcastle scored a perfectly good goal. To infer that it has been 'awarded' as per the caption of your video implies that it shouldn't have stood. Nonsense journalism from Sky Sports as usual.
It doesnt matter how many camera angles there were. These VAR dudes wouldve found a way to award the goal.
In tennis players are allowed 3 challenges per set.   That is a long way off players being able to challenge every single line call.
Bad officials, PGMOL and VAR will lead to the downfall of the EPL its sad really but its a matter of time
VAR makes more mistakes than pre VAR
i agree with arteta,if the premier league want to be the best league these continuos errors defenitly dont help
The ball is in and the push is questionable. Goal stands simple as.
The linesman and ref looked old.
Bottom line is TV LOVES VAR controversies. It fills high return broadcast hours and the TV companies pay the big dosh… so Why would they change it? It’s not in their interest!
All these debates are futile. You don't make the same errors to the disadvantage of certain teams consistently. Address the real question. Is the EPL a corrupt league?
Arteta can't defend or speak on behalf of other team's drama. Arteta will defend Arsenal and it players.  No player is responsible for the referee's and VAR decision making.
Good win. Awful ref bottled the red card, but they do their best.
I’d love to see the stats of which clubs have benefitted the most from controversial VAR decisions and the points awarded/lost because of them.
Can we just get rid of it and go back to 2 linesman and a ref
This fuss is bizarre.   "This kind of decision". What... Newcastle being given the benefit of the doubt when there was no discernable infractions?  Quite bizarre.
It's wild how everyone is of the opinion it should have been disallowed without any proof.   Everyone has an OPINION, but that isn't a fact it is subjective.   Darren hasn't explained why the goal shouldn't have stood? what has he seen that a dozen cameras and refs haven't?  Why are Arteta and Klopp allowed to throw refs under the bus when their clubs lose ? Why should they be allowed to add more pressure on refs and threaten their jobs? Why is it only big 6 that do this? And why do Sky Sports not address this?
The only disgrace is Arteta. Three Newcastle players booked for complaining a challenge that could have broken Longstaff's leg. What will happen to Arteta complaining about a decision which was correct?
English Refs. Didn't they so it to Roma in Europa league finals.
Pictures? I'm so glad you have the most modern technology available in the studio
There was a red card that should’ve been placed. That’s what I am the most pissed off about you have a player on Newcastle side that elbows Jorginio in the head that’s a red card… End of story
I get his point re: Atwell booking three Toon players but are we now saying any player speaking to the ref who isn't the captain is BOOKED? I mean I get the captain should be the one talking to the ref but if a player is booked for approaching the ref then we'd see 20 a game, but fair play if that's the rules ok. I'm still shocked Longstaff got booked as he was on the floor holding his ankle for the whole melee, bit weird.
@16:31 "Newcastle were the beneficiaries of it." How do you know this if your complaint is that the camera angles were inconclusive? To me, that looks like the ball is in - it's pretty close to the line from a pretty wide angle - look from above and I'm quite certain that would show that the ball was in.   This whole conversation went down this route - for example, the suggestion that the second and third checks would not have been necessary had there been a definitive camera angle. A definitive camera angle would have most likely proven that the ball did not go out of play, so the second and third checks would have been required. They would have shown that there was no foul strong enough to disallow the goal, and that Gordon was not offside, and the goal would have stood.  The "beneficiaries of it" are Arteta and Arsenal, as they get to moan like it wasn't their fault that they lost this game. It was. How long was left in the game after the goal? They didn't play very well, and they didn't score any goals. They were the architects of their own emabarrassment.
Arteta defended the officials when there was a blatant error against Liverpool but now because it’s against his team it’s ridiculous.  By the way the ball has been proved to be still in play…
Never mind the other 14.... When it's Arsenal, City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Utd or Spurs it's everywhere and gets a special video but when it happens to the other 14 it doesn't matter.
The ball stayed in according to rules of entire ball must be out. The match was already scrappy and both teams had nasty plays. Joelinton was onsides without fouls. Arsenal just did NOT play to whistle. Arsenal are soft cry babies!!
The current system of VAR is abysmal, and defective, and doesn't have the adequate amount of funding or resources for it to produce concrete, consistent, and fair conclusions. This is simply becoming a joke of sorts and the matter of implementing VAR technology needs to be addressed and corrected.   The league needs to take the concerns of VAR errors and consistencies very seriously as the utilisation is currently abhorrent and a variety of decisions and the verdicts unlike in other leagues don't convey a transparent reason or verdict as to why the verdict or decision was given inadequately.   There is simply no excuse as to why they can't find a reason to justify why the use of VAR has been so abysmally inconsistent. utilise more cameras, implement an improved or enhanced system, and implement 3D or 4D graphics technology to help you determine if the ball has gone out of play or if a player is offside.   These decision-making issues can be assessed and amended and evolved to evade any possible future inadequacy.
This was the technology brought in to make the game the fairest it could be … complete opposite is happening week in and week out
That bird seated in the middle got a lovely fanny
The ball u can see clearly out of play ..Linton had to hands on Gabs
Can’t watch whenever Mel is talking. She talks but says nothing, worst pundit on tv
It was a perfect goal
It's stinking...no other reasoning
A couple of weeks ago  Martin Keown said that Spurs present attitude was very much like Arsenal under Wenger!  Nothing could be further from the truth. Arteta has just carried on the moaning and whining attitude when things do not go his way - that Wenger was infamous for.  Conte was not wrong when he was Spurs manager -Arsenal ways moaning.  If Spurs attitude is like anything before it would be Nottingham Forest under Brian Clough. The ref has made his decision get on with the game - lifes unfair moaning will not make it better and makes the moaner look weak with no answers. I think Martin Keown needs to reflect. Ange is not a moaner and a whingy whiner like some Arsenal Managers. Very Very different types of people and  teams. Bill
The refs word is final. If VAR cant make a decision the refs word IS final. Its not too difficult! In any game if power fails for var we default to refs.Var will bever cover all angles
Hi bro😅 i am not again the Toon ( incedently we beat you on your own patch ) i am a Liverpool fan , i dont feel for the gunners my concern is football as it was and what its become with the new tech . I hope you guys arent sold short by VAR in the future and then hear what you have to say
Mr Arteta and a few others have stated had arsenal been robbed of 3 points? We're arsenal winning the game or is this just the elitism for the sneaky six again...
This is a VAR MAFIA on the loose.  There is a conspiracy towards Arsenal. The referees should be investigated for betting against Arsenal. I suspect that they are not happy with Mikel's progress.  It's not Arsenal's problem that Man U, Chelsea, are somewhere lingering in the table. These crew needs to be investigated and someone charged. It's total disgrace.  It's a football refereeing coupé 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
So man united is screwed this season everything that was allowed is disallowed with man united
Arteta should be kicked bcse he broke the FA rules for running his mouth
Why is the dictatorial, tyrannical, and overbearing authority of the referees and their bosses cannot be questioned by the media and the fans?  Why accept ridicule? In a country where you can criticize and swear at the Prime Minister and the king without being prosecuted, how come the referees are red line? criticizing a referee by the coach is a sin and a crime!! What gives this lot such authority? is there something about this in the bible that I missed?
Bent Arsenal are the Millwall of the premiership, enough said. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Since Howard Webb took charge of VAR it has become an absolute joke ask wolves and I'm no wolves fan!!
Darren you’re so wrong and biased where was this when Newcastle were denied a stonewall goal against Crystal Palace last year 🤷🏽
VAR is FRUAD to favor Manchester city to win the league every season because of Arab Money 💰 💴 😤…this will only destroy the game 💔😤
The solution is one and one only, bring in foreign referees. The premier league is full of foreign players because there is more talent than there is here. Same should go for the referees
Newcastle may be on the other end of it one day, that made me laugh. We were on the other end of it several times last season and no one said a word. Now because it benefits Newcastle everyone is up in arms.  Really, no favouritism here is there
Nowt wrong with it and Darren needs Specsavers I’m sorry but when after all the checks there’s nothing obvious enough said  Joelinton was only dubious decision but even that is NOT a foul,m. Gabriel leaned forward   All this to hide Arsenal had 1 shot all game and RAYA messed up the goal   🤷🏽
Wouldn’t it just be lovely to not have a debate about VAR or wrong decisions every weekend?
very simple , they have to control results , if they really want to solve this problem it's very simple look at rugby , but no they are so corrupt
PGMOL is a dictatorship. You cant speak up against them, and if you do it has seriens repercussions.
Fa var joke that that’s yesterday was embarrassing
I love it , getting one over the cockneys . The horrible little man wouldn’t complain if his team got the decision , up yours Arsenal , if you don’t like the prem , go somewhere else if it makes you sick you awful little man  . Well done Newcastle 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Turned it off when the women started talking
i tried ot watch who is girl in middle?
About time Newcastle were on the right side of VAR. Brilliant Win. Referee was abysmal lost all control of the game.Havertz should've been red carded and so should've Bruno. But a great result for Toon👏👏👏
Melissa has a good point regarding to Liverpool, its clear now that its everyone's problem
Havertz did what Kovacic did but not as bad. If Kovacic got 1 yellow card for both challenge then Havertz was fine. Everything else is just corruption.
I don’t remember all this fuss when wolves were robbed last week. Or when Newcastle were robbed vs palace or many others.
Let’s them have a regame
Why are sky sports putting pictures up instead of showing analysis like they’re some 20 sub channel
Joelington is a cheat
VAR was brought in to prevent 'Howlers'. Not to look for excuses to disallow goals!
This people that distroyed Chelsea FC what fo you think 😂
The title! 😂😂😂
How on earth can the prem be the best league in the world with such blatant ridiculous decisions by so called match officials you should have gone to SPEC SAVERS
I think he might be an arsenal fan 😂
City and United played on for minutes before the game was stopped and City got a penalty! If that Kloops or Arteta you would never hear the end of the moaning! 😢😢
Why can't a grown man make that criticism...? Easy because he wouldn't specify what he thought the problem was. Everyone is pontificating, but even with 1000 cameras there will always be a marginal decision within the measurement error. Of course plenty of people say "you can see it was out" but they conveniently forget how the curve of the ball allows you to see the grass beneath the ball even when the ball is still in play (just like how they position the ball to take a corner these days, with it looking out of the quadrant from some angles). The ref called it, VAR couldn't see any 'clear and obvious error, or any reason to over-rule it' Of course Artetta should be punished... if it had happened with Arsenal scoring he'd have been perfectly happy to accept the goal. The only embarrassment was him! My question is, why didn't they get the ref to come and have a look? They did in the (IMO) fatuous Man U goal dissallowed for offside decision. (For the record, I think the ball was in play, it was arguably a foul, and it was onside.)
If VAR can't see that's a foul what on earth is the point of it absolutely. Disgusting decision
Can we hage an investigation to these refrees so many calls gone wrong and cannot happen at this level
Shambolic refereeing
Ex players should be employed to manage VAR. They atr the ones who know the rules and have experienced the feeling of playing football at those levels and intesnity. They do know what is really happening.
After the final whistle no matter how much anyone complains it game over bring on the next match.
It’s blatant corruption and mobs controlling it, like she said millions of pounds are involved. No way can you make a mistake like that with the technology that is there already. It’s quite clearly the people who are running it but they don’t want to say that because they will also get fined or fired. They have AI man… and we know AI wouldn’t get that wrong.
Football is dying coz confidence is vanishing
The ball didn't fully cross the line.  The arsenal defence just stood and watched Willock. That's why we scored. 🤷‍♂️
Rugby gets it completely wrong,as per the world cup, don't go anywhere near their system.
I’d be more worried about the two reds that weren’t given for either side. The goal was given and nothing conclusive to counter that, therefore goal. Seeing Arteta throw his toys out the pram and have a tantrum is more than worth having VAR in the game. I’m not a fan of any prem team and watch highlights just for the soap opera it’s become 😂😂😂
Melissa is 100% correct Rugby has a lot of this ironed out already Why hasn’t football sorted a lot of these simple issues, not now, but from the very beginning of VAR by following other examples 😐  That’s why there’s so much frustration  It really isn’t that hard
I think Arsenal are just crying because this was supposed to be their season to challenge and Tottenham have stolen that from them :E
The foul on Nketiah in the penalty was also not captured by the cameras?
Why wont the VAR be be audible to the stadium in justifying his decision when he interprets the rules why is it considered a foul a  penalty or Goal or red card..
WHAT CAN YOU DO WHEN THE SAUDI OWNED TEAMS, MANCHESTER CITY, NEWCASTLE, INCLUDING CHELSEA ARE CLEARLY BEING FAVOURED BY THESE REFS OVER AND OVER AGAIN.
Too much focus has been shown on this goal, the real injustice is the fact that Bruno Guimaraes should've been sent off in the first half at 0-0, at which point the entire game would've changed and we wouldn't be talking about this goal in the first place.
A debate is when 2 or more people have differing views. This is not a debate, its a discussion to argue why it should have been given as a goal only.
var not fit for purpose wolves get robbed constantly
Looked like a good decision to me. I don’t think the ball was out, the ‘foul’ would have been very soft and it wasn’t offside.
What I would like to know is what exactly was Arteta claiming was wrong about the goal? What were the Arsenil directors claiming was wrong about the goal? What was that bloke in the clip claiming was wrong about the goal? Everyone is claiming it was a farce but not naming the reason for the farce. On the other hand, there was 1) no evidence that the ball categorically went out of play, 2) no evidence that Gabriel was categorically fouled by Joelinton (it is just a matter of opinion whether two hands on your back is enough for a grown man to collapse in a heap), and 3) you cannot be offside if you are behind the ball when it is played. So what exactly was VAR's 'clear and obvious' error that would have justified reviewing the referee's decision onfield to award a goal?
And why are these officials soo untouchables?
If this was the other way around, and Arsensal were given a goal, you're not debating it for 20 mins.   The ball was proven to be in,  the challenge was not a foul and the player wasn't offside, the goal was good.
Is there a system in place to judge if the ball has gone forwards ? the player who scored was ahead of everyone only way he wasn't offside is if the ball went parallel to goal line or backwards
Not much of a "debate" when you only include  people who agree with one side is it?
I can't believe the 20PL clubs still haven't collectively put pressure to the PL for better officiating. The Premier League is nothing without the football clubs.
Arteta is a disgrace
i think if they say they cannot give everyone the communication lines let them give mangers at least audio in the var process and maybe give coaches a chance to challenge like in the nfl or the nba or cricket
Of course the goal should stand. There was no proof it went over the line, no clear and obvious errors in the push and off side. What is wrong with these people, how many cameras do they want in the grounds. In the end they went with the on field decision. Absolutely perfect outcome. Arteta should be banned and fined heavily. Outrageous comments from him. Yeah lets all trash our referees and they will all give up the game. And then they mentioned the Liverpool decision which was bad communication and wrong but a totally different issue.
I’m a fan of Arsenal , and to be frank, the ball didn’t cross the touch line the ball was springing 99% of the ball pitch . But Garbrile was willing for throw. So he did not go go the ball
It's corruption plain and simple
Yes the ball didn’t go outside the line Garbrile was standing and looking at the attacker going to win the ball.
Thankfully been oblivious to this. My 100% attention to top flight football has now dwindled over time to almost 0%. One manager moaning and moaning and saying there’s too much at stake. The other club awash with dirty money. Sport has gone. Football has grey areas there used to be grumbling about the odd decision then forget it and move on. I happily spent Saturday helping at a grass roots volleyball tournament. Great sport, great respect between players, friendships being cemented, just the odd quizzical look about a decision maybe. I’m done with Premier league, the soul has gone from it for me.
No reason for the decision to be changed.  Simple as. No big deal.
It’s besides the point, Guimares should’ve been off. Just like Kovacic. But again if you’re playing arsenal you’re allowed to be as violent as possible.
Looked like a joelinton foul to me but who knows
Not even rugby,watch laliga the var is working perfectly,this one in epl is just a scam, reefers and var officials are shameful criminals, very corrupt
Are they asking for perfection in an unperfect world?? There will always be disputes and errors. Its called human nature.
I agree with the lass that *5 weeks ago was a GREAT OPPORTUNITY* for ALL clubs to demand for *outright change & transparency*, but I guess the selfishness and disunity from all  & sundry wouldn't allow them, and that's part of the reason why football wont change in the EPL.
Ball is out side line first
Corruption might be the reason why these fool-proof systems are not put in place. Why else wouldn’t they want it!?
This is a bigger issue than last nights game, we as (Whoever you support) fans deserve far better from the professionals who officiate.
If he does get a fine for speaking the truth then it will just go to show how far the corruption goes !!!!!!
The issue is that next week it will be a foul.   Last week it was a foul on Rodri. You cannot look at Rodri and Gabriel and say that one is and one isn’t.  You also cannot use the argument that you cannot see the ball from a certain angle. The VAR has several cameras that are all synced. All they have to do is go to the camera that’s behind the goal, on that camera they can find the exact moment when Joelinton last touched the ball which will be down to the millisecond, then go to the overhead angle and go to the exact millisecond, and then draw the line. Not that difficult. The only reason you wouldn’t do that is if you are an absolute incompetent tool or there’s corruption.
VAR decision was correct, no clear & obvious on field errors!
Boo hoo. Arsenal should have been playing with 10 men most of the game
All of the ball. All of the line.   offside? Gordan wasn't behind the ball.  Foul? Gabriel had already ducked he was seeking the foul.
Major difference between rugby and football - players, fans and the media respect the officials and don't try to dispute every decision. The nonsense about covering all angles means cameras cheek by jowl all the way down the length of the pitch from both sides. THINK ABOUT WHAT YOU ARE ASKING FOR! The way rugby would have done it would be to simply say - there is no conclusive proof for any of the issues, so referee's decision is right.
VAR belongs to the highest bidders in the EPL.
Nothing wrong with the goal
8:00 “three points that could potentially lose them the title”…. Objective journalism, explain that one, when Arsenal had 1 shot on target and a Newcastle had 2, and a higher XG. The goal was correctly given.
The English are very slow to change or very reticent to change. There’s an abundance of technology to clear such matters up BUT the FA and Premier League are stack in the good old English way of thinking
EPL needs a Negreira type scandal to come to light.
without var the goal would have stood... stop whining
Why isn’t there cameras in the corner flag and the goal posts? Or a similar style sensor for when the ball crosses the goal line?
Arsenal should wait for  epl win till Howard Webb leave ......the man is criminal he took oil and pay ref his boys against Newcastle....this worse league in the world
Newcastle have been done over with VAR more than any other team. We didn't complain, got on with it, AND came 4th!? VAR can be wrong. I agree. All the money and sustainability involved. It needs to be perfect. Rigged? I don't no. But look back to the Grobelar insidents. Gone and forgotten. I hope not. Because it will destroy my dreams
Worrying three distinct, even with my naked eyes it couldn't reached that far,with all discrepancies
didnt see it go out, the 'foul' was 50-50 at best, and didnt see a handball - this is a storm over small beans
I remember Sky and the British media joining forces to slaughter Australia in the Ashes over  a stumping that was entirely within the rules. But like the cowards they are, they're trying to turn it  into a debate. Complete frauds.
Why is everyone ignoring Almiron's red card in the first half??😊
Just scrap it it doesn’t work end of
This decision you are on about is a cop-out as arteta's team never scored against a Newcastle team which has an injury list as long as there first. So stop deflecting the poor performance from a weakened arsenal team who where licking there wounds from a westham thumbing in the league cup!
But how can they rig results if there's greater transparency?
This "inconclusive" claim needs to be addressed too. Opinion and subjectivity don't matter in cases where the referee hasn't noticed/ didn't see the incident? Yellows can't be given in such instances? New verdicts can't be reached unless it's black and white? Why? It's nonsensical
The goal was ok man United goal against arsenal wat var did for them karma tell dem stop complaining
The similar goal against PSG stood through 3 VAR checks, with better angles, with the clear and obvious evidence to determine the facts. Why this goal stood? The premier league just doesn't have either the right angles or enough cameras. Is this a problem? Yes, and it's something that can be solved, and should be. Why does VAR work in other countries? Because of more/better tech. What is the thing everyone's crying for? Remove VAR and just have the ref and his assistants. How many times have I seen a mistake with on field flags raised for offside, or other issues that would cancel out a goal that got corrected? A lot. Have VAR at times intervened when they shouldn't in similar situations in the past? Yes. Have VAR ignored clear and obvious errors in the past? Yes And those are both human errors that they have been blasted for over and over, human errors that shouldn't be happening and if that same human error happened here, there'd have been an uproar and VAR would have been rightfully blamed for human error. We can not sit on the fence when we demand better from VAR, we can not blame VAR for every controversy and say to go back to just the refs, this goal would have stood if it was just ref decision, because that's the reason it was allowed, it came down to ref decision. VAR did not intervene either way because they didn't have the angles.  We need to judge each situation individually, I'm sick of people trying to cancel var at any controversy because they're grouping all situations into one rather than individual. That's not going to work. if we sit here demanding consistency from VAR, then we need to pick a side and be consistent in our complaints. This isn't a 'human error, PGMOL corrupt, cancel var' issue, this is a 'we demand more, we need the right angles, other competitions have them why not us' We had the angles needed against PSG for a very similar situation that passed 3 var checks. Why don't we have them in the premier league?
Lies, it does not affect city and newcastle
The disgrace that happened on Saturday reminds me and throw me back to that champions league game of Barcelona vs Chelsea. The scandal of 2009 broke my heart as a football fan, this game did it again.
it was not clear and obvious... keep saying "it was not a goal" over and over, doesn't change the fact that they reviewed it and found nothing to overturn the decision.
This guy is clearly a arsenal fan
When it goes against him, then he says it’s waste of time but it’s great when it goes for him. He must be punished because VAR has disallowed goals for him before. When he defeated Man City over time, he was happy.
Arsenal didnt 'lose' 3 points. They lost out on 1 point at most.
Brits trying to cover their srew ups  like nothing has happened. Typical maybe high five to italians?
It's no longer VAR, it's actually turned into SAR (Saudi Assisted Referee) or SCR (saudi corrupted referee). It's BS
It's a goal for me and I have no bias with either team....Have a look at corner kicks.The ball always looks outside the quadrant.
Defending was weak, and GK made an error, Arsenal didn't deserve to win. Everything else is just excuses.
Match fixing. Plain and simple. Referees have been very blatant in their match fixing the last two years.  Arsenal, Liverpool and United have all been repeatedly screwed over by the referees.
Get rugby union to Aficet
All these mugs that support big teams finally getting the odd decision going against them. Welcome to our world for the last 30 years if you’re not one pf the “big 6”
Goal did stand live with it
Wouldn’t count that as beaten we were robbed
I get they're hard done by from it but their fans racially abusing Joe willock (who is a fan of arsenal and one of their academy products) and bruno G after the game is a disgrace I don't have any sympathy for them at all now
Var is a complete mess. Why can't they sort it out when other sports have. Rugby is 1000× times more definitive. Fiba basketball world cup referees go to monitor, ask for multiple angles and duscuss between themselves. And all of this is shown live to audience. Whether you agree with outcome is subjective on certain decisions but at least you get to see why referee came to that conclusion. Premier league and Var is a joke
Best league in the world has turned into clown league
HWTL!
That ball is 100% in play, nobody understands basic geometry. People actually pay Sky for these opinions, wow.
It happens to all and I think we need some kinda smart A.I not referees 😂
Report about this, but what about the horrendous VAR process and decisions in the Wolves and the Man United games on the same day?  These issues are not every 5 weeks, its almost every game every week! It only surfaces in the media when it happens in a big game. Joe Linton and Bruno are also victims, if the right calls had been made, neither man would be facing these racists calls. VAR has made them targets of hate.
They are doing it intentionally....how can not detected one error in 3 incidents... Rubbish
we deserved the win anyway.  Ball wasn't over the line
I am getting tired of the so called offside technology when there are close fine margins. The decision must be based on the receiving player’s position WHEN the ball is kicked. There is no definition of when a ball is kicked. There is no current technology that accurately determines when a ball is kicked. Is it when the boot or body part touches the ball or is it when the ball moves after the contact. Video cannot do this. Currently a close decision must have a short time allowance to allow for the inaccuracy.
When VAR checks for  3 decisions, and they are all inconclusive… the benefit of the doubt for the goal shouldn’t have allowed. Well done to Newcastle, they certainly were on high substance.
The best league in the world??? Embarrassing!!! So many controversial decisions...
If VAR wasn't there, the goal would have stood.  FACT.
Of course there is lots of cameras that seen that go out they just ain't showing them
Weird how not much is said of Bruno G assault on Jorghino, Tha fact he didn't even get a yellow for that stinks of corruption.
The VAR should be set up next to field near the dugout and not miles away. So the refrees can go and talk to the var in person
VAR is ruining football for me.. there's just as many controversies and subjective opinions than before VAR..it doesn't enhance anything ( except goal line technology) ..it ruins the goal scoring moment
We just need to stop watching all games coz we are wasting our money
There's so much corruption in football that you'd think the system is controlled by the Mafia.
Melissa is so fit! Lovely presenter.
Mourinho is not the one saying this. If he were the one, the British media would kill him.
Always benifits the middle eastern teams and the refs take money for reffing games in saudi. Got to be a dope if you don't see whats happening?
BE HONEST IF THIS WAS LUTON , FOREST , PALACE , WOLVES INSTEAD OF ARSENAL , MAN UTD ,SPURS ETC IT WOULD HAVE BEEN BRUSHED OFF NO PROBLEM THATS THE BIGGER ISSUE .
It's a shame what we see and then they tell you the best league, despite the enormous technology, Arsenal is unfair to the world, a refereeing scandal.
It is either VAR incompetence or corruption. Nothing else can explain these strange decisions, PGMOL should be investigated by independent investigators to rule out any corruption. It is simple as that.
Up the Toon ❤. It’s happened to us all, get over it and show your strength..... we won by pure hard work 💪🏼
Why don't clubs that get the rub of the green with contentious decisions like this simply surrender the points to the opposition ? No ? Thought not. Quit whining ffs or take up refereeing yourselves if you think mistakes should never happen.  Sick of all the belly aching now.
Nothing wrong with the goal, well done Newcastle.
why were there 3 var checks???
The on field decision was a goal. VAR unable to definitively say it wasm't a goal. Decision based on those facts means the goal stands. Further more. Why are sky reporters and Arteta saying they lost out on 3 points? Arsenal had 1 feeble attempt at goal. 1 point lost if that.
suddenly people want to unite against bad officiating when it affects Arsenal and Liverpool but it's been affecting all the teams they play for years
Pretty privilege
Liverpool and Arsenal get a possibly bad decision and the media and footballing aristocracy go into meltdown the other 37 teams obviously not including Manu get a bad decision and no a word. This game is so bent everyone else can get a bad decision but three teams in the league are not allowed to or nothing else can be spoken about. Good luck to Newcastle after all it's normally teams like them going to Arsenal who  get robbed by an obvious foul that goes unpunished leading to a goal. `Either, make sure every decision is correct or accept some will be flawed but dont pick and choose because a team sponsored by the league and establishment gets one rough decision when normally its the teams they play who get shafted.
EPL is fixed😂😂
Why don’t we have the same tech as the World Cup?
The guys logic seems to be that because it was inconclusive it shouldn't have been given? The logic is stupid and it just feels like a sour Arsenal fan.  I agree about the technology argument. It should be clear that not even Arteta couldn't even decide what the goal should have been disallowed for.  This just feels like people jumping on the lack of clarity of the camera angles it shouldn't have been given.  Also, totally glossed over that harvetz should have been sent off.
The bottom line is this…….if Kai Havertz was sent off for his dangerous tackle, then this goal would have been moot as Newcastle would have scored plenty more goals.   Arsenal should be happy they only lost by 1.
If all managers came out on Liverpools saga and say no to this, atleast this wouldn't have happened may be, but many managers keep silent because it's not on their side but not knowing anytime this will happen to many, VAR demolished out beautiful football
VAR was never going to live up to the ridiculous expectation of some pundits that the game of football was suddenly going to be transformed to a utopian existence where every decision is called correct.  VAR is just a tool to provide assistance to the on field referee. However if the camera angle is not in the right place or there is no footage that can conclusively prove yes or no then the on field decision stands. Simple as that.
When MUFC and Liverpool complained, they said we are moaning. Now its Arsenal turn to face the wrath of VAR. But I agree with Arteta the stakes are high and the league should have better technology considering the money involved in the premier league.
His argument isn’t “the goal shouldn’t have been allowed”. His argument is “why can’t VAR make up referees minds for them”. No technology in the world can do that. The point is this - with the technology available to the officials, there was no way they could be SURE that a) the ball went out of play, b) it was definitely because of contact from Joelinton and not a dive for the ball that Gabriel hit the deck and c) Gordon was offside. So the onfield decision remained - it was a goal, it is a goal and it will remain a goal.
Of course the London centric football media say it shouldn't of stood. The ball wasn't out bein sports proved it and there must be conculsive evidence to rule out a goal, you cant think or guess you must know for sure so Darren is a moron for that take. Gabriel was already on his way down and joelinton was competeing for the ball and ghe offsude waz inconclusive so again the goal had to stand. Imagine VAR officials ruling something out on a gut feeling with no evidence the media would crucify them depending on which club was on the wrong end of the call. Joelinton was shoved over and a penalty should of been given before Murphy crossed the ball, not a word said about that, Havertz tried to end Longstaffs career and only got a yellow and to top it all willock and bruno were racially abused. Newcastle didn't get the memo, they are not supposed to beat the top teams because the media just wont have it. They are all biased journalists.
"We know that they're not purposely trying to arrive at the wrong conclusions."  Are you sure about that? These refs work part time in the Saudi League and let's not forget the the saudis are pumping huge amounts of money at City and Newcastle, so you don't have to be a genius to put two and two together.  There's no other explanation because the refereeing in the Premier League has been absolutely shambolic ever since VAR was implemented and even with video replays they consistently make the wrong calls, then issue an apology the next day and the next weekend it happens again.   You can say that refs are human and make mistakes once in a while, but that excuse simply doesn't cut it when it's happening as often as it is in the Premier League.   This is blatant corruption, but you are simply afraid to say it like it is because you're working in television and don't want to lose your job.
No conclusive proof of any infringement = no goal because we need more cameras 😂  Good point you utter dunce.  No clear and obvious error = stick with the onfield decision as in cricket or rugby sport where the VAR is lauded. Yes it was right on the line, but being close to being a foul doesn’t make it a foul.  Yes the media landscape is changing and garbage analysis like this thankfully will soon be in the bin.
Could have used "Subjective Offsides" to disallow the goal!
Kudos to Melissa  for working between the SKY and the BBC
VAR discussions have to be aired in real time. Why are PL referee's so protected, when the likes of Rugby and Cricket they are not. It stinks. If they cant get it right, then get rid of it. Fans cant even celebrate a goal until VAR has done it utmost to find a way to disallow it. I'd rather mistakes made due to human error at the time of the incident, than have human error 5 mins after it.
Typical Arsenal small club mentality. Arsenal didn’t lose the game because of VAR they lost because they had one shot on target. Maybe that’s the reason why Arsenal never won anything in europe because and nothing major domestically for last 20 years.
VAR did NOT need to overrule on field referee decision regarding the push, VAR simply needed to tell to on-field referee to have a look at the on-field monitor and decide for himself whether Gabriel was pushed or not. At that point there was gonna be only 1 outcome... the goal should have been rightly disallowed. They asked the on-field referee to review the pull on Rodri in the Manchester derby, but they failed to ask the referee to review an even more Evident Push with BOTH hands on the defender? VAR is a disgrace, as simple as that.
Can you differentiate a deliberate push and a deliberate fall? If yes then your’ re a gifted child😂
What isnt helpful, are still photographs or slow motion videos, as you can take a snippet and it can look way worse than it really was. Talking about Jolinton hands on here; We have to allow some physicality. With regards to the football- both teams defensively were very good so to say it wasnt great, not sure what game was being watched by the sky team. Yeah goals on target werent in abundance, but that was to the credit of both sides.
Look at the scoreboard
why could we not just get a proper angle whether the ball went over the line or not? Really frustrating when the technology is there
If it’s inconclusive that it should have been ruled out it’s also inconclusive that it should have stood. Awarding it under that circumstance is a much bigger decision than ruling it out. I don’t understand why given all the infractions that VAR didn’t recommend the actual official go to the screen. Let the actual official make such a big and complicated decision.
Garnachos goal was ruled offside. Just get on with it.
Its only designed to help out for clear and obvious decisions. Otherwise the technologies needed woukd cost a fortune. Is it worth a fortune to get it right? Maybe.
The most ironic manager in the league, laughed when a factually good goal was ruled out against Spurs by Liverpool, said the refs are doing their best and you basically cannot get mad if a mistake happens, then this..... life comes at you fast
It is a worrying trend for the FA to charge someone who talks the truth.Any team couldn't be happy with the decision taken against Arsenal FC in that match.
Arsenal should have been down to ten men . Yes the ball was out of play  . No complaints from arsenal against Liverpool . Scrap VAR .
var is a mess in the prem atm
VAR officials in this game, Andy Madley & Stuart Burt, takes officiating jobs in the Saudi league which is owned by Saudi PIF which also owns Newcastle.  This is not incompetence, this is corruption.
If three infractions are inconclusive how can you award the goal?
How can they not find a camera angle when they have a camera by the corner bit cause it wasn’t that far from there and surely it could reach from there 😂😂
Bigger fish to fry and all that.
Aside from the bs of this goal standing BRUNO SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN ON THE PITCH IN THAT SECOND HALF FULLSTOP. Why is that not looked at by the officials after incident!?!? Disgrace!!!
We have seen some horrendous calls this season and yesterday we had plenty more.  United scored a good goal that got yet another special treatment to be removed again.  And then ofc Wolves once again added by the Newcastle goal.  The ball looked as much out as the Rashford incident earlier during the Brighton game but now the goal stood after two handed push, handball and none resolved offside on top of it.   Somehow - some teams get goals checked and given, while other teams get their goals checked and removed for less.   What a joke.
Arteta & Arsenal should look themselves in the mirror- They did NOT do enough to win the match. They ONLY had ONE short on goal, could have had Kai Havarrd sent off- compared to Liverpool have 4 red cards- that was tackle was FAR WORSE than ALL THE 4 RED CARDS given to Liverpool players!!! English OFFICIALS are USELESS!!!
I think what Arteta said in the past doesn’t matter. Klopp was right before and Arteta is right now. It’s embarrassing that the Premier League is in the place it is now. They need to do better
If all three decisions are debatable, which they are, it's not a clear and obvious error so the goal stands. It's really as simple as that.   1. No proof the ball was out 2. Gabriel didn't end up in the position he was in because of Joelinton, he was dipping down to head the ball. It's debatable how much contact Joelinton actually made. 3. There was no camera angle for offside.  On field decision was goal, not enough evidence to overturn it, so it stands.
valid points by the guy but don't get it twisted. this is pure corruption. stuff like NEVER happens AGAINST newcastle or city. The countries that pump billions into football definetly have a few mill to "oil" the refs. its obvious
About time Sky Sports gave up the Anti NUFC bias & sucked it up.  The onfield decission of the ref was a goal ( one of the only decissions he got correct ).  VAR is there to assist the ref & could find no clear reason not to allow the goal.  Without VAR it was a goal.  If this was a bottom of the table game we would have heard nothing about it.  Grow up & suck it up, the only embarrasing thing I saw was an entitled manager crying ...Boo Hoo Arteta!
So the man utd goal should stand then???
United had the goal ruled out when rashford passed it and it ws over the line, how can you get it in 1 game and not another?
I think we’re to the point where we need the technology that they used in the World Cup or at least what they use for tennis. We shouldn’t be arguing about whether a ball is out or not. The ref’s should be judging the part that human judgement is needed for (fouls). Not offsides or if the ball is out. That shouldn’t be opinion, it should be fact
These debates are senseless....they won't change a thing. If they disallowed Manchester United goal, what was so different with this one? 1:21 1:21 1:26
Inconsistent and corruption of VAR
Arsenal had no 3 points they'd had to actually score for that. Haha
The fun and sport has gone from football.
VAR is not the problem here, the ref is the problem here when he didn't managed to red card Haverz, but instead gave Newcastle players 3 yellow cards. The game took the nasty turn it did because of incompetent refereeing. We are seeing this more on more in the EPL. Very poor standard of referring in English football and VAR has probably added to this.
This topic is being over complicated.  More accountability, more transparency is the ONLY step PGMOL can take to improve things.
It’s very unfortunate, when u look at all the other top European leagues, they all have a proper tech and u don’t see this kind of unfortunate situation and the refs are very competent …. But in the epl a so called best league in the world the refs and VAR officials are  incompetent and very average……
If Rugby can do it right, why can’t the PL?  Pure corruption.
Without vat this is still a goal
it was a goal. var did it's job
If we extend the goal line 6 inches then the answer is yes.
The fix was in.
You can clearly see grass between the ball and the white line. How is that inconclusive? Unless there is another camera angle we weren’t shown that proves otherwise the ball was out according to var.
hahaha
Get male presenters on footy ffs who thinks this is a good idea 👍🏼.
reddy nails it perfectly.. hypocrisy of tribal football … now suck it - great goal given by on field lol
Melissa Reddy dresses like this to detract from her poor presentations... 🤔🤨😏🙄
That racism is almost guarantied to originate from African / Arab twitter accounts.  You see it everyweek
NO.
Sometimes I think these refrees are paid. And sometimes I think it's all benefiting Man City.
Goal aside the officials were pretty crap from start to finish.
Haha arsenal. Haha arteta
before VAR came in i thought it would be like the rugby which is brilliant and works. From what i have seen is shambolic and corrupt. They need to sort it out now.
Get rugby refs to train the football refs.. they don't know how to use the technology or communicate
Everyone arguing about VAR - it's very simple. The referee gave it on field. Without VAR there wouldn't be an argument other than the ref was rubbish. VAR is there to overrule a glaring mistake. No evidence of this so it stands. The only reason we're talking about it is because the Arsenal manager thew his dollies out the pram. Can you imagine Howe doing that? No. So grow and just accept it.
Now Arsenal fans will get some respect for Klopp and LFC for their handling of even a worse error by VAR, and remember, Klopp Did Not Demand a replay!
Most decisions are subjective and thats where the controversy lies. No check gave any reason to disallow the goal, deeming it not clear and obvious. Stop making a big thing of a non event
all i know is arsenal bottled it again 😢😂
Blaa was not over crybaby arsenal fans, stop looking at a pic from a wonky area, THE BALL IS SPHERE NOT SQAURED
The Football officiating controversies will continue as long as Football there. Officials interpret the VAR and pass their decision always subjected to personal level of understanding football rule on paper that need interpretion on the ground pitch practically. But until this time Am in nightmare when remembering the disallowed Luiz Diaz goal that officials done by being on different page regarding the match they all supposed to officiate together.
So can anyone say 100% the ball went out? No, remember the Spain vs Japan game?  Can anyone say 100% Gordon was offside? No  So the only talking point is did Joelinton commit a foul, this is subjective, some people will say yes and some will say no.   So this isn’t anywhere near one of the craziest decisions  at all.   Newcastle fans would have felt equally gutted if the goal was chalked off.
Can’t wait till an Algorithm comes in place to replace referees. Maybe then the PGMOL will understand they need to coach their referees to be more competent
The biggest issue I find is this. Linesman are instructed to let play come to an end and let VAR review the decision as to if it was offside. Now any linesman in that game would flag that as out of play 99% of the time. However they have to wait for VAR to review it. So now it goes to VAR and they rule it “inconclusive” so on field decision stands. But the on field decision is forced that way because they have to wait for VAR to review it so it’s a cycle. It’s stupid that they even have it as inconclusive they should extend the tech for goal line along the entire backline. But as I said this whole forcing the lineman’s into that decision and VAR then saying stick with on field decision which is forced into that result… 0 sense there
Reddy is almost impossible to listen to
Var needs a red card...
honestly the FA is a joke and doesn't help that presenters are pandering towards them, VAR is trash and always will be with the people in charge of it
Arteta bleating on.......what he failed to mention is the fact Arsenal had one...yes  ONE shot on target the whole game. That shot went straight into Popes hands. If his team fail to create scoring chances , don't blame every man and his dog for their failure to gain any points, regardless of what else happened during the game.
beIN Sports had the technology to prove it was in play. No idea with all the funding sky has why they don't have the technology to prove this. The Joelinton push and offside their is an argument however it's my understanding that they give the benefit of the doubt to the attacker. Bruno the speed of play is key to why his forearm isn't a red card, Yes most likely it was the case of violent conduct due to frustration, but at the same time, Bruno could argue he put his arm up to protect himself. Havertz there's no argument to be made. He lunged into the tackle with his studs showing. But if both players were sent off, they'd be no controversy. Biggest mistake tonight was the Havertz red or lack of.
VAR is making decisions on teams investments worth millions of US Dollars and they are not been thorough enough about them. Football has ceased to be a game... it is a business
Absolutely ZERO sympathy for Arteta! When Liverpool’s goal wasn’t given, his quote at the time was “mistakes happen”. Now it’s Arsenal on the receiving end, it’s “embarrassing & a disgrace”. Dias’ goal was FACTUALLY wrong, whereas all of Arteta’s points are subjective & unprovable. He’s quickly becoming the Prems most detested manager.  Same old Arteta, ALWAYS MOANING!!
I always think there’s corruption in football
Tottenham we’re top of the league because they gained 2 points that they shouldn’t have!!!
Oil money ruining football
With the Liverpool game, one could argue it was a "mistake", which they admitted after the fact. The problem with the Arsenal one is, there were THREE instances that could have been called out (four if you include the possible handball, which wasn't looked at). Now, one can say one of those was a "mistake". But ALL THREE??? I smell something, and it ain't good. And this is whether you support Newcastle or Arsenal.
Premier league should sack the PGMOL and get refs in via UEFA. Too many incorrect decision this season.
It's nothing to do with the VAR but referee bias
Well done Melissa
Mistakes being this big and this frequent starts to look suspicious. It's beyond incompetence and is starting to look like blatant corruption.
They got this correct
The biggest money in football on the earth is in PL. But they can't afford line cameras. A go pro or a mobile phone on a tripod would suffice.
I presume United's goal that was disallowed even though it was perfectly fine will be discussed and debated this much? No? Of course not.
Give the linesmen go pros?
If the area of the ball which is touching the grass in the best shot they have is over and not touching the line then it’s out. Just make that the new rule and then this can be consistent across every decision. Seems so weird that it’s done by how the ball looks and not physical contact like tennis
An absolute disaster
Clearly a goal. VAR correct once again. Arsenal whingers in the wrong.
It really was embarrassing decision. Goal should've been disallowed. Period.
Arteta deserves a fine and possibly a ban as he does it every week.  No matter how many cameras you have there will always be blind spots.  At that point go with on field decision, which was goal.  VAR was trying to find a reason to overturn an on field decision.  None was found and so goal stands.
Disgraceful decisions on a weekly basis.
I honestly think there is matchfixing happening. Simple example like the Luis Diaz disallowed goal last month. This VAR is chaotic and we are losing the essence of football. This needs to be reviewed by all teams and i think it should completely be scrapped. Somebody is getting a financial kickback.
It is irritating from the pgmol, this is shocking , why is it only in england, go & look at other leagues for gods own sake, england is corrupt, the officials are corrupt, this right here is pure match fixing, nothing no one can tell me anything else. This is corruption, pure corruption, goddamn corruption.
As a spurs fan, I absolutely approve of this goal 😂
Goal all day. The ball stayed in play, The defender was just weak. Newcastle deserved the win. Arsenal manager was way out of line. The non-red card was more of a taking point than the goal. Arsenal get the benefit of that and throw a wobbler about the goal.
How’s this inconclusive but weeks ago at the Utd vs Brighton game it’s not ….. consistency is needed and get the cameras where they are needed
Let's be fair: The ONLY solution is to have in VAR room people from outside, no corrupted PGMOL, no corrupted FA officials, there should be someone who has NOTHING to do with those people who enjoy impunity in this current situation. Also - same as players - referees should be allowed to come from abroad and do their job that they deserved with their previous work anywhere. As long as this id not allowed - the corruption is the only thing being protected. In order to save English football, police should start asking questions.  UEFA says "no politics in football", but they do not say anything about allowing crime in football. It is not a miracle that there is more integrity in leagues of Saudi Arabia, Russia, Japan, you name it..
GOAL suck it up would Eddie of behaved like Arteta  no throw the book at him.
Arsensl manager cry baby
Everyone hates Newcastle all going in on us , and that tart saying Arsenal robbed of 3 points , like it was a given we defended so well  and give them a game
I do like this segment every week, especially if Darren Lewis is on
Toon Toon Toon
We were not beaten were robbed
Puting aside errors made by VAR, what about the application of the same judgement on similar incidents  differently?? Why was Hojlandz goal disallowed and yet Rashford got ball closer to the line than the Newcastlez case??
How do we have goal line technology, but kno technology to tell if the ball has passed the same line or not.. The only deference is th line is not in front of the gaol.
I really cant stand the new ‘OffSide’ standards and calls where it’s literally his jersey  or ear making him offside, ridiculous IMHO & should mote then half a body obviously or some agreed amount and the flag should go up as it happens!
New Castle vs Liverpool - Red card for Van Dijk which should have been yellow  New Castle vs Wolves - Penalty wrongly awarded  New Castle vs Arsenal - Its a disgrace  Looks like The Saudi Owners have bought the whole FA 👏
@if anybody has watched the rugby world cup - Nobody watched the rugby world cup because nobody watches rugby.  Probably because of the TMO taking all day to make a decision.
I have an idea ,let's cancel the goal and replay the game until Arsenal win,can all of those passing judgement on the goal being cancelled please let everyone know if they are in any way associated with Arsenal...
You all having pity on var I'm a football fan I play it and I live it when var made their mistakes don't matter which team one they mess up they mess up epl need to get the right var like Spanish Italian French and German league and stop mess the epl
Arteta is a poor man’s Pep. Arsenal bottling title wasn’t close. City had title wrap up early April and won title by 5 points and relaxed last few games. Wasn’t even close. Unlike Liverpool who lost by 1 point twice and in both seasons lost 8-10 due to var and referee biased and cheating    But saying that. To make a change most of the clubs need to not let this go and back arsenal for the good of football. To start the var and refs Audio has to be made public and live. This will force them to improve and the cheating will have to take other forms
I saw nothing wrong with the goal tbh but I don't even understand the rules now hahaha
The mistake that was made yesterday is just highlighting that Liverpool was actually right in what they was saying when it’s actually proving that the FA is wrong. The FA need to really get a grip. As Melissa rightly said, there is millions of pound around the game of English football but we just having the same mistakes made and conversations being had week in week out.
I’m a Newcastle fan and thought ball was out of play. If the goal hadn’t stood, think we would be having the Havertz conversation.
Wtf witch EPL is against Arsenal.
If you really want to improve the VAR decision making process, get Wayne barnes to work alongside Howard Webb. Barnes is the best rugby union referee in the game. He's just retired. The clear and concise communication in rugby is missing in football. Football can incorporate aspects of TMO into VAR. It feels like the VAR officials are afraid to make decisions whereas in rugby the communication they respect the accountability and transparency in the decision making process.
More linesmen running ?
In the last few weeks we've beaten City and the story was about how they fielded a weak team when we were playing our B and C team, we've beaten Man United and the story was all about how they're in crisis, and we've beaten Arsenal and the story is all about VAR. We've been absolutely amazing in all three games whilst we're in the middle of an injury crisis and all the Tonali stuff going on off the pitch. Arsenal had ONE shot on goal last night and failed to score for the first time in 17 games. Surely we're doing something right!?
That was very close for  those that don't know the rules if any part of the circumference of the ball is above the white line then it would be still in does not matter if the ball touches down beyond the line if part of it was still above the line then that is in I would favour the attacker hear as from the picture it's not definitively in or out.
What about the VAR system that was used during the world cup? There is enough money in the Premier League to fix the issue.
Newcastle shouldn’t complain tbh, as they did win in the end. But for Arsenal, a whole other story. Perhaps VAR were spurs supporters in disguise to make the club the only one undefeated. Because if it’s true, they did a great job 🙄
Mikel Arteta is embarrassing. Do you think if that decision had gone the other way Eddie Howe would have reacted in any way remotely like that? Especially after Havertz' non-red card when he was blatantly going for the player and nothing else. How many straight reds have we seen already this season for a lot less than that? (Yes, Bruno should also have been sent off). The new images that have come out today show that the ball wasn't out of play. Foul could have gone either way but plenty of former players and pundits today are saying a centre-back needs to be much stronger than that and it wasn't a foul, which I agree with. And the offside was inconclusive. If he's that angry about not winning they maybe should have tried being good enough to have more than one shot all game.
The ball out of play doesn't even matter in my opinion and should be out of scope for VAR, you play to the whistle and a ball being slightly in or slightly out of play in this instance have any relation to what happened after. The foul - that happens 50 times a game none of which a foul is given for, the game was high intensity and physical, that challenge fell into the same category. The concerning part is the offside which it seems obvious it must have been. An Arsenal player cannot knock the ball forward when its behind him.  Also the decision didn't cause Arsenal to lose 3 points, they didn't score so at best they lost 1.
It's Arsenal, of course it should of been a goal, VAR has sparked AFTV back into life and we are all grateful
Darren i commend you for standing up for Arteta  , i think its time managers who feel agrieved about daylight robbery eg Klopp , Arteta etc should take on the ref association or the premier league to sort the probldm once and for all period
Just look at a try at the corner in rugby.cameras pick up a players toe touching outside the line before he touches down. No try no berate. Football var is a joke
Ok don't compare rugby and football when it comes to VAR TMO Rugby has had years of video analysis cricket too. Only recently has rugby made audio available for fans. Rugby games and most other sports have a pause or break for the correct decision to come about. Football we don't have a pause or break in play. Fans don't have patience because they know the clock carries on ticking unlike in rugby. If there's a 2 min break in rugby the whole crowd just listens to music and chills. Football is just built different
That was never a Goal. VAR is disgrace.
@ 7:10 the ball is clearly out of play. How can anyone say that it's in? You can see the whole of the line, there is no way part of that ball is overhanging the line. So if that was on the goal line itself it's no goal?! Seriously LOL.
Referees do not make decisions in these situations and are waiting for VAR to bail them out. This makes it worse when VAR is inconclusive. I strongly suspect the referee would have disallowed this goal if there was no VAR.
All I hear is potential this, for me that, inconclusive yadda yadda... Wanting to overturn the on field decision and disallow a goal of that basis is ludicrous. Arteta is the discrace singing a completely different tune to when his team got 50-50 decisions in their favor in the past. He's just crying to the media to deflect from Arsenal having only one single, harmless shot on goal.
Just get rid of VAR ffs. Go back to the ref decision is final. Its no worse than whats going on now
says it’s not a goal but can’t explain why, says all evidence is inconclusive apart from having ‘two hands on his back’, which btw isn’t a foul, it’s at most a subjective call on the foul… feel like I’m going crazy, everyone thinks it’s not a goal but nobody knows why
Somehow the ball wasn't round when Liverpool's Jones got a straight red from a still picture 😮😮😮😮😮
VAR wasn't brought in to disallow goals. It was brought in to get rid of any clear and obvious decisions. Although it took longer than you want it was the correct decision. All 3 decisions were not clear and obvious. From some angles the ball looks out, from others it looks in.   The foul is not a foul. It wouldn't be giving anywhere else on the pitch
Well said Melissa Reddy. That is the most clair and direct statement regarding this issue as well as Arteta now on the recieving end. Not so funny is it Arteta 😂😂😂
Its a foggin disgrace
Shambolic officiating has become a trademark for Premier League football.
Would not be asking for a rep.ay would ,after all mistakes do happen 😂😂😂😂
Wtf does VAR mean by “No conclusive evidence??”
Melissa is ❤
Where’s the “subjective offside” discussion for the Utd game?? 🤣
It makes you wonder why they can't move over to the same system as rugby officiating.. makes me wonder if there is corruption in the game, as most decisions seem to aid the clubs with the most money..
Don’t let it distract you from the fact there was a crappy disallowed goal at FULMUN the same day nobody is talking about. “Subjective offside” my arse
Wtf is up with people fake-quoting Arteta?
What a media muppets 😂  You are forgetting that like 10 years ago we would never even talk post-match about this goal. Arsenal were pathetic yesterday. They deserved nothing from this game and got nothing from it. Unfortunately they will never learn their lesson and this kind of behaviour will doom this group of players to never touch a silverware.
The issue here is that if they don’t have proper cameras what were they hoping to check in the VAR review when the ball went out??? It was clearly going to be close to the line so without the right cameras the “best” conclusive evidence is that image that shows the ball outside of the line. If they argue the ball’s curve might have been above the line, I would argue there is just no way for them to check that so how on earth can they ever make a fully conclusive call on a similar situation, their calls should be based on the best available evidence. Same with the push on Gabriel. They say it wasn’t a strong enough push, how do they measure that?? The best available evidence is the image with 2 hands on his back and him falling over. What kind of conclusive evidence would have changed that call? What do they need to see to give that as a foul? It is a foul and everybody would demand that as a foul if it was against their team.
Mikel didn’t think it was a disgrace in the Man U - Wolves game or Liverpool- Tottenham?
The PGMOL has too much power that's the problem, they need oversight!
Arteta was rather describing himself.
Arsenal's performance was a disgrace and an embarrassment!!!
People keep misquoting Arteta. I didn’t see any manager that said that decision against Liverpool was correct. It obviously wasn’t. Most did agree that the game can’t be replayed and you have to move on from it.   That’s exactly what Arteta was saying and that’s exactly what he said in the interview after the game yesterday. He said it’s too late now and we have to move on.   Stop taking a snippet of a quote when you don’t have any context.
the issue with VAR in the premier league is that all of these referees are complicating the rules and giving out different opinions. why can't they speak together and they have a talk among the them like the referees in rugby then we will see whether indeed they speak the same language. VAR team are scared of ruling against referees on these decisions so they default back to the referee. the TV should be used all the time with VAR
U see the difference in the media with VAR when its Arsenal, she said nothing conclusive too disallow the goal 😂, I swear the pictures clearly tell u the ball was out of play, when this was Liverpool the other day everyone was going crazy
As a Newcastle fan we have watched Manu, Chelsea, Man City, Liverpool and Arsenal get lucky decisions against Newcastle and we took it.    Get over it.  Newcastle deserve their luck right now, so stop crying.   The harder you work, the luckier you get....
Wolves have now had 4 bad decisions that have cost us valuable points - all because Howard Webb is weak, and VAR is a shameful tool of corruption. isn't it funny Arab owned clubs are getting all the decisions in their favour? Coincidence? Follow the money trail... it's no longer a "sport" it's just the WWE ... sports entertainment where it's all scripted and run by the corrupt PGMOL/FA/EPL....
As a totally unbiased outside neutral observer I say that it was a goal all day long.
Only way this will stop is if all teams come together! But never will happen bcuz ppl like the downfall on other clubs
Arsenal we’re robbed v Brentford last season no one gave a f u c k then
Atleast these pundits have been honest unlike Garry Neville, thumbs up. I like them
To anyone who hates Arsenal: the game was taken away unfairly out of the hands of the players. They should be the ones impacting the game. When player elbows/punches another player in the head, that’s a Red Card, regardless of if it is seen immediately or not. VAR is there to keep people safe and enforce the rules, and they failed in that instant. Kai’s tackle was low, and his back leg caught the Newcastle player. A yellow was proper, despite the chatter from the home crowd (the main reason for the shouts of red). The goal had 3 major instances to be revoked, and as the crew mentioned, this chaos is unacceptable. The game is impacted by lack of rules being enforced. If we wanted no officials, this would be broadcasted Sunday league. But if we want the best league in the world, things must change.
Var is a joke snd remember its the people using it its not a goal simple as arsenal were robbed .Also how did var not intervene for Bruno elbow he should be in ufc 😂😂😂😂 .
Not sure why no one is brave enough to say they do not trust the officials anymore. These errors seem to much to be coincidental in my opinion. I recall an offside call against Newcastle that took so long for the linesman to raise his flag during the last 10 minutes of this same Newcastle vs Arsenal game. Could the officials as human beings be corrupt, or have conscious/unconscious biases? Can someone present a simple graphic data on these presumed errors as they have affected each premier league side since the beginning of the season or period like the calendar year? I could be wrong but I expect Arsenal to be given an undeserved favorable decision against say a Burnley or Luton by the officials sooner or later and they will then tell us, see, see, it cancels out! Why do we believe referees' instinct is not to frustrate the VAR experiment so refs can go back to being overlords on us fans the world over.
I really cannot comprehend why people are blaming VAR for this one. VAR exists to advise the referee in case of a CLEAR AND OBVIOUS ERROR. If they cannot say one way or the other whether there is an error, they CANNOT overrule the on pitch decision.
just look at the photo upside down you can see the ball is out, its that simple
Forget the rest, Gabriel was shoved which impeded him from heading the ball. It was a shove with both arms extended so it was so easy to give a foul. Any Sunday morning ref would give it, why not these supposed professionals. If a player is launching to head a ball even a small nudge will knock them over. A foul anywhere on the pitch.
Lush goal.
As long as they have corrupt refs officiating this league, I will continue to stream these games without paying😂
Facts are  >The ball wasn't out >It wasn't a foul as Saliba was already diving cos he felt hands on his back > wasn't offside > Havertz should have been sent off > Arteta should be punished Stop crying Newcastle were the best team in the end of the day. 😢
has anyone since la ligas offside tech. Very solid
If these three are the standard of Sky Sports, I am pleased I don’t pay for it anymore.
Love how this is such a tragedy but Arsenal had nothing to say about their City win chicanery
It was correct, they assessed each incident, none were conclusive, on the pitch decision is the one that takes priority in each. The only one that could have been fixed is the offside if they had the CL semi-auto technology because the ball wouldn't be obscured to the AI.
Arsenal fan here, we didn’t deserve to win. But we did not deserve to lose. If anything the stats tilt in our favour. VAR officials need to be held accountable otherwise all this work and effort from teams is worth nothing, because it’s not a level playing field when every controversial decision somehow benefits City. If that’s not a shove on Gabriel then it’s open season boys and I hope we see attackers shove defenders left right and centre. They didn’t even think Bruno’s was a red card when it was as evident as it gets that it was premeditated with an intent to harm, good precedent they’re setting.   For those of you that will bring up Kai’s foul, where was the reds for Kovacic against us? He had 2 fouls worse than that and he stayed on the pitch. No consistency apart from when it hurts the City contenders then all of a sudden VAR comes in to fix the mistakes. Personally didn’t think the Ref was at fault, he kept the game flowing and tried not to ruin it with a Red, but VAR is being used for all the wrong reasons. If the tech isn’t available to make decisions then the tech shouldn’t be used to pull back on play. It seems to me they use it when and how they feel like and it some how again only benefits one team.
Sky and VAR work together all corrupted
joelinton had every right to challenge for that ball, hence the right deciscion was made.
Glad I don’t pay to watch these games😂😂😂joke of a league they can’t even hide their corruption
This is not imcompetence from these referees! Its blatant Corruption!
Does this happen to Man cheat fc i dont think so
Accept it and get on with it, just like rugby players.
And Newcastle loosing 2 points could potentially see them miss out on top 4. VAR did its job couldn't find anything conclusive to disallow the goal. Its a goal MOVE ON!!!
Bein sport proved it was in, Gabriel stooped to head the ball, offside,  too obscure to draw line. Without VAR goal would stand, so stfu.
It was a great Goal,  Arsenal and their fans just don't like the fact they were beaten.  Move on.
Melissa is so smart, effective when talking, just amazing
This feels like a dictatorship
Its not a big league any more in the world, we prefer to watch.Italy, Sapin and Germany leagu. The all referrers might be bribied
Never ever a goal what so ever. Guimares sent off about 2 times what more can you say. But poor from Arsenal but a draw would have been fair
This isnt anything like Liverpool this type of thing happens to other teams too but doesnt get half as much coverage because a london team which believes it deserves to win is affected
As an Arsenal supporter, I was disappointed with Mikel's position on Jurgen Klopp's statement because it smacked of tribalistic self-interest. The short sightedness amazed me because since week one, there have been glaring issues and discrepancies.   When fans are declaring that officials are corrupt and / or inept, this becomes bigger than human frailty or lack of training. The public no longer has any faith in match officials, whether on the field in the var or the match review committee.
Again, if no var is present, the goal stands.
Why is it that only Arsenal lost 3 points? At any point in that match, they never had 3 points, they only had 1 point, only NUFC had 3 points to lose.
wa wa wa .... you cant win a game you dont score in
Very shameful decision by VAR 😮
I think if it was your team who had scored and it had been disallowed because of inconclusive evidence you would be complaining.
Would a goal have been given if it was on the goal line,Tennis use hawkeye, surely that would decide if the ball was out or not, if we use technology then go by its decision
Btw respectfully Arsenal didn't lose 3 points because they weren't going to win. They had ONE shot on target. Max points lots was 1. Tbh neither side looked like winning
Chick in her power suit needs a day off.
Every time a VAR call doesn't favour Liverpool, Arsenal or Manchester United the "experts" are shocked. Maybe because VAR until this season has favoured those 3 teams systematicly!
Pathetic that this even gets airtime. If VAR don't see enough to overrule the on field decision then the on field decision stands. That't it. There is no debate.  What people are basically saying is VAR should overrule the on field decision even though they can see any conclusive evidence to do so.  So ref doesn't give a goal. VAR checks it. They cannot see reason to give the goal but overrule the on field  decision and say give the goal. Ridiculous debate.  Arsenal didn't score. They need a goal to be able to claim losing 3 points.  You were beaten Arsenal. Move on.
She has a nice voice and she explained very well
This black man should sit like a proper masculine grown-up man 🤔
Is Darren an Arsenal fan? Can't take this guy seriously
they say that they don’t have the right camera angle but show a clear image of the ball being out of play so if that is what everyone can see then why not use it to make a decision then the guy is balls deep on gabriel at the back post ridding him like a seventies porn star he then handles the ball and knocks it on to the other guy who is offside the referee doesn’t even look at the monitor should be mandatory to do so absolute robbery and i don’t blame newcastle they played very well but so did arsenal and a draw would have been a fair result that was never a goal on so many different levels
To be honest, when i saw that the ball went out of play and the foul on Gabriel, I was certain that the officials and VAR would make the correct decision and rule the goal out. But they've proved all of us wrong again
So Bruno didn't get a red card after throwing a punch. That's more scandalous than the goal.
Why all this debate over a goal when Liverpool scored a goal against Tottenham with no issues and it wasn’t given
Not out of play  Not a foul  Not offside   You don’t know the laws of football. Time wasters
I do think that Big Ange got if spot on when he said after the Spurs-Liverpool game that 'We have a system operated by Humans', look guys we are involved in a game that we seek the perfect outcome that we are never going to get, so we have to live with it OK?...................The Aussie Spurs Fan.
It's appalling how easy it is for people to believe in fake quote just to support their narrative
no clear and obvious error, the only clear and obvious error is Arteta changing the goalkeeper
Bein sports, used their own  technology based on the angle and position of the ball, just like they did for the Japan goal vs Germany, and have shown that the ball was in play. So these so called "experts" may need to do some reading or research before spouting rubbish
Love to y'all piece ✌️ Tl out
Agree with Melissa. The other managers all rolled their eyes at Klopp and the press turned on him too. Howard Webb needs to be fired, he has destroyed football. He was a terrible ref and now he’s a terrible head of the PGMOL. It’s a boys club that needs an overhaul. Guardiola said it won’t change until they stop making themselves the main character. They literally make themselves the centre of the game every single week. The football and the players aren’t.  What the champions league and Europa league, the VAR decisions are so efficient and you barely know it’s happening cause the refs just do their thing and move on.
Who remembers all the decisions that went against Liverpool at Newcastle? The only reason Liverpool one that match was Darwin Nunez, it felt like Liverpool were against 12 men.... Same against Tottenham....
It isn't VAR that needs getting rid of, it's the FA that needs replacing.
Before thr introduction of VAR fans of very single team would moan about decisions they felt punished their teams, or left thr game thinking we got lucky.  VAR is there to assist, not be the referee, or perfect.  However, VAR has helped to get the majority of decisions correct.  Mistakes get made.  Of course.    But, in my opinion, all that has happened is more people get paid to hold up games, ruin the flow and annoy the fans.  All this,i 'we want to hear the whole transparent process, the recordings, the canera angles in real time, referees to be forces ro explain every decision, such as a simple offside decision, is a farce   Its an offside decision in the tenth game of the season.  In the past they would balance out.    It is not a twenty minute news story, and detracts from the game over ninety minutes.  People say that people forgot the history of the gane before the premier league was introduced.  Now VAR is here, does that invalidate all titles that were won due to the 150 year old systen before it was introduced?.   Why not now strip teams of trophies won if they were awarded a harsh penalty in 1998, or fouled in the lead up to a goal in the third round of the FA cup in 1936?.   Just acceot, mistakes and perfect judgement, even assisted by machines are inevitable.  Meanwhile, racist abuse at the game gets twenty second coverage...
Absolutely no goal, foul before
The ball was out of play, Arsenal always get bad calls with anything with VAR.. martinelli disallowed goal against United which they got an apology for , Brentford offside goal that was given because lines were drawn wrong, another apology, VAR denies sokratis a winner against palace and later admit they were wrong, over turned a penalty against Everton because Pepe was offside but later VAR lines show he was onside and they say they got it wrong , they gave a penalty vs Chelsea against saliba even though it was clearly hand to ball not ball to hand, even John terry said afterwards it was never a penalty, kovacevic clearly should have been shown 2 yellows against Arsenal maybe even a straight red when they played city but again nothing, and again yesterday guimares elbows Jorginho in the head and gets away with it, there’s definitely an agenda against Arsenal..
VAR have affected many clubs. Newcastle had horrendous decisions last year. As the rules stand if var can't prove something then it stays with the referees decision. Arsenal and Newcastle got away with a number of things including players that should of been sent off by both sides but weren't. Noone complained like this when var worked against Newcastle.
Melissa 😊
What a load of rubbish this guy speaks. If they couldn't prove it wasn't a goal, how could they disallow it? Just move on you wally!
Chucky in a Wig  sat in the Middle.
just do away with var its spoiling the game and accept human error as we always used to do ! at least the game will flow again as this stop start is just killing the intensity and flow
Poor Mikel. Saddens me to see him screaming in his cot.
Premier league is corrupt. Moving to bundesliga from now on.
Newcastle definitely got away with one there, i think  ...... i doubt if that goal would have been awarded had the game been played at the Emirates.
Biased sky again. Howay the lads 🖤🤍🖤🤍
Arsenal just didn't play well.
We have lost the game of football
The problem with the role of VAR is its primary purpose is not to get calls correct! Its role is to protect referees from glaring mistakes, otherwise know as “clear and obvious errors.” In other sports, reviews are solely about getting the call right. A complete AI system would do a much more accurate job of officiating, and then we wouldn’t have to worry about officials’ bias (because we all know they have them as does every fan) or influence from state ownership of teams and lucrative reffing opportunities in other countries.
It's a game of football let the ref ref and make the line's man do his job properly
Has since been proved on Bein sports the ball did not go over the line 😂 makes Arteta look ridiculous to go into a rant...and then be WRONG 😂😂
If the boot was on the other foot and the goal was from Arsenal there wouldn't has even been any checks. But because Newcastle beat them everyone is losing their minds.
Where are these inquisitions from the media when MAN UTD constantly end up on the wrong side of poor refereeing decisions as of recent???
Why don’t they just use goalline technology on the other side of goal and corner flag simple it’s happen in the World Cup in the league twice just mitigate before it’s an issue again.
Mistakes happen Mikel 👀🤷🏾‍♂️
Great decision
No , it was an absolute disgrace how that goal was given.
I was surprised the goal was given. One of the worst goals ive ever seen given.
It's over move on
Arteta is a liar. He was not robbed of three points. His team was abject and complete frauds  just like every time they met their match.
So this clown thinks the goal should have been disallowed and then goes on to say the video replay couldnt tell if the ball was over the line (goal stands), wasn't sufficient contact for a foul (goal stands) and was unable to get a clear view for the offside (goal stands). So why should it be disallowed?
Add oil and money = bent refs and VAR to back them up.
'Why should a grown man be sanctioned for saying what he sees'. My friend, if you thought western society equals freedom, you're in for a treat. Especially in the uk😂
Sorry but Arteta did question the Officials ability to make the correct decision. That is he accused them on live TV of incompetence. It seems to me that only one of the decisions is up for discussion. Was there a foul? The other two incidents that were looked at simply came down to no evidence to ask the Referee to review. Under the pre VAR conditions the same decision would have been accepted. If we take the over the line or not first. There is no technology available to the Officials to find a definitive answer as with goal line technology. Hence the on field decision has to be accepted. Like wise with the Off side. The foul decision is a subjective one for the Referee. Remember football is a contact sport. How many times do we hear commentators/Pundits saying that there wasn't enough for it to be given as a foul? Other will think it was. In this case neither Referee or VAR thought there was. For Arteta every decision that goes against Arsenal is wrong.
Can't believe people are stil crying about it 🤣🤣
If it was gabi holding jeliton,that would have been a penalty then y it's not a foul for the defender
Rashford cross against Brighton ball out of play now they are complaining
where is the var expert that usually are on sky. didnt he dare this time.
Arsenal straight robbed, everyone knows it. Ball was out of play, foul on Gabriel, clear foul by the way, and a potential offside. 3 ways that goal should have been disallowed, all 3 are valid reasons why it should have, yet they give it??? Disgrace and unacceptable at this level.
It’s not inconclusive. If that was in the goal there’s no way in the world they wouldn’t say it crossed the line and they’d give it as a goal. Arsenal got a good old fashioned home cooking yesterday and it’s an absolute disgrace.
Where was the video of your panels discussing the decision when similar circumstances happened in the Man United vs Brighton game @Sky Sport?
These rubbish fraud refs are blinded by the Saudi and UAE bribery money in the name of officiating their league. Embarrassing
Ha! Clown. Arteta's meltdown is reflected in the wide behavior of his fans who started racially abusing our players. This has been a trend. Last year they targeted Joelinton. Every time Assenal lose ground on a football pitch they resort to meltdown and abuse. Grow up. If there is not any conclusive evidence of the wrong call, the goal should stand and it did. If you want to help the referees provide them with sufficient tools to do their job. It is not their fault they did not get all camera angles required. Provide the technology instead of paying the executives to bleat non-stop best league in the world.
That ball was out , why can't they look at it from the line angle like every other game. Ex premier league players should be in charge of var
The only thing arsenal got robbed of was the ball any time they got near the toons box. Arteta can go wash the dye from his eyebrows b4 crying.
All these referees and PGMOL will keep on doing is apologising and do it over and over again.
There was no foul on Gabriel, but the ball seems to have gone out.
This white lass speaks facts
LOL had to switch this off as the LONDON based journo there shows his obvious bias. Firstly Bein have already used technology to show the ball stayed in play. Secondly it's not a foul ffs, Gabriel is trying to buy a foul by creating a back, look at how low he is stoop to defend a high ball into the box, his technique is all wrong, he should be attacking that ball. Gordon is behind Joe, that's not off side. Cry more honestly get over this !
They did. They assisted Newcastle with a goal
They keep saying it's a football rule that you have to sum all the probabilities from the multitude of issues ... err no you don't you just made that up/ maybe that's a good rule maybe you should introduce it .. but it's not a rule or directive .. each decision stands on its own merits ,. maybe it shouldn't but those are the rules that both teams signed up to ..  Also .. he says its disgusting three grown Newcastle players made their feelings known and they were rightly booked (the ref was well within his rights to do this by the way) but isn't it terrible a grown Arsenal manager can't make his feelings known about a bad decision and might be charged so the difference is they have Arsenal in their title, you can't have it both ways they should all keep their mouth shut or neither, Different teams different ref but a player actually got booked for a thumbs up sign to a ref as it was taken as sarcastic, a manager has time to cool down.
If this happens to any football team, fans should call it out, even if that team is one they hate the most, because if you say 'get over it,' your team will eventually fall victim to this.
These three have never been within 10 meters of a football 😅😂😂
Where’s Dermot Gallagher doing his best NSYNC impression being a puppet on strings for the PGMOL? Blindly agreeing with whatever happened and just saying if you’re a ref you’ll understand, unfortunately refs don’t play football so don’t understand it themselves
They offered them more technology they all voted no so why complain when they dont have definitive evidence
Don’t that the legs distract you from the debate. Lol
The Kai Havertz challenge wasn't a red, it wasn't over the top of the ball it and was low set, so was never going to plant and break anything.  It was a foul purely because he missed the ball and was a yellow because it was overly aggressive and he clatters the player.  That's it on that front.  It's funny how nobody is talking about the Guamerez impression of the Narcissist Lex Luger's finishing move on the side of Jorginho's head - that was a flat out assault, the Police should be involved, let alone talking about a possible red.  The fact the officials acknowledged the challenge and gave nothing is actually the most worrying thing to come out of all of this.   With regards the VAR decision, it's clear to just about everyone that the ball went out, and even if you want to contest that, it was definitely a foul on Gabriel.  But overall, I don't think Arsenal played anywhere near well enough to win the game and I wouldn't have been happy with a point, Arsenal have dropped too many points already, they needed all 3 and were nowhere near looking like bagging that.
When you're too dense to realize that what Arteta said 5 weeks ago in no way contradicts what he said yesterday. He also said yesterday that he doesn't care what PGMOL says to him, because the points are already lost, so they must move on.  You can be immensely angry at a decision and express that anger while also saying that mistakes happen and to move on. They are not contradictory statements like the person in the middle is trying to make them sound.
We have seen in other sports, other countries, other competitions (including internal games) that an automated VAR system (regardless of the name of it in that instance) reaches a consistent, fair and faster verdict. Also in NFL, Rugby etc the referee will address the crowd directly explaining the verdict.   Automated VAR and referee explanation. There is so much money in football there is no excuse this couldn’t be brought in for next season at the latest.
Arteta has been rattled ever since the 0-0 last season 😂
touch barrier one ball diameter from the touchline. signals when touched. job done
Mistakes are part of the game.
Completely agree with melissa
The goal was fine. Was checked and went with the on field decision.
Imagine if that would have been Newcastle…..the outrage and media coverage would be off the chart! VAR was supposed to eradicate these types of things…..when in fact it’s made it worse! It isn’t the tech that’s the issue…..it’s the incompetence at the top!
God that was the most boring analysis of a game I’ve seen all weekend
They are correct in saying everyone should be outraged whether you're a fan or not over decisions that are so huge. However was it not Arteta himself who said something on the lines of mistakes are made and we should accept therm them when Diaz's goal was disallowed. Klopp was made to look like a villain by many when this lingered. Now Arteta is being praised by this panel for speaking out. Diaz's goal was undisputed. Even though most people feel this goal should not have stood, as do I, there were elements of subjectivity. Bottom line is there is too much money for there not to be enough technology to make more decisive decisions.
It is different than the Liverpool case which was an error whereas this remains inconclusive. Bein technology has shown the ball was still in play. The other issues remain inconclusive so to not award the goal would be very harsh on Newcastle and you would be having the same discussion the other way round.
Everyone in the comment section saying this goal should stand shows exactly why theses things keep happening
Man U had a goal disallowed for it being off, it was closer then this one they got it wrong let alone the forearm smash in the first half
Lets Talk About Raya 😅 and Haverts Whats really up with that 😅
Grown adults can’t say anything against authority in any walk of life these days. We’re on a slippery slope into darkness. In football and in life.
I really don't respect this panel in a footballing sense 😂😂
The ball wasnt all the way out. Joelinton jumped and gabriel didnt. Nobody is offside from a sideways pass.if anything it came off big joes arm. Which hasnt even been mentioned. It was never a push. Goal
It doesnt hurt until its your team 😂 POOR POOR POOR 😂 VAR SHOULD JUST LEAVE 😂
This guy must be on the pgmol payroll.
Completely disgraceful
Well done that lady, (Malisa?),  She has brought up what every Liverpool supporter and real football fans have been thinking and saying since yesterday's bad decisions in a match, bad referee's and VAR not getting things correct, Liverpool were accused of just being the moaning team again a few weeks ago but i remember certain Liverpool community streamers saying its happened to us and it will happen to you at some point this season and now it has,  So are Arsenal and there manager just joining Liverpool as a moaning teams?
✅✅✅
Not out, not offside, not a foul. Havertz definite red card. Arsenal whingers
We already moved on from last season’s Brentford game, and it’s happened again and will happen again.
Inconclusive… The ball was out! If Marcus Rashford’s crossed ball for what would’ve have been Rasmus Hoiland’s first goal against Brighton earlier in the season was deemed conclusively out of play, can VAR please explain the difference!? They did not claim to not have enough cameras on that occasion… All in all IMO VAR is actually ruining the spectator experience and is casting doubt on the ethics of premier league referees, especially when they do not want to be transparent about the process…
arteta behaved very unprofessionally in my opinion
Thank goodness it’s not about Manchester United 🙈
Why are we listening to women who don't even know what offside is
As a neutral i think Not.
Why is noone talking about the "Subjective(their term, not mine)" offside given for United's disallowed goal?
I think the first one is 50/50 because we need a straighter angle. 2nd, there is no way that's a foul there. I seen headers that are that physical counted as goals. What's the difference there. The 3rd offside one confuses me,
arsenal fans being babies
Anybody saying it was not a goal are Arsenal fans .It may have been doggy but Newcastle last season got at least 4 bad decisions last season costing us 12 points mistakes  will be made they even themselves eventually 7:38
So let’s get this right a qualified referee choose to allow the goal then another qualified referee backed his decision. But that’s not good enough what we should do is disallow it because unqualified ex pros and unqualified journalists say it should. And another thing this journalist says the Newcastle players where booked and know they should shut there mouths and not disagree with the ref but Arteta can call the decision and not get punished (hypocrisy)
The rule stats two players (Arsenal) need to be behind the ball for the pass to be onside. As Reya was ahead of the pass and only Gabriel was behind the ball. Its offside, football fans who arent VAR trained and do not have 'the right camera angles' can count 1 Arsenal player behind the ball. It has nothing to do with camera angles when it was so obvious you could use your eyes without drawing any lines to tell it was offside.
Robbed
This game goes back to when it was Spurs vs Chelsea when it was wreckless and many players received yellow cards and no red cards. Its officiating with and without VAR
If VAR can't tell fir sure they have to okay the advantage and stick with the onfield decision, end of and the defender was aleays going to go down when he felt a touch
I agree that it’s crazy we don’t have the camera angles to make an objective decision. However I don’t understand why the goal is so controversial. It wasn’t offside. It wasn’t clear if it went out. It’s debatable if it’s a foul. It’s certainly not clear if it’s a goal or not, so it’s not that surprising it was given. There should be uproar about clear errors, not 50/50 decisions
Everyone says "we don't have the angles" but apparently this guy does
This has now turned into VAR vs Football. Yesterday VAR won again!
Arteta is a little spoiled brat not a grown man.
Just introduce AI referees. Problem solved. It's 2023. 99.9 % correct decision making which is significantly better than Humans.
Melissa looking fit
CORRUPTION!!  City & Newcastle 👀
Simple answer " match fixing".If rugby can do it,then football with all its wealth of resources should be even better and clear cut and transparent.Until match fixing is rooted out,these " controversies" will keep on occuring
mikel wasn't this angry when officials robbed man utd earlier this season
Mikael Arteta the crying bed wetter!
Absolutely disgrace
Its not a foul..the player was already going.down..an its not offside....but i cant tell if the ball is out
Newcastles day will come. Today they had the last laugh. My only problem with this incident was on the push on Gabriel
So the first comment by Darren on the ball being out or not is ”…I think it was out”, so not conclusive! The whole ball actually seems NOT to be out. And even checking offside!? When Willock passed the ball everyone was onside! Not when he headed it, as they seemed to have a look at.
Couldn't watch this video as I seen the melissa reddy sitting on the couch waiting to talk, worst presenter in any sport.
I dont know why they're complaining. If its not obvious then its not obvious then the infringement can't be given. I'm glad of the outcome because if it was coming from a biased arsenal fan those decisions would be judged differently from not obvious to obvious.
If Arsenal strikers have done their job, it would not have mattered.
Chaos, Embarrassing, sickening. Was this the Covid enquiry?!
Stuart attwell called a good game dives weren't given and there were lots of swimmers out there in red and guimares
Melissa is totally right all the teams were saying liverpool are moaning about the decision at spurs.. and i knew it would happen again, so to the fan that said that sod you all and i hope these desicion still happen until all team have this impact
I don't understand how this is being treated as some big VAR scandal.  The ball was NOT out of play. Bein sports proved that with their video technology. The joelinton "foul" was not clear and obvious. Both Neville and Carragher thought it wasn't a foul, which just further proves that point. It didn't look offside. Var said it was inconclusive but even then, it still looked onside.
From Football to Oilboil.
As a kid I remember Man Utd getting a lot of favors from Howard Webb so I never complain when it comes to decisions against Man utd . I’ve always wanted clean football but officiating has been so poor lately UK is starting to mirror their overseas brethren in the states when it comes to officiating in the NBA and NFL .
Arsenal switched off raya and should have  gotten more of a hand to it. And yes, they need more cameras set up around the pitch to cover every angle.
The prem is corrupt. it's getting ridiculous now . I'm done with it . Being completely ruined by the official's
VAR for Red Card
The ball is outside the field in all its surroundings
They need to ask the nearest person in the crowd what they thought,it would be a lot quicker 😊
Transparency in all of the communication amongst officials has to happen if respect for and trust in all of the decision making process's and officials involved in them is ever gonna be regained
EPL Referees and the VAR are an absolute disgrace to the game and are steadily making English football a shame to watch. We actually discuss their poor officiation more than football itself, how ridiculous.
Bottlers FC is pained 😂
Does anyone know the nationality of the lady in white?
Premier league referees are corrupt.
Everyone should be angry about this, those who laugh at Arsenal or laughed at Liverpool are clueless, this isn’t about rivalries, it’s incompetence of a high level, high accountability job but PGMOL have no one to answer to and it’s unacceptable and it will happen to everyone’s club at some point.
The ball was in, it wasn’t a foul, and not offside….why are we still talking about this?
Not too sure why people are crying it’s cost Arsenal 3 points? They had one shot on target the whole game and never looked like scoring, yet a VAR decision has cost them 3 points? Maybe Arteta needs to look at Havertz for costing Arsenal the game. They silenced the crowd for the majority of the first half and were the better team. As soon as Havertz jumped in on Longstaff it got the crowd up and Newcastle going and Arsenal never recovered. But it was VAR that cost them 3 points…
The referee of this game made the decision to give the goal. The Video ASSISTANT referee checked all available information to ensure the referee made the correct decision and could find nothing definitive that a mistake was made. Those are the facts.
Tyrants are holding other stakeholder in the game at ransom. These rules that create dictators need to be done away with. Let people talk about it and also let those accountable account. The notion of making refs and league management dictators isn't good. If fans are asked to be on their best behavior, and players to be at top performance and coaches come up with best tactics, why should we demand the best from these refs even with tech assisting them
disgrace disgrace disgrace from VAR
Hi Good conversation and I ur reading our message . Suggestions 1: The background noise and some banter and laughing loud. It's bad and kills ur conversation. Pls take stock
The EPL is losing its  credibility….am getting fed up with football being run by people who never played the game…
The real problem is, EPL officials are too comfortable in and with their errors, hence the recurrence and no active move to address future occurrence.
How can these “professional” commentators be so dim witted? 1. On field ref makes decision, insufficient evidence to overturn. That’s just the way it played out, cricket does the Same, Rugby does the same, rugby league does the same… it is a subjective decision making process, only an idiot would think it should be objective. 2. Artetta did not say he disagreed, he said it was embarrassing and disgraceful … me brought the game into disrepute… fine him, he knows the rules, he earns the dollars… he can pay the price. 3. If we use the technology, England never won the World Cup in 66… which of these dimwits wants that to be the truth.
PL have a lot of money but cannot afford to invest even more on more camera's on along the touchline for situations like this.
Melissa made a point everyone was talking about after Arteta post match interview - a voice of the people
I don't see the issue. It looked like an obvious goal to me
Football is better off without VAR
Ball could be in, thus inconclusive and can’t overturn that. I remember when Japan beat Spain in World Cup , ball looked out but was in.   Foul- 50/50. So can’t overturn that.   Offside - it wasn’t.  Goal stands.
This was the gme in between Spurs and Liverpool , how can he judge on it. The answer what he said  was very polite
Just get rid of var 😂😂😂
Not sure what all the noise is about.  The whole of the ball wasn't out of play.  Didn't look offside at all and finally Gabreille dived forward and fell over like he had been shot in the back.  He was looking for the foul instead of standing strong.  Tony Adams wouldn't of gonna down like that!
Man city seem to be the only club who are safe from var.
The anti Newcastle narrative is unbelievable, had this been the other way round nothing would be said about it. It’s disgusting
How hypocritical- until it happens to your team eh , Mikel
im an arsenal fan and watched the game. and i dont get why hardly anyone talking about the bruno how did this guy stay on and it been overly looked by a goal it a goal the only joke about it was var way of handling of it. but the bruno should of been off clear elbow and if not that then kicking the ball at havtz clear yellow and then his reaction after that what im piss off from this game and the lack of striker option
So this is the cycle of what is now happening with VAR...  Referees don't want to make a decision during play as they can now fall back on VAR. VAR are unable to overturn the refs initial decision that he probably wouldn't have given, but only did because of the safety of VAR.
Pathetic this. I was there and inline, it wasn’t out of play.. Bein have even shown it was in play. The ‘foul’ wasn’t as per Gary Neville and was onside. This toys out the pram behaviour is to ensure that Arsenal get the next lot of decisions for them. NUFC had a joke VAR call last year to Palace, it was as bad as the Liverpool one at Spurs and yet was barely mentioned. This is also an issue with the major pundits being all ‘big 6’ former players… disproportionally covered and biased coverage.
Will Sky Sports comment on Joe Willock and Bruno receiving racist abuse from Arsenal fans? Calling them monkeys and N-words? It's all because of Arteta's reaction last night.
That ONE POINT could be decisive if this year ends a close as last year. It was so close that if ARSENAL  had beaten CITEE just ONCE the top two would have changed position However what is done is done.  It must be remembered that football is a multi billion dollar business Such errors can cost millions. Yet against this background we have a 2 bob VAR system with people who really need much more training Talk about pound foolish and penny wise?
I remember when referees weren’t the centre of attention every week.. those were the good days.
Ask wolves how they feel
Pointless discussions really. On-site decision was a goal. VAR checked and could not reach a definitive decision, SO WE REFERRED BACK to the on-site one. END OF DISCUSSION.
Absolute scandal ,yes he agreed to back refugees but not be cheated by them
Never mind the goal, how come no one is talking about that challenge that was only a yellow?
If Arteta is charged, Klopp should also be charged.
Diversity quota absolutely smashed it today with this
This is WWE at this point. Results are pre-determined. This is week in week out now, against lots of teams.
Too all the Arsenal fans that said  “stop your crying” after the VAR blunders against Utd.. Enjoy your medicine! 😢😢😢😢😭😭😭😭😭 jokers
AS A SPURS FAN THAT WAS REAL BAD DECISION,  TWICE IN TWO WEEKS NEWCASTLE BENEFITS FROM POOR DECISION LAST WEEK HWANG KICK THE GROUND AND IT WAS AWARDED A PENALTY, COME ON VAR GET IT TOGETHER, GO GET QATAR TECHNOLOGY FROM THE WORLD CUP OR SOMETHING THIS AIN'T LOOKING TOO GOOD
Who the hell is the onlyfans girl and what is she doing on Sky commenting on this matter?
Offside was the most obvious
A League wide Lockout forced by the Clubs need to happen for the Premier League to change this flawed system of refereeing! Don't play games until changes are made!
My god Ian Wright has gone Camp like....
The ball looks out of play. The challenge on Gabriel is fair. The attacker is onside. The handball is inconclusive. So goal should be chopped off.
The goal wasn't the worst thing. Bruno Guimaraes was out there playing like its Rugby or NFL.
The ball is uot off the line
Referee not enough money so...
Referring in this country can only improve if refs are hired from a broad
It's a disgrace to var
She is fit in the middle tho
Man city and newcastle dont get this against them hmmm
one can see every goal scored from every angle on YOUTUBE and yet pgmol show you one angle shots. maybe YOUTUBE would  be a better refereeing body, its a disgrace i think its a attempt of sabotage so pgmol take total charge. VAR works just fine in the EU. it is sad that football matches are now decided not by the the better team but by the pgmol and they cost clubs maybe millions with one mistake or two or three. FOOTBALLING FANS UNITED
Sky will post anything really absolute no sense from sky on a daily basis
Go back to more linesman 😂
Im a Toon fan.   I cant say conclusively wether it should have stood or not but the rules are VAR is there to overturn a clear and obvious error.  There was No clear error. That said Newcastle were robbed of at least 7 points last season by poor officiating and VAR decisions,  Look at the non goal against Palace at St James for eg.  Eddie Howe and Newcastle accepted it without the fuss and moaning.  Its the standard of officiating thats needs addressing not just VAR.   Howe'ay the lads
He's an Arsenal fan lol
These make me wamt to stop watching football like whats the point VAR should be fully ai and every square inch should have a camera view the people are the issue this doesnt happen in most of europe
Mistakes happen, the Refs are human. Time to move on. Pretty sure the Arsenal Coach would agree.
that old saying springs to mind, "You reap what you sow" well it seems to me that Arteta is, with what he said about the Liverpool v Tottenham farce.
I have no idea who he is but that bloke on the right is definitely an Arsenal fan his views are too biased 1) Bein Sports(or whatever they're called) already proved the ball was in 2) As Neville said it wasn't a foul  3) They can't actually see if it's offside or not so have to give the goal
No matter how you look at it - the officiating is shite. I’m a toon fan and feel a certain way, Arsenal fans will feel the opposite. The thing we should all agree on is the ref and VAR were horrific no matter how you look at it.  The toon fan point of view: I’m baffled havertz didn’t get a red, and I’m baffled that this goal has controversy - it’s called angled depth perception, Gabriel missed the header, and you can’t overrule the infield decision if not offside without any evidence (if it was the other way round you couldn’t give it either). Bruno’s elbow a bit lucky, although Jorginho was going down every 30 seconds, maybe if he wasn’t simulating constantly the ref and VAR would take him going to ground more seriously. 🤷‍♂️ never mind us getting 3 cards from havertz’s red card tackle, for crowding the ref, including one for the lad who was fouled, who the ref didn’t let back on for 90 seconds rather than 30, and then the entire arsenal team crowds the ref and gets nothing. Arteta clapping the awful challenge and having his arm around the fourth official, running on the pitch every 5 seconds… yeah he’s a great manager but his touch line behaviour is shameless and needs to be addressed.  But the point is - arsenal fans will feel the opposite, regardless, we all lose because the officiating is shite.
It’s a goal for me. Couldn’t see a clear reason to rule it out and non of the presenters actually gave a clear reason as to why they thought it shouldn’t have stood. The guy is obviously an Arsenal fan. If it was United instead of Arsenal I 100% guarantee he wouldn’t be saying the goal shouldn’t have stood, and he absolutely wouldn’t be defending Ten Hag if he said what Arteta did after the game. So biased.
Haivertz may have had red but Bruno G was certainly an automatic red.  Guy ran up from behind a Arsenal player and hit him with a forearm to his head.  Ball was nowhere near by.  In the US, that’s a hockey cheap shot.
Those knobheads in the VAR team literally have ONE job….and they can’t even get that right. 💀
The ball was out of play this VAR is killing football
VAR is there to assist the referee, not to be the referee. The referee gave the goal, VAR didn't find anything conclusive in their checks to prove it wasn't a goal. Really dont understand what the issue is
I’m a newish grassroots referee. It is a very complicated, but  it’s an offsides. Basically the arsenal keeper stepped up, which means that the offside line should be drawn at gabriel’s foot. You can see that the newcastle attackers foot is ahead of him when he heads the ball. So regardless of foul or out of play it’s offside. It’s a very complicated rule and these premier league referees are dumb so I’m not surprised. I’m also a liverpool fan so I have absolutely no bias in this regardless
It's amazing no one is even discussing Kai Havertz should've been sent off, how on earth is that not a red card studs up at the Player but hey what do I know? SMH
There seem to be a lot of voices in the media complaining about everything becoming too tribal whilst also coming across as very pro-Arsenal.
He chose his words well?😂 bloke was screaming “disgrace”😂🤦‍♂️
VAR legitimizing  cheating
PGMOL are incompetent and unprofessional
Newcastle should of been playing against 10 men but Howe didn't complain? We lost 14 points to var last season but did Sky Sports create uproar because of them?   The rules need changing as none were clear and obvious, that is why it stood. If i were an Arsenal supporter i wouldn't be happy either but the rules are the rules.   Arsenal only had 1 poor effort on target and that hasn't even been mentioned.... Why not?
🤣..they only ruled out United's goal...simple as that..and Red card only for Casemiro...😜
The match was fixed only explanation
The goal should have stood by the way, the games become sissy non contact!
City already bought the league. Period, these VAR decisions have always gone against clubs but people always said mistake happens. Manchester united have suffered those terrible VAR and Referee decisions since last season. It's high time something change
From now on if youre stadium doesnt have a definitive camera angle to prove your goal should stand, it shouldnt. How they dont have enough cameras to see the ball was out, when newcastle have all the oil money to insure there are enough cameras.
It seems there’s only a big outcry when the ‘bigger’ clubs are seen to have iffy decisions, look at Wolves, two ridiculous penalty decisions given against them in the last two weeks…no huge outcry there! And I don’t support wolves.
Take away var lets go back 2 noarmal blame the refs all the time lol
I don't agree that the referee made a mistake.
If the goal was chalked off we would be having huge discussions that the goal should have stood. These close calls just bring out different opinions. The truth of the matter is that so many of these calls are 50/50 and a matter of personal opinion. The curvature of the ball was still on the line as BEIN sports showed. The 50/50 split opinion is Joelintons push on Gabriel. It is impossible to ever know how much force there was, if any. It was awarded as a goal. Get over it Arsenal.
Why is it this decisions never go against Manchester City.
I have just on word for many in this discussion. Whatever team you support, this was a clear foul - always, forever and ever. Onfield referee made a mistake (no problem), but the hack are those chimps behind screen doing? This is a disgrace!!! Not because of any team - because of the league which claims to be the best in the world.   The whole world is making fun of this. It is a disgrace, something horrible and impossible to comprehend. You can have there 100 pictures, 100 referees, this is a simple decision. And they couldn't make it. It is a shame for the whole English world!
Get rid of var it has the game destroyed
"most if not all the clubs are going to be affect by this kind of decision" (except Man City, the protected club)
It shouldn't be tribal, we should come together to sort VAR out.  *But, no-one mentions United factually being the worst effected by VAR this season and also had a goal disallowed that looked more 'on-field' than Newcastle's.* Why not? Decisions following the Onana outrage have been just as bad as any club?
The man is talking absolute nonsense. The goal was given by the referee and no VAR evidence contradicts that enough to warrant over turning the decision. He quotes Noorcroff as some sort of sage on the situation but his report in the Times is full of basic errors. Doesn’t even know who crossed the ball.
Why are arsenal fans so bitter and bad spots for them to go and racial abuse wilock and Bruno
Bruno should have been sent off,...
❤🐓 coys......😂thank you VAR....assna 🖕💩see you later
Yes
More London centric bias, haven't got a clue who these 3 are, most have friends at Sky.
This level of incompetence only happens in PL. The refs are bad throughout the matches. But somehow I find it irretating that all the wrong VAR decisions favour ManC
Well said
It won’t be long before the entire panel will be women. As for Arteta, he should have backed Liverpool because now he’s eating a big slice of Hubris pie.
Talks about being tribal that's a scream he couldn't be more tribal if he tried obviously another bitter arsenal fan ?
Arteta talking about mistakes but not talking about stealing. This is full blood stealing. FA are theives
Can’t help but wonder, if the roles were reversed, and Arsenal got that same decision would media be pissing their pants about it, doubt it
"At some point as well we need to give support and understand that mistakes happen. We’ve made mistakes as well and if the pressure is so much then it’s very difficult to manage." 😂 YNWA Mikel..
it's not a debate! it's just awful and needs an overhaul a complete reset.
It was a goal, ball wasn't out, no foul (people forget defenders can play refs also), be stronger, you can clearly see he isn't offside. VAR correct in all three decisions. Over a season things go for you and against you, that's football. Arsenal on this occasion didn't deserve anything from this game.
If there no VAR like in the past, the goal will still count. The referee award the goal during play.😂😂😂😂
Mikel Arteta when Liverpool were robbed.. “Mistakes happen, you have to move on”
No VAR at the game yesterday and the goal stands and the Arsenal lot would be clamoring for VAR.    The circumstances yesterday were bizarre which unsurprisingly heightened the sense of controversy but at the end of the day not giving that goal would have been far more controversial.
Honestly the goal is controversial but you cant have it both ways. If it's inconclusive you stick with the on field decision - either you agree that is correct or not, but if you say it is incorrect then complain about the inverse the next day then you're the problem. We will never be able to hold officials accountable if we complain no matter what compromise is made
Why are there 3 people in the studio commenting on a men's football match and 2 of them are women? It was the same yesterday in the match preview. Literally more women than men talking about MEN'S FOOTBALL.
No sympathy for them. Gabriel was wrestling with Johnny Evans to prevent him getting a block on Declan Rice's shot. They didn't even look at Gabriel dragging Hojlund over in the penalty box, and they had to find a different angle to give them the benefit of an iffy offside that was level. The officials have set themselves up to be in a position where they can influence the results.
Close calls but a goal is correct.
If VAR had ruled out the goal based on the video evidence they had, it would be a bigger controversy. They would have had to have chalked off a goal that was given by the ref based on inconclusive evidence. That would have been an example of the worst use of VAR and an example of what it has been criticised for.
She’s beautiful
The disgrace and embarrassment is Artetta ! Ok Bruno lucky but Havertz ? He had both feet off the turf ! And from what I could see, the officials did their best for Arsenal to not give the goal ! If that ball was out then every corner taken is illegal !
The ball had just crossed the line it is clear to the naked eye you don’t need any technology for this. This is just a continuation of BS decisions in favor of certain clubs!
We already have Goal-line technology why can't it be used for the entire line, can someone explain me this?
So why Rushford goal was called and yesterday day goal was allowed
Dress code not comfortable
Do not compare var to tms, there is just as much controversy in rugby, everyone has a difference of opinion, this lot speak just as you would expect of armchair pundits , total rubbish, take var away then watch all the complaints come in, ie, that was offside,handball, penalty,red card, non of this will be reviewed, either live with it and get on or just shut up.
Who is this bloke? And why is Arianna Grande commenting? They're making things controversial for controversy's sake. Football is just one of those games, if you can't stand the heat, don't buy a club with loans secured on the club.
who knows how the game would have panned out if havertz had been sent off in the first place..
I thought it was probably a goal when I first saw it. But now I've seen better angles, I don't. The push on Gabriel seems like the main foul. The ball also hits Joelinton's arm, there's a possible offside, and if they'd ruled the ball out of play I think there'd be way less controversy, because it did kinda look out of play to most. So I think it should've been ruled out.   I also think both Havertz and Bruno should've been sent off.  I don't agree with Arteta that it was a disgrace and an embarrassment. As I said, my initial thought was that the goal should stand, so it wasn't an obvious error. I agree that standards should be high, but I think people are too harsh on the officials. Opinion is still split on the legitimacy of the goal 24 hours later with all the video clips available, so how can we expect the officials to get it perfect in 30-60 seconds? I think they made the decision they thought was right at the time. You win some, you lose some. There's most justice now with VAR than there was without it. But it's still not perfect, and the more we moan about it, the more they'll delay games in fear of getting the wrong decisions.   Better tech to decide if the ball went out of bounds and if there was an offside would be beneficial, like a sensor in the ball. But we're not there yet.
The goal should have stood and I definitely don’t have Gordon in my FPL team.
Unfortunately it’s all about swings & roundabouts, you get some & you don’t get some
The only two teams that haven't been "cheated" by VAR and refs so far are Man City and Tottenham.  How odd they are on top of the table
If this situation was flipped and it was Arsenal who scored, all of you would not even be having this conversation. Totally bias views here.
Funny how Klopp getting stick for moaning ...yet hes been on wrong side of decisions all season ..red cards overturned so that surely means hes entitled to moan ..the Spurs debacle ..again was he wrong ..the only problem with VAR is the idiots using it ..works ok everywhere else ..and as stated works in all other sports ..so when do the people controlling it start getting SACKED
Not one video of Gabriel being pushed, nor the ball being over the line. Horrible punditry as always.
I'm not a fan of either team but the ball was out, in fact it was more out than Rashford's ball against Brighton earlier.  That was called out and this was called in.  Ridiculous as VAR and handball decisions are ruining this game.
The media only ever get hyped about VAR when one the so called big 6 get a controversial decision go against them.
The Sky game commentators (during the game) missed one of the worst refereeing performances in the history of the premier league. Gary Neville in particular was shocking in his bias against Arsenal.
Just go and read Arteta's interview about Liverpool  ...she  is lying    Arteta is the man who was not called offside for his team in the Brentford game and no one defended him
I'm glad that this goal score against Arsenal. If it's Arsenal score this kind of goal to Newcastle, media will not bat an eye.
This is pointless - nobody here has anything to add
Do whatever it takes to never pay Sky for their poor punditry.
wow im so happy sky have let women tell us wats wat about the mens game i woudnt understand other wise ,,,
Arsenal fans are particularly angry because this is not the first, second nor third time it's happened to us. Even going back to last season...how many apologies are we supposed to accept, its gotten ridiculous!
Havertz should have been sent off - First thing that happened is that Arsenal should have been sent down to 10 men - Cryteta’s tears = hilarious
Big babies man up got away with a red on the tackle
Let's not pretend some of the referees aren't being paid by the owners of certain clubs. Camouflaged as jobs down in their own leagues. Wether it's actually true or not doesn't matter because there should be a conflict of interest which you have to adress as the journalists should. There's starting to be way to many similar incidents with different outcomes now.
But it wasn't wrong for united vs city and brighton
"If the goalkeeper is the second-last opponent and you are behind him, you will be deemed as offside. However, if there are 2 players behind the goalkeeper, you will only be offside if you are ahead of the second-last opponent." can we all learn the offside rule and realise thats why it isnt a goal, nevermind the other subjective reasons.
The goal CLEARLY shouldn’t stand. You don’t need to be an arsenal fan to see the obvious.
The ball was in play. It wasnt a foul. It wasnt offside. Stop your gurning. The only reason it shouldnt have stood is because it was Newcastle United. That happens against Newcastle and I bet theres no kick up about it! Its the media that makes it tribal, because when its Fulham or West Ham or Newcastle this happens to you are all silent.
CRY CRY CRY
Is very disgrace for EPL ABOUT VAR
Hey Arteta...Referees are human and human make  mistakes...let's move on!!! And yes english premier league is the best league in the world!!
BeIN sports have shown that the ball was in play.
I mean the ball did not go out of play, that’s a fact that’s been proven
How are people saying the ball went out? Do people not understand the shape of a ball? It looked in to me...the fact people have different opinions show it was not conclusive. I would have been more angrybwith VAR if they ruled that goal out
Couldn’t of happened to a nicer manager ..arteta is a 🐀..sure when it happened Liverpool..actually worse scenario ..he said you get bad decisions sometimes you just have to get on with it ..we’ll get on with it mikel 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Pointless discussion. Whether you use VAR or not, ultimately there will be 1 person (i.e. referee, or VAR person) who decided. There are many decisions that are simply subjective - for example is Macguire affecting play today at Fullham, or is there sufficient contact from Joelinton. As to the rugby comparison, the simple fact is that in that sport players/staff respect the referee, whereas in football they do not, and never have.
It happens to Arsenal once and the media is buthurt but it happens to other clubs every other weekend. If Arsenal wanted to win they were supposed to score 2 goals.
If this had happened to Luton or Sheff u, nobody would a sh**e
Arteta needs to wise up, his double standards are funny as hell. The goal would have been given had VAR not checked it, they couldnt PROVE that the goal shouldnt stand so VAR had to go with the referee. For sure VAR needs to have cameras that look along the line but there were none in this game so the goal stands and he needs to stop huffing and puffing like a petulant child.
"Mistakes happen". Mikel Arteta 1 month ago.
If the ball was in the goal is good. Arsenal should look at how ineffectively they defended it.
The premier league is becoming a disgrace with the handle of the VAR officiating. Nobody should be allow to make a decision away from the pitch. VAR decision should only to be made by the official on the pitch. It’s getting ridiculous at this stage and serious measures needs to be done to stop this decisions being made. It’s look more like corrupt with VAR every single week. It’s a shame how the premier league proud this league as the greatest football league in the world yet they’re destroying the game by letting all this corrupt and ridiculous decisions to be made.
VAR is supposed to be for clear and obvious errors. Nothing there was clear and obvious, and looking at all 3 queries, the goal rightly stood. Bein have proven the ball stayed in. Joelinton jumped as Gabriel ducked down, they came together, Gabriel was in a weak position and lost out. Nothing showing the ball coming off joelinton and nothing showing Gordon was ahead of the ball when it was played.  VAR is for clear and obvious errors, not for re-reffing a game.  If you want to talk about wrong decisions, Havertz should have gotten a straight red for his outright assault on Longstaff. Then newcastle players don't get any yellows. Bruno doesn't boil over. And 11 man Newcastle run riot over 10man Arsenal.  At the end of the day the ref got it right for the goal and VAR were right that they had nothing conclusive.
The managers and the assistant coaches should all start talking about the poor refereeing in the league. They can not give bans to every single coach because then the league is stopped
Mikel statements are 100% true it because of the referee wrong decision not only yesterday match against Arsenal but there so many controversial decision in the past and that's dicision is unacceptable
They always say if you can't be sure and there is no definitive outcome, then play must continue therefore the goal must be awarded. Is this guy an Arsenal fan? He's certainly setting his stall out and pinning his flag to the mast in full support of everything they do.
If that ball has cross the ball,please give Liverpool the title in 2018/19,  Manchester City vs Liverpool when the ball was 0.12cm on the line. From the naked eye the ball went in.    Gordon was behind the Gk when Joelinton headed the ball. So NO offside Did Joelinton handled the ball? not conclusive  Did Joelinton pushed Gabriel? Maybe… but referee didn’t see it as a foul.  There were 10 debatable call every week game. Like the Sheffield Utd vs Wolverhampton game. Silva gave away a Pk for a very very very very very soft foul In my opinion that was no a pk..
This was VAR working, there was no clear and obvious error and VAR backed up the referee decision on the field.
Couldn’t agree more Mark. Referees are shocking in this league , I’d love to know their playing background . People need to realise VAR is not a machine it’s just a few more shitty little hitler refs in an office . It would be a very nice job for ex players to do as they have ran kicked headed , tackled and tasted the grass of premier league football . For one game let’s try it please, ex pros in the VAR room
No issues with that goal. People need to stop crying
There is only one explanation. There is too much corruption and they do not want to loose control. If it can be done transparently in cricket and rugby, why it cannot be in football? It not about lack of will. It is lack of intent. Otherwise learn from cricket.
Get rid of VAR. It just allows another avenue of corruption and scandal in the game. Investigation is needed because we are witnessing criminal activity with VAR.
If Wimbledon can see if a ball.travelling 100 miles an hour can bleep.if out...why is football not able ..its the easiest part of technology surely ..
We are know the officials.. are corrupted
All referees work for Man City.  If they can help them win the premier league they will
Looked like a goal to me!
Obviously a win for Newcastle would have made the top half of the league more "interesting" and that is what the PL referees are instructed to do i.e. TO MAKE THE LEAGUE MORE INTERESTING
I wonder is there a loophole???
If white closes the ball quicker when it was not out of play instead of just standing there the cross would not have come in.
"F**K VAR!" "This wasnt VAR, this was on field decisions." "WE NEED MORE VAR!" "People have wanted var to stay out of contentious decisions and let refs do their job" "VAR NEEDS TO DISSECT EVERY 5050 DECISION"  😂😂bloody exhausting. VAR did a good job with what they had. Move on!
The pictures for the ball out of play are not the best at all. From an above angle, the ball is IN play still. The ball HAS to be COMPLETELY over the line to be considered out, which it wasn't.  As for the foul, it's dodgy, from the shown angles it looks like a clear shove, but from the angle shown, it also does look like the Arsenal defender is going forward already to defend the ball. It's a 50/50 case, as people shove and fight for the ball all the time, and calls aren't being made there.  The questionable one is the offside for me. As I'm not fully sure the ruling for that one. I do feel like that's the one that can be given more case for.
Can someone please remind me what the Arsenal manager said when he was asked about sterling push in the penalty box  knowing full well the size of the lil guy . Yall need to keep that same energy not when it's in your favor and your asked about it you beat about the bush and when it goes against you......
What if arsenal loses the epl to city by 1point I just simply pity arsenal to me the VAR N PGMOL is just simply incapable n simply useless loved always the fans of Liverpool
I think Mikel should be given a touchline ban and be fined for those comments. Utterly egregious and inflammatory calling the PGMOL 's integrity into question. The goal was checked 3 times for 3 different infringements. This guy gets everything he wants, he is as bad as Klopp. He's had more than his fair share of good luck when it comes to VAR, but the second something goes against him, he feels sick. Cry more big baby........ Baby!
And it’s not 3 points dropped cos arsenal were poor, they were no where near getting a W yesterday
100% was a goal. Arteta is just a big baby.
As soon as everyone starts feeling sympathy for Arsenal their fans have to go and do something that makes u regret your sympathy... come on guys. I get being angry at Guimares, anger shouldn't result in racism tho!! And for willock why would anyone be mad at him?! He just looks like such a nice lad.
Definitely feel that Raya should have done miles better!
People keep saying that’s 3 points that could change the season… Should be talking about 1 point at best. Since it was 0-0 and Arsenal didn’t look like scoring.
What about Bruno G dropping the people's elbow on Jorginho 🤷🏾‍♂️
Thing is if this is on the other foot, these guys are not saying this! And that’s fact
Move on Mikel….mistakes happen.  The person to feel sorry for and has real reason to complain about poor officiating is Gary O’Neil.
Reddy is absolutely right. Why don't they look at how rugby operates VAR and try to replicate that? Mistakes still happen in rugby but at least the process and conversation between officials is transparent. The way that football uses VAR is absolutely abysmal and considering the amount of money flowing around the game, it's completely and totally unacceptable.
VAR to Refereee "Checking the banking app, the cheque has cleared. I repeat the cheque has cleared. Decision Goal stands."
Fed up with var, don’t know many people who enjoy its use. So slow and makes awfull decisions every week. Also how can they not conclude if the ball was out, but they could conclude it was after a very long check at Man U Brighton. Basically confirmation that they just guessed in that game then showed no consistency again
It is totally clear the ball was out. It must be corruption through negligence and inability to do their job. Seriously.....SACK them!!!!!!!
I wonder if the Arteta fine will happen before or after the apology from PGMOL 🤔
Arteta was very dismissive about the Liverpool disallowed goal against Spurs, so to borrow his words, "referees are human, they make mistakes, move on!" I genuinely hope he moves on! Karma knows no bounds!
Cannot stand arteta, "I feel sick and ashamed to be a part of this mess", what a load of BS and an embarrassing statement to make.
Darren Lewis and Mel Ready together 🙌🏽
How can Rugby get it right, but football get it so wrong? Surely there's another agenda...
Remember when Arteta said “we need to understand mistakes happen” when LFC were robbed. Now “It’s a disgrace” give it a rest! Arsenal didn’t deserve anything from that game but that goal shouldn’t have stood. Push in the back is clear, unlike ball out of play suggestion. Bruno should’ve been sent off but so should Kai.
Frankly I see no evidence that the refs,  VAR or on the pitch, made an error on this goal. What Jolinton did to Gabriel was no different from what Gabriel did to the opposition in virtually every corner kick.
It goes both ways. We should be encouraging and awarding more goals. When there's inconclusive evidence, you can go both ways: disallow or allow the goal.  No one talks about allowing the goal. 3 walls came up to prevent the newcastle goal: offside was inconclusive, ball was clearly in play (just see the BeIN sports footage), wasn't deem a foul by ref.   How is this not a goal?   If an accused was trialed and there was inconclusive evidence, how can he be punished?  Arsene Wenger said before; we should encourage more goals, we want entertainment. Any subjective matter should be favored towards a goal.
Regardless of what you think of the decisions, it's pretty worrying that there were 3 distinct VAR checks and for each one VAR couldn't say what's actually happened.
The ball is out or not s just eagle eye tech, tennis have used that since forever.  But to be honest, you all deserve this suffering when everyone tell JK and LFC to move on last time when they get robbed refs!
Melissa is 100% right they laughed at liverpool instead of standing with them fir a resolution
How on earth that little girl in the middle gets 2 talk about football, is as arteta would say a disgrace, the voice, the look is what is wrong about talking about football, if u have goal line technology, surely u can have byline technology
The goal should have stood because the football went into the net and no one died in the build up. *FACTS!*
The amount of gunner fans on tv…..
Look at the Arsenal  players surrounding the ref after the goal: no yellow cards. Disgrace according to your man here the players know the rules
Melissa speaks so well
'not enough evidence ' and there are nearly 30cameras on the pitch...
I understand why this is happening week in week out, this incompetent referees want to be in the highlights nothing else that is properly ruin the beautiful game period
One angle shows the ball is out so it is out
Dirty Arabs paying the ref's. Man City and Newcastle, Antony taylor got put into the championship for helping Newcastle last weekend
Premier league officials aren't Neutral they have teams they Support n want them 2 benefit They should hire International refress
Once again Newcastle have another decision gone their way. Is that the FA is trying to push them or giving them the benefit of doubt at the expense of more established clubs? 😂 To be physical is ok, but you can't allow their players getting away with fouls every match day.
All the incels who think that the goal should have stood and we should "just move on" don't seem to fathom the fact that their team can be the next victim. How d*mb do you have to be to not grasp that it's not an Arsenal/Newcastle issue it's a football issue! Things need to change!
Refs want to be front of the queue when they retire to make their fortunes in the Saudi league, so they are extra kind to Saudi backed clubs when they can in the Premier League. They are corrupt.
Spurs fan here,  it's a goal all day long.  Arteta and Klopp should go and have a quiet cry together in a darkened room.
How's this even a conversation?? You media and fans like making stories and headlines when you lose matches turning issues into conspiracies and controversies for smokescreen for your failures..😂😂 it was a CLEAR goal. Gabriel dived like a Superman and the ball wasn't completely out..Cry us a Pacific ocean 😂
Why do people not talk about the United VAR decision? What's wrong? Is it supporting Man UTD? It was a goal. Honestly the hatred for United, I just don't get it.
Mistakes happen. Arsenal can't even score any goal. Stop this nonsense. Move on!! Next!!
Free Palestine 🇵🇸
How many goals have man UTD had chalked off.......... Typical Arsenal crying
The ball went backwards from joelinton so it cant be offside
I don't know what the big deal is, Ball didn't go out of play, it wasn't offside, would've been a harsh handball and the foul is subjective. Let's praise VAR for actually checking all of these things and coming to a decision.
I personally think the ball is out of play
Arteta trying to take the spotlight off their failure and using a conspiracy as a smokescreen 😂.. Gabriel DIVED as if he's Superman and the ball wasn't completely out.. Clear goal as a crystal .. Pathetic to even stoop that low because you lost and ashamed
Two reds and a disallowed goal. There is no other answer!
Ball is spherical and obviously in (this is actually proven already). The "Foul" can't clearly be judged, player is in front, leaning forward and going down. Not offside. Keep crying.
I feel sorry for Arteta. He clearly does not have the mental fortitude to handle losing to a better manager with worse players.
Seen as it made Arteta cry...I make VAR spot on for once
The young lady is correct. Until VAR can hold a candle to the way TMO works, it's a failure of refereeing.
theyre also talking about it as 3 points dropped by arsenal? they had 1 shot on target all game? where exactly have they lost out on 3 points? am i missing something? awful biased journalism
Just call it how it is. MATCH FIXING due to the amount of betting companies involved in this league
Great goal and great win..
Just moved on Liverpool had to . From the images and replay I thought it was a goal.  They tried 3 different checks to disallow it . I'm not a fan of either club. No clear and obvious error.
I think players should start hit oposition when the referees back is turned as guimares did. Since VAR has no retrospective action
Right lets put this to bed    1 bein sports have released an image that shows the ball was still in  2 the "foul" was down to opinion some would say foul, others wouldnt, 4 refs didnt think its a foul, i dont think its a foul, neville, a top level professional who is likely to empathise with a defender here, doesnt think its a foul regardless of if you think its a foul, its not conclusive and the consistency that is applied week on week is that if its not conclusive you go with the on field decison so again VAR used correctly   3. Again no conclusive evidence of an offside but if you pay attention gordon is behind anywhere that the ball could be while out of view  All 3 points no reason to go against on field decision   Goal stands   Thank you, good win for newcastle   P.s havertz should have been sent off anyway Arteta is a baby
Ball not out. Not a foul. Not offside, keeper made mistake = GOAL!!!!!
Agree Arteta a united fan we being robbed as well unbelievable 😢
As a gooner I am proud of the Arsenal young players who didn't lose their head after that shocking decision by the VAR and tried to get back in the game. Its just a matter of time before the details of how that decision was made would come out ,,,its more than likely it could be influenced by external factors given the overwhelming financial influence of Saudi Kingdom on Referees.
The only disgrace and embarrasment in this game was Arteta. Looking to make a story to cover up his pathetic coaching and tactics.
Melissa ❤
Ball stayed in play (not all of it went out).  No foul or push - Gabriel filled his shorts and played for a foul rather than 'was pushed'. Gabriel completely misread the ball and stuffed up, he tried to bail himself out of trouble by playing for a foul but the referee didn't fall for his blatant dive.   No handball.  No offside.  Goal correctly stood,  Arsenal can complain as much as they want but they had 1 shot on target for the game and offered nothing to suggest they deserved a result. They spent the game diving and time wasting and paid the price.
England has the worse referees in the world, even after seeing the footage there is green grass between the ball & white line & Havertz should of been sent off.
Remember last month when Klopp was absolutely fuming at VAR and when journalists asked Mikel on his thoughts he said “ mistakes happen , you move on” . Only way clubs win against bad officiating ,  is if they unite with each other
Who was on VAR? Andy Madley & Stuart Burt - who take refereeing jobs in the Saudi league which is owned by PIF which owns Newcastle. That's how you get the PGMOL saying nonsense like Guimaraes hit on Jorginho was okay because it was his forearm and not his elbow, and how they ignored the ball being out, it hitting Joelinton's arm, Joelinton pushing Gabriel with both arms fully extended, and an offside all ignored to give the goal.
No. Not a fan of either but ball clearly went out of play.
I think it’s been proven the ball was in. The Joelinton incident is subjective. Both Neville and Carragher think it wasn’t a foul.. both are ex professional defenders who have experience in similar circumstances, but other ex professionals think it’s a foul so who knows. And then I really don’t understand the offside law making Gabriel invisible because he’s behind the goal keeper. Like why? The possible handball.. was it intentional? I think with the current laws it could easily be a legitimate goal but who knows because all the rules are constantly changed and are everything but simplified.
VAR IS AWFULLLL EVERY WEEK INCORRECT DECISIONS EVERY WEEK
Karma
If it's inconclusive then stick with the original on field decisions.
It was a legit goal tho 😂
Not interested in the opinions of any of these people.
i cant believe melissa dresses like that lol. not complaining, but still lol
What a snack ❤️ 😍 (we all know what i am talking about)
That’s all just theatre. Money rules. Football is dead
🔥
