S
Wings and boooooooooots
Maybe the skyblock one could have a bunch of different sky islands, and harder and more valuable enemies, structures, and resources spawn the farther you go from the center.
I wish ankh shield could be combined with eye of cthulu shield. It'd give new life to an item otherwise replaced with ninja gear. Since everyone runs a dodge, it'd be nice to have a divided choice between ninja gear and an ankh shield of cthulu
honeyed bone glove, releases bones when damaged that bounce a 5 times. when the bones bounce, they release bees.  crafted with bone glove and honeycomb
obsidian shield + shield of cthulu
Gotta remember that console can’t download maps and it would be very tedious and annoying to make a sky block
they need to make bosses mechanics harder or like that mod that enhances Golem
No matter what class I always use: wings, terraspark, ankh shield and ninja gear. It’d be nice for any of these to be combined
Brain Scarf.
Seeing a stage beyond the terraspark boots with the froglegs would be pretty cool
this would definitely be absolutely broken, but i think terraspark boots + soaring insignia would be cool
the scarab the necromatic scroll and the pygmy necklace all combines for 3 extra minion slot
What if when you throw the love potion on an enemy, it makes them not damage you/ignore you until you damage them
terraria undertale collab
I love terraria
being able to combine all the expert items together would be noice.
i f*cking love relogic and their dev members, they interact so much with their fans and even take suggestions to improve their games there need to be more componys like relogic
it would be crazy if moonlord gained legs in his second form or vice versa
you know what i think would be cool?, if you could combine expert mode boss drops, so say you got shield of cthulhu and the royal gel, you could combine them at a special tinkerer's workshop made with a tinkerer's workshop and hellstone ore to combine expert mode accessories, you could combine specific accessories, so say you know king slime and eye of cthulhu, brain of cthulhu and eater of worlds, skeletron and queen bee, queen slime and king slime, all the mechanical bosses, plantera and golem, and if you are in master mode you can combine a special boss drop from moonlord(after combining all accessories he will drop it)that you can then combine with the demon heart to give you another extra accessory slot, or something else thats also cool
Scarf and brain need accessory mixes but also shield of thulu needs a few mixes
, royal gel + shield of Cthulhu = slime ninja shield
well if talking about developer sky block what comes to mind would be gemcorn sells. they are a way to get infinite stone so if the traveling merchant sells them and you have but 1 stone block in the world can you make stone, and gems i guess but who cares, from that. also probably extractinator related stuff to make it the extractinator seed
I like the idea of combining terraspark boots and celestial shell and maybe even a moon lord accessory to make like celestial boots or void boots
I can't even get past the lizard temple, I'm fucking terrible at this game
With 6:20 I think the structure is very close to the surface as well because in the background the giant trees are half visible, so maybe a sky island you can reach from a normal living tree?
One block skyblock like what Minecraft has  Or a seed that is just sky islands but better
While a redesign may be nice, I'd prefer it if they made the pillars drop more than fragments. Come to think of it, why doesn't the cultist have ANY drops?
I think some accessory with the soaring insignia would be cool, ik they avoid tinker items with expert/master mode accessories but I always find myself getting rid of my boots because infinite flight is just better. Maybe not even an accessory but a post-moon lord shimmer item that allows you to have infinite flight
Bruh we need wings that tinker with like ninja gear for dashable wings
i want to see an upgraded worm scarf with the sharktooth necklace
It’d be cool if the love potion did something like npc discounts, or even making mobs on your side/unable to damage you for a short time
One thing I would love if on something on master mode they would add more moves to bosses and just make it more difficult in general
Hear me out: make the floating island tutorial a seed, with the “tutorial” seed
A way to merge multiple expert items would be cool, I typically enjoy the spears, but barely use them because they aren't very good, and I think the skyblock seed could probably use some method of progression so that players could still beat the game while also not having an anything beforehand
I think that an accessory I'd love to use after hardmode are the triple jumps. Would be cool to see another upgrade past the bundle of balloons to increase maybe the length of the jumps or the speed to create competition or be on par with later hardmode wings.
I want a post moonlord mode to change things up like hardmode for hardmode apocalypse mode makes hell usefull again to make weapons like zenith seem like it's not final
They should make expert mode boss accessories combinable with other accessories
Would be cool to be able to combine all glove-type accessories
another update after the "final" update can be common at this point
i just watched 2 unstoppable adverts this vid better be good
I wanna see a whole cuthulu boss.
I want a beatable console tutorial world as a seed.
I cannot WAIT to fight the new moonlord, even though I'll probably get plastered into the pavement while I'm distracted...
Master ninja gear / frog legs would be fire
definitely the best power point 10/10
I think a fun item combo would be the emblems plus the charm of myths, giving another branching path other than destroyer/avenger emblem, allowing you to get a damage bonus along with the healing cooldown as for a skyblock seed, it would be cool if you spawned on an island that was forest and each biome had its own island, at the bottom of the world would be the hell island much like in "dont dig up" seed. an intersting idea for the love potion could be: hitting an npc with it lowers their prices, or hitting an enemy with it makes them lose aggro for a short time or even fight on your side for a short timne (bosses excluded)
What about a combination of the shark tooth necklace that’s not the beeswax or just add another craft to the crafting tree
combine the master ninja gear with terra sparks
Here's a few combos of accessories I'd like to see:   Battletoad Gear: Master Ninja Gear plus Flipper and Frog Leg, or Frog Gear plus Black Belt and Tabi. True Amphibian Boots: Amphibian Boots plus Neptune's Shell. If you're going to call them Amphibian, let the player be actually amphibious using them. Summoner's Scroll: Avenger Emblem plus Papyrus Scarab. We have a version of an Emblem crafting tree for every class except Summoner, so it's past time we got a Summoner one. Mechanical Cuffs: Celestial Emblem plus Magic Cuffs, or Celestial Cuffs plus Avenger Emblem. Because frankly, slapping one item on an Avenger Emblem is a bit of a weaksauce crafting tree for the Magic emblem-related accessory.
I still have a feeling that there will be 1.5 or 1.4.6
The chain guillotine is my favorite weapon, but it just gets easily outclassed by other melee weapons acquired at roughly the same time, it would be cool to see some sort of upgrade/ later variant  because it gets slept on as a mimic drop and honestly deserves more attention
You think when Red plays he goes "this stupid game dev. What a bad game!" When he gets mad
I hope the ML gets some gameplay changes as well, as right now it can feel a little campy at times, with by far the best strategies being to run away and chip away at it, an idea I had was that the tongue-thing pulls you back to ML and damages you, rather than just being a way to cut off some sustainability, (like the WoF has now)
and here I am thinking I beat the game
Skeleton bone hand and dars
Wasnt 1.4.3 suppose to be the last update
we need the ankh shield to be able to dash so instead of combining the tabi with the blackbelt and tiger climbing claws to make the master ninja gear implement it somewhere in the ankh shield crafting tree
Bone glove and the skull from deer clops
A accessory combo id love to see is booys plus wings like Calamity did. Call it Terrawings but make it a hardmode accessory maybe set to a specific pair of wings
so about the maps it's cool for PC players because of steam but console players don't have that luxury sadly so skyhlocks would be cool
I wanna see better yoyos or a yoyo revamp . It was such a cool concept but it was long forgotten about and abandoned
I really want them to add a "zenith" for every class. Like a bow that shoots all the "unique" arrows, a summon item that can summon every summon, and a staff that shoots a whole load of magic projectiles
I think the shark tooth necklace needs more love, armor penetration is great but the raw damaging accessories almost always outclass it
Item I really like that becomes obsolete: The Keybrand.  More damage as the enemy is damaged. Really useful against enemies with a lot of health, but becomes obsolete quickly.             That, and the Breaker Blade. They Breaker Blade is good on large groups of smaller enemies. You get it sooner, too. But it becomes obsolete much faster.
could there be some sort of cursed item that gives you a temporary extra accessory slot but reduces health by like 25% or 50%
id love to have some expert drop combos
imo, an item that becomes obsolete later, or i guess like 10% into the playthrough, is rope, once you get a double jump and grappling hook, the only thing rope can do that they can’t is go straight up to find floating island, but platforms or grav potion can do that too.   also another item/items that feel kinda useless to me at every point in the game is climbing claws and shoe spikes, i think that climbing claws can be changed to also work on actual background walls rather than just the rare occurrence of solid blocks that happen to make a flat “wall” and shoe spikes can have an effect of increasing acceleration/deceleration on blocks, allowing you to change directions faster, almost like like a weak dash
Why does it say dont eat the hamburger
Grappling hooks are one of my favourite items that for me become obsolete once i get wings, would be nice if they could get a rework, using swinging and momentum would be awesome
An idea on that love potion bit, what if it caused NPCs to follow the player who threw them? To my knowledge theres no leash of any kind to pull them so the next best thing is that they walk towards the person who threw it. There ARE the king/queen statues but that just teleports a random NPC to it, but after that they just start wandering back, most likely in the direction of their assigned home.
What about really good endgame weapons like the zenith for other classes
plss chippy tweet this "change the rarity of biome crates especially for mobile"
7:00
1.5? Bro didn't they say that like 1.3.4 would be the last one?
Imagine red adding zenith tier items to all classes except melee. That would be crazy
I think about making secret seeds combination after you make secret seed manualy (write seed like getfixedboi into seed bar when you create world) and only after you use it you can actually use it in seed menu.
I think it would be cool if every boss dropped an item that, on it's own, is not particularly interesting (maybe an accessory, or a weapon, or just a plain material), but they can be crafted together to create a slightly better item. As you progress through the game and defeat more and more bosses, you acquire more of these items that you can then merge and create an increasingly more powerful item. Maybe even require some of the NPCs to 'bless' the items to give them their function, so that the item follows both the boss-progression of the game and the building-progression as well. I'm not sure if it would work best as a weapon or an accessory or something else, but I would love to see something like this implemented.
5:50 beanstalk seed
everything is 0.00001% drop chance prank
some ideas i have for a potental skyblock seed that arent in any particular order  -the picture on the select world that displayes what secret seed or what world evil is in the world, should be floating  -make slimes drop diferent ores more frequently  -make critters give a higher fishing power  -make critters more commen  -make lava slimes drop lava in all dificultys  -add a new way to make a dungeon biome  -add a rare dungeon mimick that drops dungeon chest loot  -increase the drop chance of bombs from slimes  -make a shimmer pool  -add diferent fishing rods to the anglers fishing quest rewards that can very depending on how many fishing quests you've done or what stage of the game your in
Because i refuse to touch twitter or as its now called, X, one accesory i wish had more combonations is the magiluminescence, it is easy to craft and provides quite good utility and is overall really usefull earlygame but its usefulness dies almost imeadiatly after you get the goblin tinkerer because it has no combinations
I once had a living tree generate through a sky island
Terraria is probably the only thing keeping my mental health stable
the true story is the devs did resprite the body and they didnt want to give away the fact that moonlord now has legs
Combine Seedler (because it is used in the Zenith maybe the Cactus Sword instead), Chlorophyte Claymore, Christmas Tree Sword, and Staff of Regrowth to make the Photosyntheslice.
Crossplay is the only thing I'm really after
Magiluminescence added to terraspark boots. i spend 5 hours making them every time i dont see why they cant be a little better. this item is never worth the slot later in the game (especially modded play) but i want big fast. i need big fast give me more fast
ok the resprite is cool, but when will we get a moonlord buff, I mean he isn't that hard at all
Anybody else wondering why there are major updates after "journey's end" (supposedly the last major update or someting)
I would love to see a zenith type end game weapon for all classes
i think an accessory that needs a combo would be something to do with the frozen turtle shell or frozen shield because its like really useful but like theres way more options that are far superior
Actually you can change the race drones color already
Have a skynlock seed and every block in the game is either purchasable or craftable so you build the world yourself. Including picking where the dungeon is (unlocked after evil boss is killed)
i think devs should resprite the old bosses instead of moonlord that already looks great :/
Its just amazing how awesome Red and his team are. They are so community-focused and it shows! Most games only add stuff when the loud majority ask for it, Redigit asks what their community wants.
Imagine if Moon Lord got legs in the new sprite.
Chippy, I need your help; I'm not part of any Terraria social community.   If Magnet Fishing isn't already in terraria can you get it suggessted?
It would be cool if they added a Samurai armor set.
A cool use for the love potion could be NPC happiness, like if for whatever reason you want to keep two useful NPCs near each other that don't like each other you could use the love potion on both of them when they're nearby! could make getting pylons easier?
Hey can someone answer this for me? On the mobile version of terraria there was a red potion in the shape of a regen or swiftness potion, and when consumed it summoned a pet bat. Was that an item or am I going crazy.
they should make it possible to spectate, its a multiplayer game and yet i never know whats going on when i die in a fight. its something i have always thought about
imagine showing this video to a Victorian child, that would be funny.
I think that adding a terra armour set would would be awesome so then you could have a terra loadout
So has 1.4.5 came out yet
I think they should have more combinations with the shields. Like what if they combined the Ankh shield with the hero’s shield or frozen shield.   Or come up with a combination with the Celestial stone with another shield item, like the Ankh shield.  :0
Oh no, I can already see them adding brand new traps, debuffs, and other crazy twists to it
Maybe as a skyblock seed it wouldn't do anything on its own but it would make the other seeds skyblock
I believe the demon scythe was a pretty good weapon Though I feel its a shame we don't get to see more scythes I think it'd be a great addition to melee!
I feel like a mixture of work scarf and brain of confusion would be really cool but hard to balence
It would be nice if there was like 2 dlcs 1st:Calamity 2nd:Thorium
Love potion can give discounts on the NPCs you give it on, that'd be cool
amalgamation of all the unused expert accessories would be nice, like volatile gel, bone glove, the deerclops one, and others.
The royal gel and the shield of cathulu goes hard
I think if the treasure magnet increased drop rates of insanely rare items by a little bit that would be cool
It always pesters me with the expert/master mode boss drops. I want to have one but i want the other too. Maybe some special combinations of those?   Another idea: maybe make an endgame accessory of all the expert mode boss drops. It’d be a grind but itd be fun  Also, that moonlord sprite is amazing!
We need more devs like red
4:20 Shadowflame knife
Hey chippy can youbpls tell red to add a planters summon item?  Edit:I forgot to tell you this too but can you also tell red to add a button to remove gore like the Chinese version? Pls
make inventory and craft things like in terrariy1.2 please❗❗❗❗
I WANT THE TWO DAMN MAGNETS TO COMBINE
Ive been watching this guy since starbound and he is still the best
A good use for love potion would be if you could give/sell it to the npcs and they become friendly to all npcs so it’s easier to get pylons for beginners
I think the tree and the skyisland in the flairon spoiler is a reference to the world tree
god forgive me and the task ahead but if I could ever make a wish to the terraria gods, to raise the limit of functioning wooden signs to match the amount of single items in the game.  I think I capped at 500 or something, after finishing weapons.
I always designate an accessory slot for the treasure magnet it. Call it my “Everyone onnthe server hates me” magnet. Pair that with the coin ring and steal money from an INSANE distance away
sky block but i can have kids with the nurse
The sky block seed could just be sky islands? A bunch of scattered islands carried by clouds make up the world, and the background could be in space, so the further down you go the closer you are to the Terraria world. Meteorites of stone and ore could make up the "underground" and structures such as the dungeon and temple would be refitted for space or just uprooted by clouds. And falling all the way down would give the "Terrarian burnt to a crisp reentering the atmosphere" death message. Not really the traditional sky block, but it'd be a cool seed
I would love to see an item that tracks if corruption, crimson, or hallow is near you similar to the ore finder. I’m purifying the world rn post moon lord and it is agonizing
The tree going through the sky island reminds me of Giant Jack in Skypiea from One Piece
plZ add loops to minecart tracks.
I would love if they added if you can add dyes on weapons like the Terra blade imagine flaming blue terra blade
I think there should be a late game accessory combo for the bundle of balloons, it takes too long to get all of the accessories for the bundle of balloons and by the time you do, there are already better options. Maybe a combo of master ninja gear and bundle of balloons
i dont think ive seen better devs than red. bros constantly getting the communities insight and i love it
Plot twist they add moon lord second phase where his legs appear and reattach themselves
I feel like the only real combo move for the Bone Glove is the Bone Helm. Name for this tinker? Bone Boxing Gear (Gloves + Helm, boxing-esque stuff, no?)
I really love your video, the only struggle i have is your accent, as a non-english speaker, it's hard af to understand 😭 But even with that, your video are top-quality tier
To be fair all expert boss drop not worth a slot exept the eye's and the brain's/worm's I not gonna say that make them consumable wouldn't be op  But place thet into a crafting recept should do the job like the crystal ball or sharp station(if still op, add them time limit like back then)
I wish the obsidian horseshoe had a combination because I don't know why you would EVER use this item
Ancient chislel and that accessory that reduces enemy spawn rate/xhance to target you
Thank you for updating us with terraria 1.4.5 content ❤
I think being able to combine all the emblems is something I’ve wanted for a long time
CHIPPY! You've made it to my news!
The real change to moon lord is he recovered his legs
I've been saying for a long time that the ocean needs an overhaul.
I think considering that there are so many early game items that mitigate fall damage, it would be logical to have skyblock start near the bottom of the world and progress upwards
they should add a wing and hermes boots combination lol
Idea: Tadpole Staff 100 mana consume Throws a tadpole at an enemy, any enemy but not bosses If hit it you gain control of the target, you can attack using the way they attack, and move them as you please, mind control breaks after 8 seconds To make this useful, damage of the target you use is 3x more 10dmg? 30dmg.
We to combine the empress of light accessory and any wings lol
what about an acorn that grows a lliving tree
maybe a dumb idea, but i think itd be pretty cool to be able to combine the hand of creation and the greedy ring.
Imagine moonlord with legs
Will Moon Lord no longer have a 🍑 in his chest? 😕
Something to give us a shield blocking mechanic.
The zenith is crafted from God knows how many swords you can gather throughout the game.  I think it would be cool to have something like that for the other 3 classes.  Summoners: a whip maide from multiple whips.  Mage: a book maide from the 9 we have in game.  Range: a bow or gun maide from multiple bows or guns.  The zeneth gave the copper sword you start with a better use, so this idea could give items like the flair gun a better use.
I personally love the royal gel that makes all slimes freindly towards you as it gets annoying dealing with them sometimes and it would also be amazing if you could combine it with the drop from queen slime that fires gel projectiles, plus it would be an epic addition if this new combination either summons temporary slimw protectors when you take damage or makes any nearby slimes help you attack as we do see the squire slime with a sword so maybe this could be possible.
I think the mechanicals bosses should have instead a mine cart have individual expert items so destroyer has a digging accessorise twins has a double hit chance or a dodge and skeleton prime should be fighting buff and all together and a tinkers workshop should be a mechanical masterpiece or something
I think we should have a god weapon for all classes because the moon lord drop are the final weapons for all classes but melee which it’s zenith
Love potion idea: when thrown on an enemy will become charmed and switch sides until potion effect where’s off or they die. Throw at two NPCs to make them want to live with each other or make their prices the same as their max happiness price for a short while
I wish Magiluminescence would have a combination. It's so good, having a part of the terra boots or another mobility item would be so nice
What about me? I cant use steam I’m on tablet I support the sky lock seed
We litterally just started a master node playthrough red please no
I have an idea for an excellent post-T3 OOA accessory. It's called "Dragon Amalgamation", crafted with Betsy Wings and Berserker's Glove at a Mythril Anvil. It would grant the same stat bonuses as the mentioned accessories, allow for gliding and/or hovering and make you look very cool, replacing your limbs with those of a dragon. I can already imagine some great dye combinations with this.
I’d love to see an incorporation of the Frog Gear into the Master Ninja Gear/Expert Belt + Tabi. I hate how they’re split up, since that makes me need to take up multiple slots for it. Also, a combo of the Charm of Myths and Band of Starpower.
he still plays this game. wild.
I really want moon lord to like smash the ground making that ground effect when the ogre from the ooa does that jump attack!
About the item magnet, what about making it work from the inventory, rather than having it equipped?
MOONLORD LEGS!!!!
i feel like you should be able to combine ankh shield with master ninja gear to make more people craft the ankh shield
6:25 Maybe the tree in the sky island could be where A skyblock seed starts? I mean it contains all the stuff that a new player would need during skyblock like water, potential ores, wood/acorns, and whatever may be in the chest (like 8 Iron bars for bucket/anvil which could be a guaranteed spawn in the chest when you use the seed)? Or was the order of the spoilers' release inverse to that of the video? I think the skyblock explanation may have some merit to it, since Living trees platforms dont normally go up that high, and those root formations could be there for a source of bait, as fishing is one of the primary strategies in skyblock.
I don't have a terraria Forum's account, but one thing they should add is some kind of upgraded version of the snowball cannon for early hardmode or mid hardmode.
Tbh i would love to see a alternate version of the hand of creation, called the hand of destruction which would make you deal tons more damage to enemys etc (ofc endgame) and makes explosives and stuff more destructive etc
The body now has huge tiddies
minecraft fans should learn about the Terraria community, so they can know how feels to have the best devs and not the lazy mojang
4:06 I hope it moves out npcs lmfao…
A change I really need is being abke to bind the dash function to a button, It'd give me, a console player, more access to playing terraria on the harder mode because double tapping the anologue stick on console is a roulette gane where 75% if the time it doesn't work and the other 25% it happens just to ruin your building experience.  On the note of skyblock, a skyblock map I played on minecraft actually had traders sell you stuff that'd be harder to get in the mode, so a progression style map where you start on a small island and you slowlt build outward and slowly unlock nocs as you reach their islands would be nice. My only issue would be how hard liquid duping is on console do to the 1.4 changes, but having skyblocks on terraria console would be amazing
I would love for them to add a "classic" graphics mode to play using the old sprites for everything, or at least let players select what game version they want to play on.
Love potion should make it so when splashed on an npc they will love being with people 1+ level per time used on them
7:41 maybe moon lord grew feet 😂
Barbarian bone guantlet (berzkr glove bone glove)
I think it'd be cool if the stink and love potions could change who npcs like allowing you to have more npc housing combinations
I think being able to combine weaker wings with other accessories while keeping strong wings alone would help even out the usefulness of wings, since some are simply not worth getting due to how fast they are outclassed and how much grinding to can take to get whatever item crafts them. Also, a hardmode fledge wing upgrade that keeps its wing movement but gives it some other moderately useful feature could be interesting.
Yo James. I just heard that there was supposed to be a Terraria gameband smartwatch before the company disappeared or something. What's your opinion on whether Red would consider having something similar, whether a whole watch or just an app etc that is functionally a terraria pip boy.  Where doing things like meeting activity goals etc and other productivity boosters give you small in game rewards tied to whatever version of the game you play. Small. Like herb bags and things similar to it but with a small chance of it being better.  I've been playing this game since 2011.  It was a cracked version of the game. And the graphics took up about 50mb while the rest took up another 12 or so. Since then I've only come to love it more. I own it on multiple platforms including twice on pc (gog and steam).  I never got the mobile version because I don't do mobile gaming as a preference.   But I would sure as hell buy a terraria smart watch that did this.  If One Drop shipped to my country I'd have bought the Terrarian by now. If you think he'd consider it, could you ask him?  I don't remember my login details for the forum.  It's been a long time since I've visited there.
more to potion crafting would be sick, like time variations and stuff (kinda like minecraft with redstone and glowstone)
Personally, i'd love a separate slot for wings and maybe more accessory slots. Who knows.
items that become obsolete, but fun despite that? well, breathing reed comes to mind. even outside of the obvious fishman hardmode replacement, with the grind for the arctic diving helmet, the breathing reed becomes ever more niche. (only remaining function is hiding from enemies repelled by or floating on water.) With the items we do have, there are limited options to help the "obsolete" problem, but i can think of one potential upgrade: lava immunity. Not full immunity, but the closest comparison i can think of is the lava shark mount. Whilst the upgraded reed is above the lava, you take no lava damage. The moment it gets submerged under the lava, your invincibility ends. Ideas on the process of upgrading: Breathing reed (base)+ lava charm or variants (for protection)+ (?) ice skates or arctic diving gear (insulation). Or we could go in a different direction: breathing reed dropped in shimmer gives a base breathing upgrade, increasing either breathing range (fulfilling the same purpose as the reed without needing to hold it) or increasing the duration the player can hold their breath (including land-bound gills potion and fishbowl helm).
shield of cthulu and ankh shield
Can we make it so we can combine potions they take up so much inventory space
I would like Lava Waders + Amphibian legs, please.  That, or lucky Horseshoe + Lucky Coin.
I want a freakin stepstool buff
the amount of love still being poured into this game and community is astonishing, youd never see such a thing with AAA games
I love terraria fortnite
I think a Skyblock map should have random Islands for each biome, and instead of progressing downwards and sideways like in the normal maps, you have to unlock better and better wings and other things that give you verticality, and as you go higher, you reach harder biomes. Then, after WOF, you have to progress back down to reach all of the hardmode stuff.
I think some more pre hard mode ranger accessories would be good
It would be nice to be able to combine the Treasure Magnet with the Encumbering Stone to be able to have an item pickup range slider for your character. Obviously, have it be a consumable like the Loaf of Bread
skyblock seed but the mixed seeds change which type it is maybe? 2:40
There was a newer thread about adding Star/Cloud Trees.
Are they finally going to fix the spine lighting on moonlord?
I absolutely LOVE the scourge of the corruptor, by far my favourite weapon in the game but i can barely use it for a boss before it becomes mostly useless. Wish there were more versions in phm or late game
one thing that i do in literally every playthrough is forget to grab a hellforge. so, i think making it craftable with a furnace and 30 hellstone ore (similar to how adamantite/titanium forge recipe) would be really handy, especially considering (in my opinion) its fairly logical  also, for the skyblock seed, they could make hellstone obtainable through obsidian crates and/or mob drops. this could make the craftable hellforge idea better or become a skyblock seed exclusive.  id also like to see a new structure, maybe some form of optional temple in the sky that extends above the original world border and goes upwards, leading to a fight against a new cloud/sky themed boss/miniboss with new weapons and maybe an accessory it would probably fall into a similar place in progression to the BOC/EOW, but im not really sure where would be a good place to put it
4:19 Terra blade 😢
Maybe make the love potion increase NPC happiness.
4:13 maybe use love potions to artificially increase NPC happiness for players who wish to avoid the system?
Imagine seed combinations with skyblock. Like not the bees and skyblock.
wand of sparking goes obsolete really quickly
I think you can already change the color of drones, dye the goggles I believe?
Somebody PLEASE Request a plantera spawner it’s literally the worst part of the game
I agree. Bone Glove deserves more.
I feel meteorites should have a greater spawn rate for the first one atleast. By the time one spawns im 3 sets of armor past it
love potion could raise the happiness of nearby NPCs, making them sell items for slightly less and buying for slightly more, but not making the pylons purchasable
I love that the devs are touching up moonlord's sprite. Perhaps they will look over some other outdated boss sprites. I always love the work they do when changing looks.
Moonlord legs?
Keep in mind not everyone has access to steam workshop us console people would love more seeds that add things like skyblock.
The terraria devs are truly unlike any others, they truly care about their community and their game which is so refreshing considering most game companies these dahs
Terra Blade becomes so useless so fast after Cultist :( My favourite Terraria weapon as well :(
Personally. I am a Yo-Yo fan, but the Yo-Yo class could use a little more pizzazz. Like if you could add the ability to change the purpose of a Yo-Yo like in super smash bros where some of the characters can change whether they are going for speed or power or range etc. Like a Yo-Yo accessory that gives you the ability to select what purpose for in the moment uses of your Yo-Yo would be swell.
After beating moonlord It would be cool if you could combine any pair of wings with the soaring insignia
Eating 3 food within the buff timer should give you a debuff called "constipation". When you sit on a toilet with it, instead of pooping, you die with the status message "<Name> ruptured from explosive diarrhea," and convert nearby walls to poo walls and scatter poop blocks around the area.
It would be nice if you could combine the Ankh Shield with something like the Paladins Shield. Boosting defense to 6 or maybe 8, but not cursing the player with receiving friendly damage. It'd be a convenient endgame item.  Or maybe, combining the Ankh Shield with the Shield of Cthulhu. One of the first boss items in the game being combined with a tedious to make Shield would be fun.
The combination for the bone glove could go with the fire gauntlet as a kind of mixed thrower/melee accssesory, while an idea for the love potion would be that it significantly reduces the price of items in an npcs shop if you throw it at them and yourself
ngl, the love potion should make enemies passive towards you unless you attack them after
honestly was not expecting anything today,  i shouldve known 😊
There need to be written books in terraria. So much stuff to do, I always loose track. I would love to be able to log tasks and goals
I personally think that they should add mod support for xbox players. like skyrim or fallout. an ingame mod menu that you can download mods from.
What if you could combine the philosopher's stone into mana accessories like the mana cloak to reduce the effects of mana sickness in some way, kind of like how the obsidian rose was added to lava waders.
4:10 Oye, Chippy, un uso para la Poción de Amor podría ser que al arrojarla a un NPC este suelte Partículas de Corazones, pero, que dependiendo de sus NPC vecinos, estás partículas varíen dependiendo de qué tan feliz se siente con sus Compañeros de Hogar. Por ejemplo: La Enfermera y el Traficante de Armas, si le arrojas una poción a cualquiera de los dos, soltará un efecto de Partículas de Corazón palpitante, en cambio, si el NPC vive con alguien que le desagrade, que suelte algo como Corazones Rotos de color oscuro. En cuanto a efectos del Jugador, sería agradable que aumente su tiempo de duración, ya que el efecto es bonito, y que también se elimine con un Click Derecho cuando el jugador guste, en caso de no querer esperar a que acabe el efecto. Estás ideas no la vuelven una poción revolucionaria, pero les da un uso levemente más relevante en las partidas.
Coloring the Kwad Racer Drone already exists. Just like the stardust guardian, you put a dye in the pet slot and it colors the drone Edit: It also colors the trail the drone makes.
I randomly got your couch from Skeletron yesterday which I didn't know about and I hope Red does something for the Yoyos(other than the Terrarian) because they seem stale without any vivid effects.
Favorite item that becomes obsolete has to be magnet sphere. It's so cool, but the difficulty in getting it combined with it's power level means it rarely sees real use in my playthroughs
Personally the Stink potion should lower enemy aggro on you by a percentage. That would make it work nicely.
The best thing about the Calamity mod is the boots + wings combo and seeing it in the base game would be awesome
I’ve always thought moonlord was kinda lackluster. Cool, for sure, but he never felt like a proper fight, just like a screeching corpse with a bullet hell ghost attached. But that resprite made him look SO MUCH more expressive and alive.
Wait what
I think the love potion should make all enemies it hits attack other monsters for like, 30s or something.
Tbh I need to ask of something too.  A mix of all expert mode items, that way I can have my shield of Cthulhu, worm scarf, bone hand/glove and the items from queen bee, I love the player getting doused in honey when attacked, but I had to give that up in order to have my celestial stone and fire gauntlet.
I wonder if they added moonlord feet
Something Ive always thought would be a thing and should be a thing is a Combination of panic necklace and cross necklace. it feels so obvious since they are both necklaces and both activate after getting hit.
i would imagine a skyblock map as being where every biome is a floating island of sorts, and the underground is a bunch of small clusters of these islands, with ores and such throughout. Something that would be really cool for a skyblock map would be to maybe have it so if a player would fall to the bottom of the map and touch the bottom, they would fall through and just have some sort of special death message, sort of like minecrafts "Steve Fell through the world" message.
Love potion makes enemies drop more hearts? Idk
I think the love potion should reduce npc prices, or maybe charm enemies for a small amount of time
We need hardmode ore helmets for summoner. Can someone deliver that idea to the devs for me?
Sounds like a lot of entitled people crying to Red
"final update guys"
They added moonlord legs finally 😂😂😂 They r out to get ya ! 😂😂😂
I have a genius ida for love potion. It make NPC follow you for the duration.  Easy to drag them into some places and even making an army of NPC to fight for you xD
I swear Red is like a really cool uncle
I love this game, but it's time for Terraria 2
Love potion should make NPC happiness maximum for better prices when you drink it. Just sayin.
It would be cool if after moonlord you go into space and fight another boss
I would love an update to the lightning boots, where the crafting recipe includes magniluminescence which is one of my favourite accessories, it makes you faster and provides light, so it would be perfect for the lightning boots.
Trying to collect all the items in Terraria( journey mode) guys wish me luck !! I’m gonna need it with all these updates
I wish there was a good seed or world gen option that adds both crimson and corruption.
dont do too much damage to that skeletron
If they had upgrades for the biome chests loot they would be cool to grind for
I still want the ability to click and drag blocks into place you still need the right amount of blocks in your inventory maybe being able to have like a blueprint device or something click on one spot then go click on another spot and it will fill with blocks or click and then dragged to another spot and it will fill with blocks especially for console ill make building Arenas so so much better I would love to pitch this idea to him where is the best place to do that at
Skyblock seed could spread the cloud and make dirt into cloud and stone into scyblocks
Imagine mod terraria on mobile 😮
An accessory that combines wings with boots
I made a suggestion of an item that acted like a bloody tear, but instead of summoning a blood moon, it summoned rain and Redigit reacted with a thumbs up
i dont care about any of the possible updates i JUST WANT CROSSPLAY BETWEEN PC AND CONSOLE
Seeds, Seeds, Seeds, Seeds, to many focus on this, in the update.
Tell them to update the 360!
Relogic: "This is the final update I swear." Next update: "alright guys, what more should I add for the next update?"  It's seriously gotten to the point where I would be surprised if they actually had a final update.
in the upcoming terraria 2 I would love to see not only living trees again but hopefully a World Tree! one that goes high up in to the sky and maybe connected to some sky islands
Genuinely I think this game has the best community and devs
We need  More spears
what if: bone glove + ale tosser  the bones would be stronger and when hitting a wall  instead of bouncing it would send out small less damaging bone fragments, and also some spike trap like hot bone marrow stew thing that lays on the ground for a bit. that would be good in my opinion
I would love to see a fusion of Terraspark Boots and Wings. Or, the Soaring Insignia fused with Wings.   I'd love to be able to fuse two of the same weapons for an upgraded version. For example, I love the Bat staff for Summoner. It would be cool if you could take two if them and fuse them to make a "Greater" Bat Staff.
Lightnint boots and magniliminescense!!!!!!!!!!
I’ve got it on the drunk seed he gets legs that’s the new resprite
“Ok guys this is actually the last update”
I stopped watching about 3 years ago when the “last update” was about to come out
The tentacles are a bit jittery but overall very nice resprite
What about a new effect on the miner set? like that one mod who let you mine the entire ore vain?? thats a good quality of life change for us, i think
I have suggestions that could be worth a shot, but I sadly dont know the site that everyone uses to actually join the terraria community.  if anyone would be happy to tell me, I'd appreciate it.
The living tree on the floating island might be a combination with the drunk seed.
I think that a good use for the love potion would be that when you throw it at 2 npcs, their happiness meter will increase to 100% if they are in the same town, like the goblin tinkerer and mechanic or arms dealer and nurse
I really don't think boots with wings would be that overpowered and if it is, it could be an end game accessory with the terra spark boots and any of the lunar wings, this way there's more optimization for class setups in the post-game
Can you source the info you talk about? In the vid description please.
I play as ranger and I would like to have more types of unlimited ammo. I would like people to have a Spiffo plush with them at all times.
Why not make the love potion give npcs an item discount for a while?
Im the only one that is waiting for some new bosses in Terraria? It been so long, and im not realy a mod player. New items in Terraria is cool but for me the game is still dead.  sorry.
I would love a skyblocj seed because im nit olayung on pc
Worm Scarf and Brain of Confusion tinkerer combination. That totally won't be OP
final update looks good to bad there won't be anymore updates after this right?
Give us a  secondary set of accessory slots that can't be reforged.
wasn’t the final terraria update like 6 updates ago lol
i feel like you should be able combine all of the boss accessories together
We want combination of ALL (or part of) Expert mode exclusive boss acc!!!
I think it'd be cool if the Love Potion could increase an NPCs happiness in some way.  For those players that don't want to but them in their proper biomes with who they like, or who just still want to have all the NPCs together in a hotel.
bone glove and bone helm is my favorite
What is really needed is a massive rework of magic and ranged weapons, like melee had. Because now melee is better ranged than ranged and better magic than magic. Can use best armors, deals most damage, uses no resources like ammo or mana, has massive AoEs and long ranges, knockback and other utilities... So once a decent melee weapon is obtained, there is very little reason to not use it.
What about a way to combine Soaring Insignia with the player's wings?
thats not better thats just fucking horrible i dont care if you like this shit or not that is just bad and nobody asked for it
Something about Flairon makes me wonder... For normal flails, after its being thrown, you can hold attack and make it drop on the ground, keep dealing contact damage. And I wonder if Flairon will keep generating bubbles when dropped on the ground?
Moonlord's hands look softer and the fingers closer together, plus, the eye is different. There are no veins in it, and the iris is glowing. I'm excited to see the chest though
A really cool feature that instantly came to my mind with the love potion is making NPC's follow you if you're trying to reposition them instantly without moving out of the area, or them getting in the way of building.
yeah, but a made map is static, thats kind of lame, i hate static worlds when random generation is a thing. so an actuaol skyblock seed would be great.
I was wondering if there was a way to optimise the storage system, or maybe enabling a crafting station to craft items from nearby chests within a designated range or by using wires. Just an idea though
Pygmy Necklace plus Avenger Emblem was always a concept I had. I get that the team doesn't want to have too many summon slots available, but I feel like it can be made so that Pygmy Necklace's minion slot wouldn't stack with its counterparts.
0:10 the mechanical bone club and a Ankh charm upgrade or a different version of the Ankh charm
So it’s not an item but after you enter hard mode chests become almost nearly useless to maybe if there’s a way to track if a chest hasn’t been opened the ores (and perhaps a few of the items to include things like the treasure magnet) could replace them after the alters are broken?  Also fairies suck when they take you to your own chest
I think it would be cool to have an upgrade to the crystal serpent maybe the upgrade could kinda evolve the serpent making it a basilisk or a dragon, also wish ranger and melee would get some more weapons
I just want one thing. That is the ability to give armor and accessories to NPC which could be fun. They die too fast and the 2 permanent buff they get is ok but they are too weak for hardmode. Like atleast we can get to give them armor and weapons which changes their playstyle too or something. Could be fun if we can do it.
Oww, not Moonlord farming anymore!
Chippy I guess wanted to let you know that there is a tool being made that makes it so you can make your own mods without programming knowledge it's called tcreator it's in it's very early stages though love the terraria news videos
6:06 this spoiler could possibly be a sort of testing map for a skyblock seed, maybe the spawn? It would have a sky chest that could serve as a starting chest so it would make some sense
something i've really wanted to see for a while now (and am honestly surprised that i haven't seen anyone bring it up) is shimmer upgrade icons like, just something in the hud that tells you what shimmer upgrade you have and don't have (including the artisans loaf), because there have been so many times where i forgot that i already got the upgrade, and then i go try to get it, and it turns out i already had it! it's not ever really all that horrible game play or resource wise but it does get annoying pretty fast
no expert mode exclusive accessory can be combined with anything.
I don't want a skyblock, but i do want a seed for the tutorial world. I always loved exploring it, as it's like nothing else you could get in generation.
Hey I just found this out about shimmer I haven't seen any videos on it though so could you make one basically I found it if you shimmer dungeon brick it turns into ancient blue brick from the older versions I've only tried it with one color so I don't know if I can create the other colors
I was just thinking meteors covered the world in dust. A meteor fall could trigger an event like solar eclipse but different.   Maybe it lasts through the night and day. It’s just a vague idea but if there was something in the works it could be just the needed idea.
Pygmy Necklace :< with Shark Tooth Necklace or Stinger Necklace. Would add SO much value. @.@  Additionally, combination of the 4 old one's army accessories. Dunno what it'd be, but something like 2-3 Sentry Slots + Minion damage? Or maybe 2 Sentry Slots + 1 Minion Slot. 🤷‍♀  Terraspark Boots with Flight Insignia and/or Master Ninja Gear  Worm Scarf + Brain of Confusion + Shield of Cthulu  Bone Helm + Spore Sac + Volatile Gel just loads of passive damage! =D
I think it would be great if the love potions interacted with NPC happiness in some way.  Like maybe used makes an NPC happy with their current housing for pylons or something.
Really want multiple sky island seeds. There are plenty of ways to go about it. Maybe they will make some blocks renewable like dungeon or temple blocks
What if you make the love potion increase villager happiness while it's active
For the new moon lord sprite,  He finally did it        HE CUT HIS FINGER NAILS LESS GOOO
for the question about items going obsolete, i always adored Katana from the Traveling Merchant. its a pretty damn solid melee weapon if you can get it early, but it just loses all value after Hard Mode. im sure thats just a side effect of the weapon's stats, but i do think it would be AWESOME to add some kind of upgrade to it, like maybe a Right-Click attack that can parry, or quick slash like the classic anime sword move. there was a lot of changes in the Melee Rework that i love, but i still do wish my beloved Katana could get something new eventually
I wish there were more accessories related to evil biomes
I wonder if they plan to remaster other boss sprites after Moon Lord.
How about the Love potion makes NPC's follow you around?
How bout ninja gear and the dashing accessories added to the ankh shield kind of like the eye of cuthulu shield but for late game
Its never gonna happen but i wish for post moonlord you could combine a dash with your chosen wings because i crave power
the eye on The Moon Lord's head is resprited, too. and I wonder if the True Eyes of Cthulhu are resprited
Where can I make suggestions to relogic?  I really want them to consider making a the guide crafting table available on the character itself or at least an item that can be found. For new to moderately new players it’s very hard to keep going back to the guide every time a bag is full to check what can be crafted, and I feel it would create a more enjoyable adventure experience
I think there should be a display of how many minion slots a player has, and how many are being used.
Not necessarily related to any of the questions asked, but I think the terrablade should have two crafting recipes, each wielding either the past or present features. The old terrablade (perhaps renamed to something like ‘Hero’s Sword’) would be crafted like the old terrablade, whereby you would have to craft it using 3 broken hero swords, instead of one, or perhaps even using the old crafting recipes for the nights edge and Excalibur creating the same idea of multiple choices. The current terrablade would be unchanged, meaning that we would get an option for either crowd control or single target damage (or both, if a player wants to put the effort in)
My question comes as, with the update allowing cross play with pc. Would the implant of mods be allowed in console as well? Such as calamity and other great additions. It's been something bothering a group of my friends lately.
I would like an accessory that grants bonuses based on what biome you are currently in, which can be alternated with the monoliths
They should add a sand wip or another name for it a windy dessert wip
7:40 are we finally going to see moon lords legs outside of the item
I want the Devs to put and make earrings as an accessories
A skyblock map would generate all of the core elements of the world, but all the stuff in between wouldn't be there.
4:19 Life fruit. We have heart lanterns, a use for life fruit could be nice.
2:50 I would love on like the terraria tutorial world (the console one). Maybe make it completely safe in the middle
Hey @ChippyGaming how about fuzzing the banners into one, let´s call it One for All, xD or fuse the banners into the armors?
one of the best game devs
Skyblock starts with only the necessary things to beat the game, but to be able to defeat every boss they could add an npc that sells every block (only on skyblock)
The Accessoires combination i thick is lacking, is a ultimate summon accessory from class emblems series. Summoner is the only one without such, and ranger and melee even got a variety in those in 1.4. This would be lovely if they pull up mage and summoner to a level
Theblove potion should ve throwable and make shops have the max happiness for a limited time. Itd make it so you dont have to go out if your way to get good prices but without being free.
Hey Mr. Chippygaming could you give my idea to Red of combining the glove warmer from christmas gifts so annoying from ice queens from frost moon event.
I think that a good use for the love potion is to change npc preferences. So you can change who loves/likes who. Can be usefull for better prices and a more diverse pylon network
Pygmy necklace + shark tooth necklace would be sweet
“What’s your favorite item that eventually becomes obsolete?”  *dart gun fans sweating profusely*
I'd really like to see a shimmer transmutation to get the First Fractal from the Zenith, not that the FF is a better weapon, I just like the way it looks.
I think Terraspark amphibian boots would be nice, but also busted. But regardless, Amphibian boots will still be better! Woo let's go amphibian boots!!!
I can't believe this video has made it into the top 50 on trending, it just shows how wide this community really is!  Also does anyone know where chippy finds these spoilers? I'm sure he's mentioned where before but I can't remember where
How can i see these tweets ???
4:18, believe it or not, for me it would be the Zenith, once you get familiar with the way it works, the game just suddenly becomes SO easy, I've fought the Moonlord nearly 30 times in a row barely taking any damage, I even moded it so I could fight multiple Moonlords at a time, and it was STILL too easy for me, I had to DOWNGRADE myself for Moonlord to actually be a challenge, I even got on my journey world and turned the difficulty up all the way, and was still not enough.
Desert being stronger than jungle? Since when.
A cool acessory idea would be to combine the Royal Gel + Bone Helm + Hige Pack + Volitile Gelatin + Spore Sack + Shiny Gem + Something to prevent knockback. (Maybe the ahnk sheild? Or would that be too much?) Or maybe it would be cool to just have one huge acessory that's a combination of all the expert mode exclusive ones?  Either way it would be perfect for when you're mining ir fishing and cant really defend yourself, as you could still protect yourself using all the passive attacks from the acessories and keep yourself alive with the shiny gem (+ possible knockback immunity).   I suggest this because most of the expert mode acessories never get much use due to them always being inferior to other acessories you could use. Plus I just like the idea of making a super acessory out of all the boss acessories.
The death sickle is my favorite item that I wish had an end game upgrade
Have y'all heard of a combination between the Brain of Confusion and the Worm Scarf? A lot of mods like doing that.
I loved it when I could shield myself from boss lasers with built covers. That's the point of this game - I can build and prepare for a fight instead of going yolo. Relogic ruin their game same as anyone else. They don't change something often though and that saves the game. Why is everyone so afraid of a bit of stability? Stop fixing what's not broken. For once. Adding new stuff is way better. But the best is to keep the old versions alive for those who don't want changes. Mod system is the perfect approach. Those who want new add mods to make the game what they want it to be, those who want classic stay classic. No one is hurt.
Bottle + Wings. I don't know if the bug still exists, but back before Journey's End, there was this weird bug involving having a bottle and wings equipped simultaneously that caused wings to fail to work when you jumped, and I would always unequip the bottle to avoid triggering the bug. It'd be nice if the bottle were merely changed to give a boost to takeoff speed and max fly time instead.   Fishing Tackle Bag. It has zero combat use, so why not allow us to throw it in the shimmer to get a consumable version that gives us the fishing buffs permanently? I hate having to swap accessories just to go fishing, and then end up forgetting to switch back or something. Same goes for the Builder's Toolkit. These are two accessories that give non-combat buffs that are so niche and only used occasionally that it feels like they ought to be permanent buffs instead.   Auto-Use on all weapons. Please. I'm tired of wearing out my mouse button and risking RSI in the earlier parts of Terraria where you have to spam click everything because very few weapons have auto-use.
I think the love potion should be used to splash in npcs to raise their happiness temporarily
i love the xenopopper but its just so pointless eventually when so much ends up out dpsing it
1st question: a combo of the fire glove, mana flower, molten quiver, ankh shield, recon scope, and the papyrus scarab but was made at the tinkering table and ancient manipulator.  Question 2: the whole game on a skyblock but there's separate skyblock islands for the other items. But you can't get all items normally from islands but from npcs.  Question 3: the wand of sparking, with like 10 souls of night and light and like 5 of each mech boss  souls it should be made into a more op version of it.
BRO, the new moonlord looks fan made art lmao I love it
Can we get dungeon guardian after the skeletron boss. I want that bone key in my world without other maps🥲
"I wonder if they made any changes to (moon lord's) body"  *Moon lord legs*
Mounts need some love, theres no need to use any of them, using boots and wings makes mounts completely useless
honestly for Skyblock to not be grindy and awful it almost certainly needs a new fishing rod that just gets crates or something because as it stands getting life crystals and kitting out requires way too much time
wouldn't it be cool if the love potion lowered prices
Okay the Moonlord resprite is honestly insane. Moon Lord's sprite is already one of the most complex and well-made ones in the entire game, if not *THE most complex, and seeing it getting redone to make it EVEN BETTER is genuinely such amazing news.  Anyways, *0:11* I always wanted a sort of ''ultimate mobility accessory,'' and I see a few that could work. A combination between Terraspark Boots and Frog Gear, a combination between T.B. and Master Ninja Gear and a sort of an ''Ultimate bundle of balloons,'' made from every single balloon [Blizzard, Cloud, Sandstorm, Fart, Honey and Sharkron in a balloon], plus a lucky horseshoe, and of course I can't forget, an upgrade to the Arctic Diving Gear! Maybe with frog gear (Some sort of a ''Newt Gear'' that allows you to be fast and mobile both on land AND water), lava charm (Magma diving gear, maybe could allow you to swim in lava and honey too!) or anything else imaginable. I consider A.D.G. to be quite a versatile accessory, but it very easily becomes obsolete after you acquire Neptune's Shell.
Oh... I can't wait to see it!              *also the First Fractal, i need it.*
Maybe the secret seed with the living tree (if it is a secret seed that is) could be called "Not the Trees" and just be Not the Bees but there are giant living trees and living rich mahogany trees all throughout the world
i feel like there should be an ultimate accessory that uses all expert accessories or something like that..
A pair of Wings and the terraboots will be cool, they could call it, the "Hermes-Hermes Boots"
Is it possible to have Tmodloader for mobile?
I would like seeing a combination of the terraspark boots and the soaring insignia (Expert EoL drop)
Relogic has to be the most liked dev team for any game ever
combine bone glove with the others like it.  there is like 5 boss items that shoot projectiles from your mele
I personally think that the bone glove should be able to be combined with other accessories like it. The accessory that drops from Deerclopse and Plantera come to mind.
Is there a way to see what permanent buffs a player has? If There are more buffs coning it would be handy to know which ones you have or need to aim for
Shark Tooth Necklace has one recipe
I think you should know that Red liked a post I made on the TCF about making flower vine ropes. I included sprites on the post. I really hope it gets put in! Lol
actually you can change the drone color, it just uses the pet color you set with paint
I would like to forge a anhk and eye of Cthulhu shield I want to use both bc I want to be able to dash without needing to get rid of one of my precious item slots
I think there should be a way to combine the celestial cuffs with the magnet flower, maybe also combine that with other mana flower accessories like the cloak or putrid scent
imagine what minecraft could have been if re logic made it instead of mojang  also what i don't want to imagine is what terraria would be like if it was made by mojang and microsoft
4:19 daedalus stormbow, i only use it to beat the destroyer and then that's it
Having the Skyblock seed have its own very unique mechanics
For skyblock seed: a floating island sized map that starts on space
Magiluminescence combined with something would be great, I love the accessory but never have any space for it after prehm Maybe shield of cthulu or terraspark boots?
It'd be rad if there was a skyblock seed that COMPLETELY removed fishing-exclusive items, in their entirety. All drops should have to be gotten from other sources like rare enemy drops, npc trades from specific criteria (like moon phases), and crafting.
Duck summon weapon
imagine the new seed starts with 555 xD p.s congrats,
It bugs me how you can't make a bundle of Balloons with the fart in a balloon, tsunami in a balloon, and the honey balloon
We need something called "The *Other* Bundle of Balloons" which would combine the Balloon Pufferfish, Honey Balloon and Fart in a Balloon.
For a skyblock seed, my first thought is to massively boost how lucky fishing is. That's like the main way you get a ton of things is fishing them up, but much of what you need like biome crates and life crystals are extremely rare since you're not meant to get everything that way
Flying knife
Hey chippy didnt u think its better if red added Sharp bullet?
I think they only showed Moon Lord's head to hide the fact, that the sprite now will have two new, fully functional legs :D
I CAN'T BELIEVE THAT I WAS IN THIS VIDEO! DragonLord8459 is me!
i wish there was a pet zenith that looks like a heart amulet and maybe a demon heart amulet for master mode peta
Wings and Boots. It'd have to be some kind of End Game SUPER long craft, cuz....it'd be super powerful. But I don't like having to "Waste" 2 accessory slots for wings AND boots.
Love potion could easily be related to npc happiness, like using it raises their satisfaction one level, temporarily or permanently, or it can be used to set an npc's favorite npc, like if you wanted to change the arms dealer to love the tax collector instead of the nurse for the lols
I wouldn't mind some combo with the bone helm, or at least an upgraded version so its more valid to use later into the game Edit. This is definitely my fav item that becomes somewhat obsolete, only saw that question now lol
5:53 secret seed that spawns you in a vertical world?? (same world gen as normal, except the length and height of the world is inverted
We need a Rework of the dungeon defenders event. It’s such a snooze feast and way too long
it was never good, decent at best
Wings + soaring insignia tinker
concidering theyre changing the moon lord sprite to look better and a lot more smooth i hope they do the same with the rest of the bosses
I think the key to making a "casual-friendly" skyblock is to have plenty of dirt/arcorns and shimmer on the skyblock, since wood can be shimmered into more dirt, and acorns make wood a renewable resource.
2:40 i think a skyblock seed would be like a whole bunch of floating islands
Why isn't there a accessory that give the player access to infinite summons, ik it would like break the game but you could have it so that it's basically impossible to get like a boss that is like the dungeon guardian but it got projectiles
I wish more of the summoner gadgets could be combined, like an ultimate summoner gadget. Melee has a gadget like that, ranged has a gadget like that, magic has a gadget like that too, I feel like summoner needs a Better gadget combination, combining more of the summoner's gadgets
I feel like we're going to get a living tree seed
I would like to see the empress of light item combined with wings, or the terra spark boots so it doesnt take up 2 slots
Combo for all pre-hardmode expert mode boss drops
Since Wings are so mandatory particularly late game it would be nice to see them get a dedicated slot with the armor/equipment slots.
I agree with your thoughts on the treasure magnet. It’s probably the only shadow chest item that I just leave in the chest because I don’t want to use an accessory slot for it.
I've beaten FTW master mode and legendary seed on legendary difficulty with my friend. (he only plays the hardest seeds smh) and seeing that FTW is getting changes, oh no... Am I gonna have to replay it again?? X'D
Terraspark boots + soaring insignia and brain of confusion + worm scarf would be epic   Edit: (Accessory combination)
I would love to have the ability to automate certain things later in the game such as rather than having to re-sow herb seeds, some sort of auto planter etc, maybe even have some more potions and summoner items that do various things a bit different to what we have normally. I definitely would love more summons!
hand of creation + toolbox + toolbelt + mechanical lens + presserator + greedy ring + spectre googles + ultrabright helmet = Bob the builder starter pack Lol
4:18 The Vampire Knives that you get from the Crimson biome chest! I love how attacking with the weapon and getting those dregs of healing feels, but by the time I'm reasonably getting it in proper progression (without farming for it intentionally), it's already fallen off too far to be useful. Knowing that people can get the weapon the moment they kill WoF, I'd want an upgrade that ups the raw damage of the weapon and the decreases the degree of spread of the knives. Leave the healing effect alone, maybe even make it worse, I just want to feel like I can actually use the weapon instead of everything else
I think more combinations of weapons would be nice  sure, we got the Terra Blade but there isn't really a Ranged, Mage or Summoner counterpart
Lore of Terraria's final boss just got even better momentum 100
The rock golem is a rare enemy but still requires 50 kills for the banner. Make it less!
alright hear me out, for the accessory thing what if we could mix all the balloon/double jumps together. and the horseshoe.
Combining the frog gear with the master ninja gear has gotta be something I want. Because it sucks to sacrifice auto jump for a dash and dodge.
first day!
Love potion could make npcs ok with living with each other
I need the skyblock seed ASAP!
3:16 while yes u can get skyblock worlds on steam u can only use steam for that on pc. Some of us don't have a pc and can't afford one and play on mobile or console so having a seed for skyblock would great because then those who don't have or can't afford a pc can also join in on the fun. U can't just say ( well there are lots of skyblock worlds on steam ) cuz then ur showing ur ignorance of those who can't use steam for worlds.
the idea for new effect of Love Potion could be something like when you throw it on npc he has "nurse/gunseller" status with its neighbour
Can anybody give me any tips for Thorium ranger old one's army? I am playing solo and i want a bit of advice on what accessories or weapons i should use
Forget all this, all I want is an upgraded grave diggers shovel
really hope that center eye on moonlord is just wip cause original is just so much better
I agree with the treasure magnet! Especially in late game when you have summon the dragon, he constantly attacks everything even far away from the screen. It's hard to tell if you missed some important loot.
The new flairon will be a simple afk farm 😂
Hey i would say it is sad you cant combine the eol expert drop with any wings
Magiluminescence neeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeds a combination
I would love some boot wings, similar to Calamity's boot wings. Even if it's a mid-late hardmode item.
When is crossplay
My favorite item that is obsolete is the paintball gun, its such a fun wepon and is okay-ish in combat too.
How about the treasure magnet letting you pick up items by hovering over them with your cursor
Combining the expert drops would be interesting.
4:20 not sure if this counts but my favourite looking sword is the Blood Butcherer, but obviously, being a crimson weapon, it becomes useless once you reach the underworld
I would love it if there was a combination for the bone glove with the bone helm. Especially because you get these items late in pre-hardmode and they almost instantly lose their functionality. If we could COMBINE them then they would be useful for longer I think.   Also I would like to see a ranged summoner weapon included in the game. Whips are fine but like a magic weapon that is SUMMON type so I don't have to be so close to the bosses as they hurt when you're a summoner.
What about Bone glove and the skull from deerclops?
dass lit
What about music change
What i would like to see is that like all movement accessorys could be combined into one like wings, master ninja gear, soaring insignia (ect)
Well chippy... i have an feature i was thinking of for months now... for rangers that you should have a menu like the grand design for the ammo to use because its annoying that you have to open your inventory to switch for the specific ammo
If only they'd fix the AWFUL console controls I'd comeback to Terraria. PC version is great but console controllers just don't have enough buttons for proper hot keys and remapping them is extremely complicated and doesn't really seem to work you almost always remap over existing ones. The analog sticks move your cursor WAAAAAAY to slow for combat like by the time you turn to shoot at an enemy they're already on the other side of you. The auto aim shoots at everything you don't want it to shoot at and I could go on but IMO Its like they gave up on the console versions and don't address the issue even though a lot of us complain about it. I'd definitely refund my purchase if I could and anyone thinking of buying the console version should consider how bad the controls will affect the quality of your experience.
I wish some of the old content from console that was removed returned like horned god vanity set and bring rounded Hellforges and furnaces from shimmering or crafting it with heavy and/or ecto mist.
Ngl, I kinda want the crafting to be more comfortable. After playing with Magic Storage, I realized how inconvenient the craft menu is in Vanilla.
A cool “sky lock seed, would be a world gen with no main landmass, but a bunch of smaller floating islands with the different biomes
Can you tell red to make us a new end game armor? Cosmic armor, where you combine every single pillars armor and just have a set bonus of all the combined armor,  Like flying infinitely since its cosmic, and idk some more bonus's, And 100 armor, don't ask me why so OP, well its end-game..... What did you expect.
An accessory i think is obsolete is the stalkers quiver. It gains the reduced aggro from the putrid scent but loses the crit rate and damage bonus....? Whats the point of using it over molten quiver then? Yeah the reduced aggro is nice in multiplayer but why not just have the putrid scent equipped too?  Along with this, id like to see an accessory combo with the putrid scent and shark tooth necklace. 5% crit chance, reduced aggro, and 10 armor penatration would make it actually pretty useful against a boss like destroyer, and should last all the way til after the mechs are beat in hm :)
I was thinking the love potion could have a pretty interesting use, because as it is right now, the princess fish needed to craft it actually sells for more than the potion does. I think it could be thrown at an npc and for 10 minutes, their happiness is maxed out, meaning cheaper shop prices, and you can buy the pylon for that biome, even if they’re with an npc they hate.
If they add a skyblock map I would like them to allow you to make different biome blocks using shimmer. For example if you put in dirt it turns to sand, sand turns to snow, snow turns to mud, etc. Right now the issue with skyblock is you can't really make the different biomes, meaning you just have to rely on the blocks you are given at the start, or use journey mode.
The love potion should increase the spawn rate of critters
Combining the expert mode drops with other accessories or even eachother would be so cool to me. Imagine mixing the world evil loot into an even stronger tanking item, or the royal jellies into something like the queen's slimes spawning to fight along side you! The Bone Glove and something like the Flesh Knuckles or one of the melee gloves could be really cool too, adding some extra damage along side.
7:42 Moon Lord now will have legzzzz
Bone glove should be combined with the berserkers gauntlet to make a wolverine reference
We need a paliden shield compination
Moon lord has legs now
Boots + Wings = Happiness
I want to add the Hand Warmer to my Ankh Shield :(
I would love to hear if tey would make a other more class
It would be cool if they added new summoners armors in 1.4.5
0:40 if the bone glove was combined with the hands accessory from deerclops it would be really cool
So many spoilers, and yet no signal of any chance of fractal coming to see the sunlight....
I would love the combonation of all expert mode boss acessories and the combination off celestial shell and ankh shield
2:50 honestly i think terraria skyblock should replace the entire world with a bunch of floating big islands, one of each biome, and have the player spawn with fledgeling wings like in journey mode to make it easier to explore
The infinite flight accessory and any wings, it would save space and would be wonderful for fights. Also anyone know how to quicktrash on teraria switch? If no one knows could someone ask Red to add it to switch? Thank you in advance!
Congrats Jim your gonna be a great father
A tree that reaches into space would be neat as a rare thing to be able to generate in a world.
2:25 now i realize how lucky i was when i got a head from my first golem 💀
Perhaps love potion could temporarily tame mobs to fight for you (Excluding bosses and mini bosses such as biome mimics)
3:00 while yes but  Thinks about us console players
If only nba2k had devs as communicative as red
i wanna see the hardmode summon accessories to be a combination as to free up some spots for other accessories for melee speed etc
its kinda off topic but i would really like a way to get the decorative natural items that grow, like the rocks or flowers, shrubs, for building detailed things
Worm scarf + brain of confusion = scarf of confusion or brain worm
I want the Ankh Charm to add more anti debuffs from other items such as the Hand Warmers one. It should be the ace of anti debuffs, right?
Soaring Insignia with any wing of choice would be nice so it doesn't take up a spot
I think that people with some of their comments will do nothing more than change a lot of things in the game for the bad. The change is good, but so many and so far apart, it doesn't seem like a good idea to me, I hope the developers know how to play well
Hey everyone. I've just startet playing Terraria with mods. I started with Calamity and then switched to thorium because i felt a little bit overwhelmed by all the things I can craft :D Would you say it is a better idea to start with a Thorium playthrough and after that with a calamity playthrough? I feel like when I'm starting with a calamity playthrough, Thorium could feel too easy?
I think that shimmering the bone glove into a consumable that retains its passive effect would be nice, and would give it some long term use
combine old ones army sentry accessories with a summoner accessory!!
I got a good idea a better way to get potions and create arenas and also some other ocean boss that allows you to get the fish finder components without fishing because fishing is boring and i just want the shell phone
Im still wondering why Magiluminescence has no combination, it is so useful and fun!
When i thought about accesories i instantly thought of master ninja gear. you could craft an upgrade of terraspark boots which can provide dashes. something simmilar to seraph tracers from calamity but instead of wings you get dash
“We only see the head of moon lord in this”      Legs?
I think it would be cool for the skelletron glove or what it was to be combined whit the magma glove so u can shot projectiles whit every melee weapon
HAVENT FINISHED WATCHING BUT HYPEDDDD FOR THE VID
Definitely something with the magiluminesence
Terraspark Boots plus Lucky Horseshoe?
Id like to see Terraspark boots be combined with wings, terraspark wings would make movement a breeze.
A good use of the love potion could be used on 2 npc,s to increase their opinion toward each other for hapiness
my favorite outclassed items are the phasesabers and ore swords/spears, they used to be good...
accessory idea: combination of all 3 expert "spawn things that hurt enemies around you" accessories, or just a combination of the one deerclops drops with queen slime's or something also is it me or is deerclops' fight impossible without cheese
I thought you can change the colour of racer drones, just dye your pet, I'm pretty sure it worked for me
Because all bunnies in a special seed (I think for the worthy) are replaced with explosive bunnies, 100% bestiary is impossible on that mode. I hope they make regular bunnies possible, though I don’t play special seeds too often.
I think it would be funny to be able to have 5 wings equipped at once
I just want more accessories to be conbineable this like the mana flower
4:05 A functionality for love potion I can think of is temporarily negating npc happiness penalties such as from dislikes and overcrowding but still requiring their likes to get bonuses.  5:22 The Flailron change also reminded me, I'd like it if they could add a secondary function for the Terra Blade where if you right click with it, it will be used as a shortsword and shoot the old projectile
The skyblock seed would be helpful for console players who don't have Steam Workshop but want to play skyblock, though
Bone glove + Bone helm. They are very similar items. They both have “bone” in their names. Make. It. Happen.
Where more infurnum mod
I think a cool use for the love potion is when you hit a npc or an enimy thay fall in love with you and start following you even when you are flying, while also supporting by atacking enimies or giving you buffs
For the obsolete item question, i think its the venom staff. Its a cheap, fast, good damage, acid venom inflicting weapon and it fires like a shotgun. Who doesnt want a magic poison shotgun? And its only made with the poison staff and chlorophyte bars. Really good up in hardmode. But does get outclassed by golem mage drops like heat ray
Where can you write to Red? Like twitter or…?
Was just thinking about it but They should consider bosses that enrage to drop a specific item based on enrage state similar to Daytime Empress of Light. Don’t know how keen they are to adding new items at this point but I feel like it’s something worth mentioning. Imagine getting a drop from surface Plantera or Queen bee or adding an enrage status to other bosses either via biome changes or day/night specific fights.
I think I need a combo for magiluminescence
Charm of Myths + Star Veil + Honeycomb/Maybe Sweetheart Necklace would be 100% awesome.
The Pygmy necklace should have a combo. I feel like the Star Veil and Charm of Myths could awesome.
i just want some more bosses and mobs because it would be fun when my brother plays so I don't know how to fight them.
Maybe have the love potion bypass the happiness system? I personaly still build npc hotels or villages rather than spreading them around and it would be nice to not have a price penalty in exchange for quality of life
My favorite item that becomes obsolete is definitely crimson/nimbus rod. I dunno why but I always gun for them in every plathrough and a stronger variant for late hardmode would be my dream terraria item.
shield of cthulhu needs some love, it's the best accessory in the early game
There should definitely be a frog leg and ninja gear combo
About a moonlord, maybe it's changes to every boss and they all will be animated
holy i didnt expect 1.4.5 being that huge considering that they moved onto the next game
i would love to see them doing something with the royal gel to make it actually valuable as a drop, an idea i had would that you could shimmer it into a permanent buff that only works on pre-hardmode slimes (and then maybe you could do the same with the volatile gel for hardmode slimes idk)
Items that are really fun but become obsolete? Easy - Meteor set and laser   I always got the impression there should be a viable hardmode equivalent, perhaps even 2, one for early hardmode using meteor and hallowed bars then a latter with conduit plating. Perhaps make it a tradeoff, while making the set's weapon(s maybe give options) free, double all other mana costs, you could still use a few spells but you'd be really focussed on the set. Anytime I played magic I would focus all my early effort into getting meteor, as eliminating the need for mana makes the gathering and exploring process so much better. Ranged got their bottomless arrow and bullets, melee is infinite but magic was always constrained to their mana pool and mana potions, set them free.  Edit: And apparently fix the tooltips, I checked the wiki, the meteor set works with zappinators but the actual mana value doesn't change, I had both of them before and just never noticed they cost 0 because why would the tooltip be wrong?
What I always wanted were Hybrid emblems. Something like a battlemage emblem giving +7,5% damage to both magic and melee damage. Maybe an accessory making true melee strikes regenerate mana. Or an accesory to empower melee projectiles by using mana.
It'd be nice to get the infinity gauntlet by combining the hand of creation with  the charm of myths, the greedy ring, band of starpower, power stone, diamond ring, and celestial shell.
What happened to last update
So my idea for a seed would be not to make a skyblock thing since there are good maps for it, instead it would be nice to have one where the whole world is floating islands of different sizes, maybe one biom per island
Charm of myth + ankh shield Fishing gear + accessories  Mining gear + ancient chisel
I'd love to see an upgrade to the Magiluminescence, most likely with some other movement accessory. It's the item that I try to craft asap when I start a new world, as its increase in movement speed and acceleration greatly helps going through the slog of the early game, however once I get to around Skeletron tier, I don't need it anymore, because having to use an extra accessory slot for it becomes not worth it after a certain point. I wish it was combined with boots or some other movement accessory when you reach Hardmode
I just love Arkhalis' attack animation so much and I NEEEEEEED a higher tier version of it. It's too beautiful of an item not to be present in the endgame! Please Red! 😭
The love potion could be changed into a throwable item, which when hitting NPCs will make them 99% happy for the rest of the day. (Not 100% because of the achievement)
Insane Man's Gauntlet -12% increased melee speed -100% increased melee knockback -10% increased melee weapon size +10 defense -Increased enemy aggro +True Melee Strikes now Summon a Huge Bone +Swinging your sword gives off a spinning bone projectile(scales off base wpn dmg)
The primary item combination I'd want is to be able to combine the Magiluminescence with the Treasure Magnet to make a Lazy Forager from DST with the effects of both. Or just treasure magnet combos in general
SKYBLOCK FOR CONSOLE PLAYERS :)
4:20 Copper shortsword
Sky block is easy, obviously make sure there's shimmer, but early game frost legion, rebalanced it to be a pre hard mode event in the seed that works like blood moons, giving players access to every biome in pre hard mode, I'm playing a cuson skyblock myself and the lack of snow is bugging me
A visibility toggle on vanity slots would be amazing - sometimes one just wants to use them for swapping accessories on the fly!
how is red so great i wish they had the same with MC
I mean, sky block really isn't that hard if you think about it. For that specific seed all you have to do is have you spawn on a sky island with a pair of fledgling wings and have the merchant npc sell the soaring insignia, a drop from the Empress Of Light that gives you endless flight. After that, its just a matter of making all of the biome specific and ore specific islands as well as island versions of the dungeon and the golem temple.
Combining together the emblems and necklace accessories or emblems and bracelet-type accessories makes sense. Shields also probably had emblems in the past I think? Would be cool to combine them with fishing and building accessories also.
It would be cool a seed where you start in a spawn cave and have reversed gravity
Hmm, how about if you got splashed by a love potion. mobs/enemies in a certain diameter with you in the middle would be attracted to you, so they all go to you ignoring your friends/npcs that wasn't splashed. The stink potion would work the same but instead they go away from the splashed person
Honestly we shouldnt have even worried about major updates, there will be more differences between 1.4 and 1.4.5 than 1.3 and 1.4
6:00 is probably about the tree reaching floating island? Correct me if im wrong lol
Thought Red deleted his twitter account
i would love to see the stink/love potion allow NPC's caught in it's AOE to love or deteer from you and would either follow you or run away from you depending on what you throw (then for the drunk seed swap over the functions ;)  )
Add 300 more fishing quests for a new badge because 200 isnt enough
A post moon lord accessory crafted at shimmer with a guide voodo doll, 99 greater healing potions, a charm of myths and a mana flower that makes an accessory called the nurse voodo doll that  will drink your healing potions in your inventory when you get to 25% health but it would still have to wait for the healing potion cooldown to work again
What about something with the shield of cthulhu??
There should be more Shiny Balloon combinations. I know there’s like 500 of them, but there’s only like 4 right now.
Here's my list of what I want added: Cactus spear upgrade Giant tortoise staff Bone serpent staff Skateboarding mount Summoner hardmode ore armor More visual WOF entry hardmode Redesigned WOF and redesgined WOF fight Zenith copper pickaxe Shimmer boss Crimson axe summon Enchanted sword summon Cursed hammer summon Tumbler armor from cactus and something from sandstorms angry tumblers drop Tumbler staff needs amber cactus maybe antliin mandibles Blue moon flail has extra feature Sunfury flail has extra feature Bug net capture sound Sandblaster gun early hardmode Rain boots and raincoat set bonus
I feel like the honey balloon is kinda useless when compared to the other final result in the combination tree when it comes to balloons. Hope they change that
bone glove + power glove to make an exoskeleton glove?  exoskeleton + flesh knuckles to make a further upgrade perhaps
Mixing the shadow helmet with something would be nice - maybe mix it with queen slime's accessory then with spore sack?
a cool item i think wouldnt be added is a spore glove (bone glove + spore sack + volatile gelatin + bone helm) weapons would fire two bouncy bones (2 sec cd) that pierce twice and  have 20 armor pen. the bones will occasionally release spores as they travel, and have a chance to summon shadow hands on hit. bones and hands hit for 50% bd of the held weapon and spores hit for 30%. idk, this item just feels too modded to ever get considered.
the only thing I dislike about the treasure magnet is that it and the ancient chisel are fine to get but the architect gizmo pack?? Relying on the travelling merchant is bad enough, relying on him to bring 4 different items from his limited inventory and in the space it takes pre-hardmode when he has about a 20% chance to spawn each day is simply awful. If there were alternative ways to get the item, please let it be.
7:00 "look at this tentacles go!"  Me:🤨
For sky block it would be fun to have some options to choose in new seed galery. But i dont have any idea for this sky block options.
Once i tried to play a skyblock on terraria, but yeah, its super hardcore and grindy and i really didn't like it, so im excited that relogic is working on a seed that changes the game balance in order to play a proper skyblock.
YES I WANTED A MOONLORD RESPRITE FOR SOBLONG
God I used to LOVE terraria on mobile and 360 back when I was in middle school. I have about 1.5k hours across all platforms but I’ve never finished the game after the journeys end update. I really need to replay the game.
idk if this would be to OP or not but I think it would be cool if all the expert mode boss drops could be combined into one accessory granting the player all the perks of each boss. Just a thought. Like if you agree 😂
I think I disagree about the official skyblock seed thing, I think the source material (minecraft obviously) is better suited as it gives a better sense of self sustainability with hunger and stuff like that. I am also constantly in awe of how engaged the devs of this game are with the community.
For the skyblock, it’d be really cool if they added some exclusive drops to slimes to add the stone variants, make snow slimes be able to drop snow, and add them as a less common spawn to slime rains in skyblock
imagine if every game developer was like terraria team
an idea for weapons: you know how melee has the Zenith, an ultimate weapon crafted by combining a lot of diffrent swords found in your journey? well how about we make the ultimate gun? or ultimate staff? or ultimate whip?
I think throwing the love potions on npc makes them happy or make them like certain npc so you can pair them with npc other than what their compatible with but when using it on an npc, the npc they used to be compatible will not be compatible anymore
When...Is...IT...COMING...OUT!!!
I sware if they give moon lord legs in FtW I am gonna freak out
Just realized ive been watching these since I was 13, im 20 now thanks for always giving me stuff to look forward to chippy
Thinking about items that go obsolete: the handgun. Usually I would craft the handgun into the phoenix blaster right away but having an alternative we could craft would be sweet. Perhaps, instead of hellstone bars we use meteor bars that gives it a small buff and turns musket balls into meteor shot.
7:46 they gave him legs xD
If there’s accessory combos I want to see, it’d be the ability to compact class gear even further as well as mobility and building gear so we can do much, much more. Thought of it and it wouldn’t leave my head.
If they give the stink potion a use, I think it'd be pretty cool if for the love potion they made the buff temporarily increase npc happiness. Don't imagine it'd be op seeing as princess fish are caught in the hollow and the princess npc is all about happiness so it'd make sense imo
They should add a couple npcs that sells blocks like one would sell wood and another one sells decorations:)
I feel that both phaseblades and phasesabers are obselete when you get them, nevermind later on. I feel giving the phaseblades/sabers a new ability of some kind could give it more viability during playthroughs. Maybe allow the ability to parry attacks, or throw your sword, creating a mix between a sword and a boomerang. Idk, it just feel as though these weapons are never usablr in any playthrough, as they get out classed very quickly, even before you get them
So I was thinking for a future update for terraria, such as 1.5, that we get a new boss called the Solar Queen / Lady (like the opposite to Moon Lord)
skyblock seed could be only flying islands generating but depending on the depth their theme would change. It would be a nice opportunity to make some unique sky islands with themes that could maybe make it into the normal game because lets be honest.. how much more fun it would be to seek flying islands if you had more than 2 otpions appearing? (as for how to get cerain blocks the devs could make it so mobs drop them making mob farms usefull.) Edit: also love potion would be nice if it would make NPCs follow the player.
The sharp tooth necklace would be one of those equipables
Love potion should have the effect of temporarily increasing an NPC's happiness, that or become less targeted by mobs, this could be great for multiplayer, and stink potion should have increased aggro from mobs
Maybe as a new sapling, they could do a "Mega sapling" (a sapling that starts at the size of the player) and grows into a non hollow mega tree! ((Obviously))
4:33 water bolt and muramasa.
I wish they added an additional item to the terraspark boots recipe,the dunerider boots because you already have ice skates to run faster on ice
what if the moon lord has legs now
6:18 it looks like that giant bean vine going up to the clouds😍😍😎😎I bet there will be a giant guide boss lmao
Shhheeeeeeeesh 211k views in 10 hours wow
an obsolete weapon that I think totally deserves a second chance is the chain knife. I don't mind it being a rare drop, especially since bats are a pretty common enemy, but the fact that it does worse damage than some ore broadswords is absolutely absurd. should definitely be reworked to have Harpoon-like physics, definitely coupled with a buff to its damage, maybe about 12-14 or so.
Just as they resprited moon lord, I wish they revamped the fight. Right now its just running in one direction from projectiles and ocasionally going around its head. I wish it had actual patterns instead of shooting a shitload of projectiles.
Bone glove with bone helm
Awsome! Im so exited for moonlird repsrite
2:52 I am putting the edit in front so everyone can see it easily. *The skyblock seed shouldn't be a seed. It sould be a modifier for seed so you can play FTW skyblock for example or all other seeds.* I think a skyblock seed that has everything but more limited would be good and these playthroughs take way too long so you'd have to make them a bit more casual friendly so everyone would try to do it. In Minecraft skyblock everyone knows what to do but more inexperienced player would have no idea how to dupe liquids so you could make it so the liquid blocks that spawn naturally are infinite and maybe that you could by dirt from the merchant so you don't have to use dirt bombs. The merchant should sell dirt and the dryad should sell sand. It'd be cool if every biome had its own island so you could use pylons and have easier goals to work towards. Maybe there should be loot chests it a custom flying chest block that can be placed without any blocks below it around the biome islands and to unlock them you have to defeat something and there is an altar to start the invasion/miniboss and the starting biome has one with like 100-200 hp. These bosses are there because finding the flying chests is way too easy and the underworld would also need like 4 islands with ore and other stuff and maybe they could be small but ash could then spread onto dirt and hellstone onto ash so you won't run out of hellstone. Each underground layer could have 200 blocks spread onto 1-4 islands. The dungeon could be split into multiple pieces connected by teleporters so there isn't a huge structure. The oceans need something too. Maybe you could make it so sand doesn't fall there. In harder seeds the merchant could just not sell dirt and just sell a block of sand instead. Then the dryad is the one who sells the dirt. The flying islands could habe some special cloud blocks that can be placed anywhere but which are very hard to notice and have no collision. The walls of this block could be in the foreground instead of the background so you can add a fog. Maybe the intensity of that mist could be affected and changed by wires and fog machines. The skyblock world should not lack too much but maybe you could make it so you could edit what's there so the veterans can still have a challenge or you could make 2 seeds at the ends of each spectrum. Both seeds should have shimmer and the harder seed could maybe have a smaller dungeon. This is just an idea I came up with. If anyone does something with that you don't have to stick exactly to it.
I would love if you could combine acsessorys that have two options Like the frog Gear and masterninga Gear
I got no ideas for consuming accessories but I'd love to have the Discount Card as a permeant Consumable when Shimmered as I always forget to use it
They need a boot pair that uses things like fairy boots and hellfire treads plus the terraspark boots as the true best pair of boots
Will Terraria console Update aswell, Or will this only be PC?
one accessory i always dump (and don't want to) are the celestial cuffs for mage playthroughs. once you defeat WoF, unless you're on master, it always gets replaced by a mage emblem. the butts it provides just... aren't useful in hardmode. increased pickup range for mana stars is useless against any HM boss other than destroyer. +20 mana is pathetic given some of the HM mana costs. mana restoration on hit is stupid, as getting hit is already a death sentence. obviously, due to balance, there are some accessories that just get outclassed in HM (balloons < wings, etc.) but many of the class-specific ones (pygmy necklace, feral claws) keep their viability in HM, or have HM uphrades, like the power glove.  overall, i think it would be cool if the celestial cuffs went down a path similar to the mage cloak (one of the most powerful accessories in the game) and combined with a mimic drop (e.g., decreasing mana sickness with charm of myths, or increasing i-frames with cross necklace).   additionally, emblems need more crafting trees, as i just never upgrade them because their buffs are so OP. for example, a ranger-specific upgrade and a summoner-specific upgrade to complete the set of mechanical glove and celestial emblem
A regeneration version of the mana cuffs would be amazing, we have the charm of myths already and was disappointed when I couldn’t upgrade it anymore, I hope Red sees this bc I doubt many people are against this.
To me having the Magnet to pull in items is just fine, switching accessory slots ain’t that hard, and you could always keep it with u or in the “Vanity” accessory if you decide to pull in loads of items far away.
terraria needs a poop cannon as an upgrade of the snow cannon, it would be so cool and funny seeing people using it in playthroughs
0:32 can someone ask him hook + dash so it's a dash in all directions?
Magiluminense is my FAVORITE accessory in the game, I'd abso-freaking-lutely love it if you could combine it with Frog Legs or Soaring Insignia just to keep it relevant throughout the rest of the game. Or maybe you just do something with using other Gems and make different colors of it, right now the default one is Topaz. Maybe each gem has a different effect like Sapphire helps with swimming idk or maybe it just gets slightly weaker or stronger with better gems like the hooks, robes and staves.
Mossy Bones feels like a pretty neat idea since both items are expert+ accessories. A mix between the bone glove and the spore sac.
Alternate melee weapon types such as spears and yoyos could use some love to make them more interesting and viable versus swords that fire projectiles. Also I'd love to see more weapons have the parry mechanic like the Sergeant United Shield. Also also the Starfury could use a little love considering how neat the concept is but how fast it gets outranked.  A note on the bone glove: It shines in closed in enviornments such as the dungeon so if it gets an upgrade or hardmode variant it's probably best placed before post Plantera dungeon. However, this could add to the item bloat at that part of the game.
The only thing I'd want is a bigger bundle of baloons that adds the pufferfish baloon and fart in a baloon
Imo an item that becomes obsolete is the Rainbow Rod. it's so amazing! And it only does 50ish damage. I wish there were more weapons of that type (magic missile, rainbow rod, flamelash). They feel like they've got so much potential!
2:00 WoS moment?
They should add Wing slot
one eccessory combo a hand of creation and grand design combo
I’d like to see all of the attacking expert mode accessories combine
I would love to see more guns in Terraria especially those from real life since we have the IWI Uzi and the Tactical Shotgun with modern attachments. Maybe an AKM and an M4A1 would be good, an MP5, and even a Desert Eagle is what I wish to see
In my first ever Terraria world, I got a Slime Staff from like the second slime I ever killed (I had no idea how rare it is). I was really sad how quickly it became useless. I wonder if there could be a way it could scale, by upgrading it to increasingly harder enemies (eg add Zombie Hand to make Zombie Staff, then maybe either feathers or bones for harpy/skeleton staff, etc)
i beg for the rest of the mornlord sprite is gonna add his abdomen and legs ☠
I'm pretty sure the kwad copter  uses the dye of your pet equipped for it's color.
Skyblock, but the enemies drop blocks, and later in progression enemies drop later in progression items.
they could do some expert mode drop combitantions (shield of cathulu +  royal gel for example it would make shield push enemies further back and shoot gel in front of you while dashing)
well, kwad racer drones can be dyed, i dont think the addition is really needed
Could I please have the Pygmy Necklace combined with the Worm Scarf.  Thank you Mr. Red for making this amazing game.
For items that become obscure...  The Enchanted Sundial I think can be touched up on a bit, it was introduced before sleeping in beds was a thing, so it was the only means to speed up time/progress to the next day faster. Since now being able to sleep in beds, because of how long it takes to use it again, it eventually falls into this set and forget type item where you use it once in a Blue Moon or you're obsessed with Angler Quests.  Of course we don't want this thing to be too broken, it was given such a long Cool Down for a supposed reason, right? So I am thinking about Three different options:  In a Post-Moonlord, uncap the limit so the player can properly set the time to certain kinds of days for when you need a certain Moon Phase or to finish Angler Quests  Pay with Coins, with a varying cost (like healing at the Nurse) where using it again ASAP would be quite costly.  Some kind of craftable like 10 of each gemstone that using it with the Sundial will activate it when it's on Cool Down.  Course, all of this would apply to the Enchanted Moondial as well. The only other way to skip time fast is to force Blood Moons and Solar Eclipses-- NOPE only during Naturally spawning events, and then use the Dial, but I don't think that's very intuitive. I don't think it's too big of an ask, if anything, my biggest crime is being too passionate for an item people forget about.   -The Only Enchanted Sundial(Moondial) Fan
I want to see Ygdrasill style seed. Like, very, very big tree that has roots in lava, going all the way up to the sky with sky islands all around (and only sky islands with different bioms on them.)
a combo of various items that work similar would be great, for example that gel from slime queen that launches projectiles in combo with plantera, and the accessory that launches stars when you get hit, so kind of "kill things while AFK"(i know Calamity has some kind of similar item)
I'd love if you could change the color of the eyeballs in the character menu, because I want to create a character with fully black or yellow eyes.
Bone Glove + Bone Helm?
Accessorie combination  Bone glove / Bone helm/ Spore sac /Volatile Gelatin - ultimate classless damage accessorie Or Hive pack / Spore sac / Shiny stone - ultimate jungle Boss accessorie And overall we need more uses for the hive pack bees shouldn't become obsolete in Hardmode
A skyblock seed would be cool, but really want them to add a few new mechanics that make custom skyblock maps even better.
Have the guide give hints to the bosses that are more obscure (Deerclops, Queen Bee, Empress of Light, Duck Fishron)
Don’t know it is anything similar to the questions, but I believe some mods should be added to the game as DLCs (such as calamity or thorium). They are both pretty big so they would make the game a whole lot more expansive and lively. This could also allow them to possibly become available on other platforms like consoles. This would allow them to grow; since they could give these a price to pay for on consoles which would support both creators of the mods and terraria. It seems highly unlikely since the effort required to transfer the coding to consoles would take forever as well as being extremely costly and problematic.    At most, a dream.
Welll, uhhhh, I am feeling pretty ashamed to ask for it , but uhhh,  Can you,  Uhhh,  Uhh,  Give us a ranger Zenith? Or at very least an upgrade to megshark, it's such a great thing, love of all Rangers, becomes obselete after plantera, I really wanna use it against moonlord,   [Okay now there will be bunch of People explaining to me megshark can already kill moonlord in calamity death mod etc. Etc. Just accept the fact the way terrablade absolutely decimates moonlord and all post plantera stuff, megashark is nowhere near, And man look at melee, night's edge is one of the best PhM weapons in Terraria now, you are technically using it post plantera too, very poetic to think that, that little night's edge which helped you to get into hardmode is still playing it's part in your godlike post plantera sword,  No such thing for ranger 😭]
Pigmy necklace need to have a combination
All i wanna see is an influx waver rework
Dungeon defenders accessories combine all together and terraspark boots with either the master ninja gear or the coin ring full combo to be combined.
I think the love potion could make NPC happinesses go up. They would sell pylons (given 2 are in the area), have reduced prices, and increased sell back prices.  This would make the goblin tinkerer much cheaper without moving him
I wish the cobalt shield/ankh shield and the shield of Cthulhu could be combined
It would be awesome if we had some advanced/'ultimate' biome based accessories. Maybe just a combination of an independent biomes items(some), or a combination between two biomes.   Maybe something like flower of frost + frozen turtle shell creating a damage reduction/thorns shield? Or dunerider boots + light and dark shards creating a pair of boots that have slightly different effects during night/day.   Or give some love to prehardmode biome items combined with hardmode ones. Like the Mandable blade + fairy dust creating some sort of insect based weapon that has a connection to the empress of light or of a similar insect.
Chippy never watched wand of sparking 😢
Accessory wise I kinda want some more dodge items. I pay on console and find it very difficult to dash without loosing speed (I can’t bind dash to any as its in use and don’t have paddles) but there’s only 3 dodge accessories that I’m aware of
We need a soaring insignia/wings combo
Rock Golem is rare ? i find it Rock Golem spawn frequently, or at least in a mob farm
I really wish the Bloodthorn got a buff, its so cool
The stink potion could repel npcs so that you can repel them away from chests and into places you want, and the love potion could attract them to you and make them follow you like Axel in harlem. 😳
I want to see a bone glove/deerclops helm combo (i forgot its real name)
DUDE, what if they make like a omega tree that can have like very far down sky islands spawn on it
One thing I would love in 1.4.5 is craftable extractimators so I don't have to go on a 25 minute adventure into the desert just to not find it.
i really wish there were upgrades to the book of skulls as it is my favourite magic weapon
0:44 i think it would be sick if they made a combination of the bone glove, cursed skull (or whatever the deerclops's drop is called) and the volatile gelatin!
My favorite weapon from Duke Fishron is finally getting the buff I always wanted on it.
Please tell me they are adding more late game ranged items, specifically after moon lord
What if the love potion temporarily increased the happiness of town NPCs
building on the idea about the treasure magnet, I think I'd prefer it to attract items when held like the old one from the LuiAFK mod
Gladiator armour feels worth it to get at first, but after taking ages to get it eventually you either find better armour along the way or immediately after getting the armour.
Can someone ask red if they can make it so shimmer upgrade change the color of hearts and mana?
for me i would like to see the bundle of balloons combined with the lucky horseshoe, the individual double jump balloons can be combined with  it, dont see how the bundle cant
They should add that using the red potion make you gulp some useless / not so useless accesories so you have extra range for the coins and so on :v
YOU CAN DYE THE DRONE ALREADY!  You see if you just put a dye on your pet slot, it will get on the drone too!!!
I think the seed is "not the trees"😂
This is re logic we're talking about and I don't belive that they JUST resprited the moon lord I'm pretty sure every boss got a resprite
Where are the platform boots? Or the platform gun?
theyre saying they need to buff the storm spear but i was able to kill al P-HM bosses except WoF. It is very good as is.
If Mojang went the way of Relogic, Minecraft would just be 🗿🍷
Combo: I think a lot of expert accessories should be combinable. They kind of not worth a slot on their own most of the time but I could see myself using a combination of a few. Obsolete: Aside from weapons which is obvious no-no, I cant really think of anything. May be Obsidian Armor? Would be nice to have HM counterpart/upgrade. But yes, Treasure Magnet was my second choice although I get around it by just keeping it in vanity slot and switching with whatever acc I have equipped whenever I need it.
Frost Legion, just, it feels so ancient, we really don’t need another snow boss (Desert, ahem),  But the event is ridiculously hard for pre-hardmode, hard to start, doesn’t give good rewards, and is just forgotten  Do love the idea though
Muramasa. I love it and it's always the last weapon I get for night's edge so I rarely use it.
I’d like some more fleshing out of some weapon subclasses and adding loose items to crafting trees (other suggestions people have already done)  (Arkhalis  and Terragrim, both can get you up to Plantera-Golem, but another one would be, interesting, perhaps dual wield, larger range,   maybe, even double sided (Darth Maul’s lightsaber,  Spears, Flails, Yo-yos, similar, a few here and there, Events, Invasions (Pirate themed Hook (upgraded Anchor) would be interesting  Pumpkin Moon Spear (Giant Twig or something, maybe even with Greek Fire debuffs, or just Fire works, like a Melee weaker Inferno Fork  Martian Flail (how would that even work...?)  Blood Moon Yo-yo (not sure if there should be two, one for hardmode and pre-hardmode, or just one)  Also a few more other class weapons scattered around (Mage pre-hardmode, Ranger, Queen Bee- starting hardmode, Summoner, Early game, is where I feel needs more stuff  Or interesting Gem Staves, between King Slime and Skeletron there seems to be a lack of magic weapons, Vilethorn and optional Queen bee exist, but beyond that, it’s just staves, which are the same all-round)  (Sharkron balloon, and a few others (Jars and stuff) inside the Bundle of balloons, or even as an addition for an upgrade, a "Terra" Horseshoe Balloon)  Overall, not much more to improve on, (beyond what was suggested), it’s more just adding stuff or recombining stuff, or making events more relevant and interesting, with more drops  Also, Frost Legion, I have no idea what anyone can do with it, beyond adding the ability to build Snowmen afterwards, or a giant Snowman boss  Also a desert boss would be kinda cool? We have bosses/minibossss for each environment except the Desert, but I guess since Martian Saucer takes up Space, (Sky being Wyverns? Betsy?) Moonlord is the Desert boss?
I’d like to have more items to help you grow plants as newer players may have trouble growing plants as you need very few items to help with plants
you can change the color of the drones however it's tied to pet dye which I really want changed. A good change for this would be let dyeing the goggles that you equip in either accessory or vanity dictate the color of the drone instead of making pet color the drone color. Holding my drone dye in my grapple slot to switch out with my pet slot when I want to use drone is really annoying and i want to use many different types of dyes.
final final final final update let 's goooooo
I want mods for ps4 😭
honestly they should add enemy spawners from the beastiary in journey mode if you've completed the beastiary entry or at least killed 50 of em or something
I want the shark tooth necklace to combine with more accessories. It feels like you get it, use it until about skeletron, take it off and never use it again. It feels like you could combine with loads of accessories but the potential has been wasted.
I really want to ask Red to add a fishable whip, like an eel or something, but no idea where to ask him
On a skyblock seed I think they should add smth like cobble gens ona  skyblock seed
I know this sounds op but what if we combine terraboots and the insignia
Cool, but post moonlord bosses when, I find myself and my freinds bored after the moonlord fight( except for crafting zenith)
You can dye drones just put dye in pet slot
The Skyblock seed, I was just thinking about that yesterday. I want one because while there are some with mods, console players would have a harder time playing Skyblock. As a console player myself I can safely say that using the drill containment unit to annihilate a small world takes like an hour for just the ocean all the way down. At least it did for me.
i feel like itd be cool to have different variations of skyblock really, like skyblock regular which is just a starter island with some starter stuff to get you going and different kinds of enemies can spawn in different places like bees spawning on artificial above ground jungle or possibly even angel blocks where you can place anywhere without needing a block adjacent, oneblock could be a cool one where you get any block or placeable in different stages of the game at random when you mine the block, my personal idea could be a skyblock barriers world where you only get a limited amount of space at the start and for every boss you kill, you unlock more space and more biomes and enemies and items
Chlorophyte item buffs  No offense, but no one gets chlorophyte things these days,  Only the bars, to get better armor (Shroomite, Turtle, and such)  Maybe they could be quicker, almost as quick as Pillar stuff, but still 200% power   (Shroomite digging claws being a bigger sidegrade, quicker, but still 200% power)  (Or in the case of the weapons, stronger, or inflict debuffs (bringing back a slightly different bleed? -hps or something?) to make them a slightly weaker, easier to get option compared to the True light and dark weapons, and Gungnir, but still able to get to Cultist/Pillars, or even Moonlord (Moonlord is ambitious...)  (That being said, True Bladetongue when?)  The only one that probably doesn’t need a change is the Chlorophyte Shotbow,  although a slight buff to make it better than the Daedalus Stormbow is nice, but balancing might be an issue
I have a great idea for combining  the bone glove. Bone glove and mech glove turns into mechanic's work glove and instead of shooting bones it shoots wrenchs that is overall better and you can upgrade the glove using the firestone creating overheated mechanical glove.
I would like to see being able to combine all expert mode accesories (So soc, bone glove, bone helm, spore sac) i think it would be pretty balanced actually
I would love of magiluminesence was a part of terra boots somewhere, i love it, but hermes boots outclasses it
I think the love potion should put villagers at max happiness temporarily. Maybe so you can get that pylon whenever you want or get the best prices without having to rush the construction of a biome's village.
4:13 the love potion could be used on npcs to make them happy no natter where they are, or at least make them happier
skyblock seed but its just the spawn area of the tutorial island
Everyone's given up on the Hallow alt biome lol
You can actually dye drones using acssesorie that zoologist sells! The one that dyes your minions
When it comes to the treasure magnet, and other accessories like that, I use my load outs for them. My first loadout will always be my core combat loadout. My second and third ones will usually be mining/building and fishing loadouts. Loadout 2 wears the mining set, ancient chisel, hand of creation / hand of creation components, stuff like that. Loadout 3 will obviously wear the fishing armour and fishing accessories.  As a side note / suggestion, it'd actually be really nice if different loadouts had different ammo slots. Then I could put my wires and stuff in ammo for loadout 2, instead of hanving them clog my ammo slots / inventory. Would be especially useful if I'm playing ranger, where my ammo slots are usually completely full bar 1. I always like to keep some gel in my ammo slots too, just in case I need it for torches.
Honestly, I think it would be cool if they had a Band of Starpower combine with a Philosophers Stone to make a Sorcerer's Band.
oh my god accessories set bonuses will be wild! double jump in a bottle + rocket boots = double jump boosted rocket boots, it will accelerate even faster and fly longer stepping stool + sniper scope or its variations = more range and visibility master ninja gear +  frog legs or its variants + any balloon = negates fall damage and probably does like a dodgeroll to do that any three shields = +15 defence and enemies that touch you will get knockback gizmo architekt backpack + grand design = grand design can now paint blocks shackles + encumbering stone = -50% movement speed any two old ones army accessories = +10% sentry(summon) damage guide to peaceful coexistence + guide to plant fiber cordage = +3% to most stats guide voodoo doll + clothier voodoo doll = allows the player to harm every npc, you are a monster any two balloons or bundle of balloons + feather falling potion/umbrella = makes you float upwards slowly. tapping down will also slowly descend you guide to peaceful coexistence + king slime expert item = decreases the chance of enemies detecting you
It would be nice if you could combine a pre-hardmode expert mode drop like a shield of Cthulhu with a hardmode another expert drop so you could actually make use of the other expert drops
MOON LORD W/ LEGS IRL?!?!?!
how do I pitch ideas to red anyway
Obsidian armor I loved it prehardmode and I would love a late game whip oriented summon armor
I wonder if they gave the moon lord legs
Something I always thought was that floating islands are kinda boring  Like some of the background art has floating islands that look great  But the cloud ones that are generated could be better
skyblobk would just be a world with the middle gone and everything essential on the outside ie bosses and stuff
FINALLY! MOONLORD WILL HAVE HIS LEGS BACK!
How about there's accessories that give you 100% drop rate for vanity items when kills the enemies
5:53 looks like a sky island under a sky island
a one block skyblock map thatd be fun and the block will regenerate and will have islands below above for sky islands left and right left will be corruption while right will be desert or snow biome
Imagine the deerclops hands mixed with the bone glove.
Why not a combination of sonar insignia and any wings
They definitely added legs to the Moonloord sprite. ;)
shield of cthulu + ankh shield
I have a couple miscellaneous suggestions and i dont have access to the forums, so if someone could post these there i’d be super thankful!  1. i think a lot of expert mode accessories could be merged together to create better expert only accessories. For example, the Bone Glove (skeletron) and Bone Helm (deerclops) could be merged (maybe with some souls of night or something to make it later-game) to create an accessory that would launch out little shadows (similar to the ones that appear on things like Obelisks in DST, named Mr Skitts) and attack with Skeletron hands, sort of like a reversal of the components. Either that or it could just do the original effects but combined, like normal.  2. Just a random suggestion, but I think it would be interesting if Deerclops could destroy structures (like your npc houses and stuff) on the Constant or FTW, or maybe a combo of the two. And potentially if you only got some of the resources back like in DST. This would make the boss a very punishing encounter if you based in the snow biome.  3. The Terragrim is a very cool weapon you rarely get to see, and if you do then it’s not viable for very long. It’d be cool if it got some upgraded forms for later-game, keeping it in a similar close-combat style. Also it should be easier to get, or just not as rng-based.  4. there could be new boulder traps in the jungle temple! (sorry everyone i just want redigit to like me) Jokes aside I do think jungle temple boulders would be pretty thematically on-point for the temple.   Again, if anyone could post these to the forums, that’d be great. You dont need to credit me or anything, I’d just be happy if anyone at relogic could see my ideas.
Lowkey wish they would add The Collector from Dead Cells as a post-Moon Lord challenge imo
wait, they added Quadcopters???
For the Skyblock we can make the Minecraft stone generator :)
What if they added an item called the photograph?  Similar to the music box, the photograph would be able to extract an element from any biome. In this case, it would copy the background. Unlike the globe,  which can be purchased from the zoologist, the photograph only copies and displays a singular biome background, which can be placed or used a  equipment. This expands on the player's ability to create their own custom environments.  In order to obtain this item, it could either be purchased from an npc, like the cyborg or steampunker; or it could be the result of throwing an empty music box into the shimmer.  If you want to take it a step even further, the player could also combine a music box with a photograph to create a video camera or something, which would function as both items.
id love a skyblock similar to the classic skyblock, with a starting island as well as some other islands farther out that had other biomes/important resources. also, it'd be sick to have different npcs sell different items depending on whar biome their house is in.
I want to see secret seed skyblock maps like don’t dig up
Love potion gives a short buff for the NPCs so they will be at max happiness.
secret swed with moonlofd legs
Maaaaaan! Game that's more alive than ever after a decade, with arguably some competition, and still doing killer. And Chip running right along to further success. I honestly don't think there's another combination like this with the same level of chill.  Special seeds are still there to feed console players deprived of PC mods, right? So some more of that sounds pretty awesome coming from the devs.
I think they should give more uses to cursed flames and ichor, i feel like an armor set made from adamantite or titanium (like frost armor) that boosts a class would actually bridge the gap between WoF and Plantera   Yeah I know that Hallowed armor exists, but unless you're running a dodge/tank build, its not much of a good armor set to replace the adamantite/titanium set
I really wish we could have mod's on console. Like a community workshop where fans get their approved mods placed in. It would expand the game by a large amount and I'd even be wiling to pay for some big mods that have a lot of content.
I suggested a Mr Bean vanity set called "The Hooligan set" but it didn't gain any attraction
I want the bat scepter to have a better version because once u get it there are better stuff u can use
what about adding 3rd weapon for every pillar, because there will be a new whip for stardust solar: yoyo or a spear vortex: Flamethrower or a launcher nebula: Book or a staff
It would be really cool if they add more things for ranger like more accessories, +1,2 new armors, +5 weapons and etc for example
I'd like to see more for yoyos and boomerangs
Fusing Boss accessories from Pre-Hard Mode with Hard mode ones to make them viable.
i think  it would be cool if they add to every boss his own theme of music
can they just idk, add more content like bosses? add a boss after the moonlord? create interesting shit instead of piss micro additions? ty.
i think for the skyblock seed it would be really cool if the entire world was made up of sky islands scattered around the place
Honestly I wish you could craft ninja gear just using the tabi and black belt then add climbing gear to turn it into master ninja gear
Making Kites placable is something i wanted for years. i'm gonna create an account just to ask that.
0:10 Cross Necklace + Panic Necklace, Cross Necklace + Paladin’s Shield, Pygmy Necklace + Shark Tooth Necklace, and Greedy Ring + Treasure Magnet  4:17 Jellyfish/Arctic Diving Gear. This has a modestly lengthy crafting tree, but as soon as you have Neptune’s Shell and a decent light pet, it becomes obsolete. Can’t think of what to do with it though to make it hardmode-relevant.
Hand Of Creation and Fire Gauntlet would be insane if it could be combined😭🔥
treasure magnet is part of the "hand of creation" which also increases mining speed etc, making it worth having in a vanity slot at least
Here I'm hoping for a new Shimmer enemy that attacks players that tries to exploit the Shimmer pools. That would be golden.
I would love a boots and wing combo
You know what I just thought about. I feel like they should make master mode even harder, how about… destroyer of worlds when it tunnels underground it mines the blockes!!! That would make it so much harder to let the DoW mine blocks
Honestly I really wish we could've fused the Soaring Insignia into something, I hate having 3 mobility accessories and I dont wanna give up on any of them. Perhaps fusing it with the Teraspark boots or even the Celestial Starboard could be nice.  Also maybe a dash function fused into the boots? Like the Cthulu Shield or The Ninja Gear into them.
Honestly ai changes for master mode would be awesome and make the mode actually good
It would be really cool if they implemented a skyblock seed, especially since us console players don’t have access to the Steam Workshop.
Red should make Jack Slime
I think the secret seed could be like Yggdrasil, where all of the different biomes in the game are mini versions on different branches of the same big tree
Well what if red added a combo of secret seeds that makes a classic skyblock world and adding different seeds with that combo would make different types of skyblock worlds
Can they please make boss spawn items not a 1 time use
Skyblock seed?  Sure, there's a lot of combinations, but you can do that now by combining seeds.  So... ALL OF THEM?
Maybe á comination of all the expect accesories
Chippy? Can you ask them to make a crafting recipe of all the expert mode boss drops combined?
I think more of the expert mode items should be in combinations.  Just take an existing top tier item and add an expert item on top.
average terraria "last update"
Honestly, they should give us the chinese moon lord. I just think that it looks so much cooler.
Above all: I want more crafting options for the Philosopher's Stone.  And also for Dune splicers to drop pearls.
I think that a combination of all the expert mode boss drops to make the moon lord heart would be a neat item
What if there were a tabi + rocket boot/something else combination which allowed you to either A: influence your direction a lot more during your normal tabi dashes or B: dash in any direction? Both sounds super fun but probably a little much.
yoyo counter weight and strings
I’d really love to see a combination of a dash accessory and a knock back immunity accessory. It should probably be pretty late game, but it would just be so nice.
Good Video Chippy!
nahh the glasses emoji = deal with it
Never played Terraria, but still watched the entire thing! Good job
Someone else said it too, but bone glove and bone helm would be amazing merged
I really wish there was more of a use for the panic necklace. It’s one of my favorites but I can’t use it for very long….
I think being able to combine all the boss drops that do passive damage into one would be super cool. I feel like most them become obsolete pretty quickly and just end up sitting in a chest collecting dust. Especially in master mode. At least from my experience
console terraria's old tutorial was kind of a skyblock
The Skyblock idea is great for those who don't have constant internet use. The feel of a mod without a mod.
Panic necklace + magiluminescence accessory
They said they’d add moonlord leg boss but we only got a vanity item.
I would love another crazy crafting tree item again, similar to the Shellphone, Ankh Shield and Terraspark Boots where the player has to collect crazy amounts of combos to join together
Honestly? Charm of myths/Ankh shield/cross necklace would make a bomb combined accessory
Plz someone tell that guy to make us able to combine terraspark boots with pillar wings and combine all sheild accessories
i want frog legs in the terra spark recipe, maybe upgrade frostpark into frogspark boots
1:56 "just speculation", means deal with it sunglasses.
Honestly for the skyblock map, I can imagine the original sky island map for those that downloaded the old free terraria mobile, where it's a large island floating above the void. Now the means to fight the wof though...
A skyblock seed will probably the sole reason I go straight into vanilla without waiting for tmodloader port
Skyblock: something closer to the tutorial seed from 1.2. an actual full island.
I think there should be a floating island seed where there are only floating islands with different biomes
I put it on reddit before, but charm of myths + treasure magnet for both accessories' effects + heartreach
3:31 "I ain't reading allat"
6:13 I feel like this is a Jack and the beanstalk reference
We would highly advise making a shimmer floating island in the skyblock seed since it further expands on what items can be acquired, making a lot of items accessible through transmutations, and anything that cant be obtained should have some reasonably difficult way to obtain it.
It would be awesome if the added rain boots to make a full rain outfit. The set bonus could be extra movement speed in the rain.
Wish there was some sort of cool bone helm upgrade or a hardmode variant cause I love that accessory maybe a summon accessory??
4:20 tbh I know it’s a bit unpopular, but I love the Royal Gel. It basically gets rid of the most common enemy type and is so helpful when hellbridging since I don’t have to deal with lava slimes. Once hardmode is in swing, it does become useless
Id love to see a secret seed combo that makes the game a randomizer.
I feel like there should be unique enemies or something that happens when the corruption and crimson mix in together
Imagine if the new moo lord is the head and legs but no torso area  Head Spine Legs Nothing else 😂
every expert accessory needs a few combinations for sure. Also wings combinations?
a cool idea i had is a gem trader, a merchant Npc that allows you to trade gems for exclusive things like gem furniture. i don't know if anyone would like this idea but i decided to share it anyways.  (edit: you can also buy gems from the trader for coins, might be useful idk)
I really like the biome chest weapons, especially the rainbow gun and piranha gun, but typically by the time you’ve defeated planterra they’re really underpowered and just look cool
What if the love potion made friendly npcs lower their prices temporarily?
I wish dreadnautilus had a pet
The accessory that summons those claw things from Deerclops, the thing that shoots slime balls from Queen Slime, and the Spore thingy from Plantera. The ultimate AFK, building, fishing and mining protection accessory combination. (im terrible with remembering names so excuse).
maybe the love potion could be used to make shop prices cheaper for NPCs of the opposite sex. Or have a hidden "attraction" stat that governs what sex that NPC is attracted to  so the Nurse could be Bisexual/Pansexual and likes Men/Women/NonBinary players under a love potion, reducing her healing cost, or the Arms Dealer could be Cis, and only likes Women. Female players under a love potion getting a discount.  It would also be pretty funny wordless world building too to suddenly realize a particular NPC likes you way more now all of a sudden
I’d like to think that the tree was Yggdrasil in that Flailron spoiler
i have some ideas for the bone glove you add cross neckass and the glove looks like its holding it and you make it so it heals you a little bit after they hit then you can add an eye of golem to add more damage to the projectiles
Pygmy necklace/stinger necklace
I did suggest a world tree that goes through the entire world... Or something like that. Cool.
How do I Send Messages to Red?
For my money, I wish we could combined the phone with something to give it the warp function.  Or maybe just make it so that two players who both have the phone can warp to each other.
I own terraria on multiple platforms, I would appreciate a skyblock seed because I play on switch when I travel, don't have access to mods outside of PC.   I'd also kill to have magic storage on switch 😂
Torches on platforms!  I have to place walls on them just so the smart cursor works
On skyblock a normal seed would be fine console players don’t have access to the steam workshop
Bone glove yoyo bag, where when you use a yoyo it periodically fires homing bones at enemies, targeting the lowest health enemies first.
For the skyblock seed. It could just be randomly generated floating islands at every depth of the world changing their materials depending where it is located.
As for the accessories i really wish terraspark boots combined with some wings later on
Chippy shout me out❤ I love the content I think we need the thrower class to be buffed and have better gear for hard mode and other parts of the game and evan a moon lord set where all the throwing items become infanent such as the vampire knives. And they could bmybe make a seed where the corruption and crimson combine a boss for hard mode. Love the content but please shout me out ❤
I think a nice combo accessory would be the Ankh Shield and Shield of Cthulhu, I think it makes sense and would be extremely helpful later in the game.
I hope new Moon Lord doesn't break texture packs..
Accessory combo: AoE Diva - deer skull, volatile slime, spore pod, etc.  Just. All the passive Fark Off accessories in one... Def require a mythril anvil or something - or manipulator if they all get a boost.  Maybe pillar mats to "bind" them together.    Would like to see the GI/Mystical Garb and master ninja gear get some love - maybe armor + high tier accessory = higher tier Armor.    Need a full flynx suit too.  Stop ignoring summoners.  Need more early game whips, and mid game spears. Lots are way outclassed by time you can actually get them  More early magic weapons - maybe some that are more Craftable and less RNG.   Warriors and rangers can make All of their  early/mid/late gear - mage and summoners are RNGesus/Lootsifer dependent  Maybe push more overlapping bonuses between minions/turrets.  Having Summoner mobile and summoners stationary separate just weakens a weak class further
Too bad valve isn't like relogic
A couple things I think would be cool in a skyblock seed are,  A floating "skyblock island" for each biome. New islands being created after every defeated boss. Underground, Cavern, and Underworld layers being determined like a biome rather than by elevation.
One thing that annoys me is that the nebula set buffs that you need to pickup interact with treasure magnet, but not with celestial magnet (and variants). It makes the set feel awkward with a "normal" mage setup. About those Expert mode acessories, I believe none interact in any crafting. Might be for balancing, but most stay unused, especially the hardmode ones.
boulder gun.
Bone Glove + Bonehelm
I'd love a pet station or something, where you can display all pets gathered and they just wander around, like a terrarium but maybe they could walk around a little? Maybe a pet post or pet house? It would be cool to see them all inhabiting your town. Maybe it could be gotten after getting all town slimes?
bruh I thought they were gonna make the ML easier
i’d love to see love potions make certain mobs friendly and make even attack other mobs for you
skyblock seed: the world is set to large and every biome its just a floating island that are placed randomly around the world, the player starts in the dead center surface of the world in a forest biome, closest to the forest island are biomes you expect to find fast, like the ice, desert and caves islands, mobs from each biome can drop any kind of loot found on that biome
A Feral Claw upgrade that increases Whip range would be awesome.
What i wish for something that should get an upgrade is the onyx blaster, as it is such a cool handmade shotgun, but becomes immediately useless after destroyer, as megashark is better dps. If I were to suggest an upgrade it would probably be after plantera, possibly with specter bars and the tactical shotgun, and shoots a spectral shot charged with the original onyx blaster shot, and gives the extra bullets a peirceing effect. Possible name for it being spectral darkness or smth like.
I didn't know people had difficulty finding the rock golem cause It's pretty common when you make a mob farm
PLEASE WE NEEEEEEEEEED A KEYBIND FOR ROD OF DISCORD/HARMONY !!! To use it while in inventory or hotbar
ok hear me out: Terraspark Boots + Gravity Globe. The gravity globe is kinda useless by the time it's aquired, and the Terraspark Boots is an awesome accessory (also really hard to make) can be switched out by the Flight Insignia and some good wings, maybe then those two would get more love.
im curious if that tree goes up from the ground into that floating island, never seen that before
4:18 my answer for this question is dirt rod. It’s cool right now but maybe a post moonlord shimmer buff would be cool
Make cell phone components able to shimmer to their triplets (intermediate crafts b4 pda)
I would like for a minion accessory to exist to combine them all into fewer items so you could use a couple spaces to buff your damage since they are seen as very weak and often very hard to play with.
Maybe expert mode accessory combinations?
the moon lord resprite only shows the head to avoid spoiling that he has legs now..
I honestly would love an upgrade to the shark tooth necklace, after you get to hardmode it’s set armor pen just can’t keep up with hardmode def values, I was thinking either make it a percentage pierce or make some sort of upgrade with a hardmode accessory that buffs the amount of armor pen like say to 20
love how flailron pretty much got buffed with the new flail mechanics
for me it's the shadow flame knife
For new accessories and combos, i have a thought that some may hate me for... but I'd like a few more recipes using the Shackle that drops from zombies. I always end up with a ton of them.
Paliden ank shield and terra glove maybe the love potion add a discount
Surprised I haven't heard anyone suggest this but what about having achievements for defeating bosses in Master mode, because personally I've never liked Master mode, not because it's harder, but because it always felt like I was making things harder for myself for no reason since expert mode has crazy overhauls with AI, but Master mode just buffs everything's damage and health, making it feel like I'm just prolonging my playthrough.
I always make the Hand of Creation, just so I have the mining speed increase and treasure magnet in one slot. Much easier than swapping 2 for mining
My favorite weapons in the game are the star cannon and super star shooter, I would love to have an endgame or late hardmode one.
maybe the love potion could make NPC's like each other so that biome happiness and prices could be better?
Jack in the bean stock floating island would be awesome!
It would be cool if the builder accessories were like a mine cart or pet, so they don’t have to take up a regular slot. Then upgrading and combining would have a good incentive since you would only have one spot.
Console crossplay
Id like to see a fusion between fishron wings and the Starboard. Switching between them for water building gets tiring
I think there should be 2 modes for skyblock: a casual and hard mode. Casual would have some changes, but i think the hard mode should be grindy. After all, the grind has always been what skyblock was about.
Man I was going to sleep but I can't help it
For the love potion, what if you could marry 2 nps and that would decrease prices, increase happiness, and maybe even sell new items like the dryad and arms dealer make grass bullets.
I would love to see a post Moon Lord accessory which combines all of the expert mode boss drops.
6:07 The tree just make me think of Yggdrasil (which could be awesome)
the fire gauntlet + the bone glove!
flailron jack and the bean stock seed lol
Bone glove could work with mechanical glove like, and wings with boots gotta be up there
I love the rainbow rod
Something I have always wanted to see is a combinations of all of the balloons together.
SKYBLOCK like minecraft mods where theres only one respawning block
1:10 You can already dye the drones. No extra updated is needed there.
Bone Glove + Bone Helm just makes sense.
Think a Skyblock seed would be interesting! Maybe adding grav/featherfall potions to the merchant's shop at certain points in time (moon phase related maybe?) could be a small feature unique to that seed? (And if those are too op then maybe shine potions) Plus a way of making it impossible to walk on the bottom of the world, cause iirc that's a thing that happens if you get a horseshoe
Honestly, I think adding wings and the terraspark boots would be great. Another fun combination could be all the accessories that shoot out things like the bone helm and spore sac.
Idk if it counts but the sky fracture weapon I love it but it just becomes bad quickly
I just want to mention something: I made a game suggestion in the forums for optional non-gore-y death messages, and Redigit gave it a like! This might mean that it's being added.
I think it would be cool for the skyblock map to vary in difficulty depending on which mode you pick.
On the skyblock seed, the tree growth rate needs to be 10x or 100x so you don't spend an eternity waiting.
do u have any connections to the creator of terraria? can u yell him to add a dash button in mobile terraria huhu😥
ah yes, the final final final final final final update!
Make a new accessory combination that combines spore sack, bone helm, and volatile gelatin. Imagine having all these combined to do a new thing. You could also just make it where it makes all of those accessories go off simultaneously but that would make too many projectiles.
I thought they were finished updating terraria
Bone glove plus the deerclops would be very cool
shimmerblock
Expert mode items currently dont have any tinker combinations. It would be interesting to see how some of those would work. Queen slime and Plantera's expert drops, for instance, are very similar and would go well with one another naturally. Golem's gem seems like it could fit inside the empty cornea of the shield of Cthulhu, too.  The hive pack is arguably the most useless expert item, as bee related weapons are nonexistant beyond the wall of flesh (maybe plantera's wasp gun?). Perhaps it could be combined with the king slime drop to make both slimes and bees which spawn from broken hive and beehive neutral to the player.  Also, we should be able to put the shiny stone on the charm of myths. Their abilities compliment one another greatly!
Where the conservation held
I think that "secret seed" would be something like a world that is just connected to trees, almost like the forest city in Star Wars...
I want to see a special seed that makes the whole world primarily ocean biome, with biome specific islands scattered around and much more interesting underwater areas, perhaps with altered water physics so you can't drain the ocean. I think this would be a very fun seed, to sort of travel between islands to get different biome islands, and cool underwater areas to explore. Would love to see it
The diving helmet accesory line is one that becomes obsolete really quickly. All of its effectd can be obtained via potions so it's not really worth the grind but I still make it for the hellavator.
Even if they want to stay away from tinkers that combine expert and non-expert items, they could just make tinkers that combine expert items together.
I really want a Spore Sac hook that creates the spores around whatever the hook attaches to
I think it would be cool to add a Post-Cultist tinkerer accessory. We only get the pillar weapons at this point in the game, so expanding the options for upgrades would allow players to have more options.
My choice for an accessory combo is worm scarf and the BOC with you being able to craft it in hardmode
I don't think the living tree on the skyisland will be a real thing. The wall thickness or the bark is usually 2 blocks wide, when in that tree it's only one. Or maybe they changed the way living trees look? idk.  Also there are leaves in the ground under the skyisland house, which is either the result of the code being unfinished or just shows this is built intentionally.
1. A couple combinations I would love would be adding the mitten(the one from Christmas) to the Ankh Shield. And The Putrid Scent with The Mechanical Glove, perhaps causing poison damage or something because of how stinky it is?  2. I would love SkyBlock to be a secret seed combo of don’t dig up and GFB, since the surface 10x spawn would help speed things up for players, while the stars dropping from slimes is nice. I would also like slimes to have a higher rate of carrying items, cause it can really be a grind early on.  I love the Moon Lord change, perhaps this is teasing his legs being in the sprite? Plus this might be the start off respriting some of the older bosses who haven’t been changed in a while. Some touch ups here and there
This is kind of a stupid idea but what if there was a secret variant to the moon lord where he became the sun lord
5:39 Finaly.
An accessory that would be pretty interesting in my opinion is something mixing all the offensive accessories together, such as the bone glove, spore sac, star cloak etc. It would make me use it a lot more!
For the love potion you could have it so that you can drink it or maybe they could add a function to give it to npcs and have them fall in love with you with new dialogue and maybe a discount and perhaps a special item a npc each sell when there in love with you if you did this then the potion should have rarer ingredients so that they have to go looking for them
I can tell you that that tree IS new generation. Living wood tree platforms ALWAYS go down, never up. Maybe it's a part of the "skyblock" seed he started working on? Though it's always possible Red is just trolling us.
When I think skyblock, I think minimalism. Falling is death, there is loot very far away, and you only get a limited amount of items before you have grind the HECK out of the map. A world that prompts you to think differently about how the map should function.   My own personal suggestions is obsidian shield + shield of cthulu.  Maybe some better potion distribution through chests. I feel like there are some potions that have zero purpose and some potions that literally never show up.  Sentry accessories should be upgraded and combined. Improved visuals on important weapons pertaining to each class just like how the Zenith is. Razorblade Typhoon, Minishark and Megashark, etc
for the skyblock seed i imagine something like what wandofsparking has for his skyblock series. I kinda want npcs to sell their outfits as wearable costumes and if they are shimmered they could drop their outfit as armor maybe?
Love potion can give the player 50% off The potion can also make npc's follow the player (similar to how a pet does)
My answer to the obsolete item was Boulder Statue, so we definitely got plenty of odd answers
Zenith seed mimic that can drop new items and has more complex attack patterns and is more powerful, maybe shooting random projectiles
I'd also like to see a fusion of the hardmode boss accessories and shimmer versions too
Skyblock seed spoiler in the flailron showcase?
From my experience in skyblock, the best things for a more casual skyblock seed would be higher chances of bonus drops from slimes, higher drop rate of life crystals from golden crates, and access to sand before Moon Lord. Having some way to get Demon Altars and Shadow Orbs would also allow crafting boss summons and fighting the world evil bosses. For access to the Dungeon, perhaps the Clothier could sell Dungeon Bricks and Unsafe Dungeon Walls? Personally, I don't really want a secret skyblock seed because I think that would defeat the purpose of getfixedboi being a combination of all the seeds (unless they worked it in somehow), but it would definitely be simpler to have a seed than to download a map from the Steam Workshop. It would also work on mobile and console, which would be helpful because people often ask me if they can play my skyblock map on mobile.
One thing I've wanted for a long time is crimson/corruption/hallowed snow, so my hallowed doesn't get eaten every single time I enter hardmode. There's one more thing but my brain has decided that I can't remember it right now.
I would love if we could combine the expert mode drops of deerclops and plantera
master ninja gear and celestial shell combo
Here's a question is there a shimmer item that boosts the number of summons/sentries? If not then there should be I thought of this when the old ones army popped up I'd also like Betsy as a mount/summon I'd also like mountable summons lol maybe that last part is a Terraria 2 idea
Imagine the resprite of moonlord has legs though
No one talks about my favorite weapon The Paladins Hammer, which is kinda sad 😔 . It always becomes obsolete by the time you get it
I feel like the the sharkron balloon should be added with the bundle of balloons, making it harder to get as well as getting a bigger reward from it
Re-Logic and Redigit never cease to amaze me at how dedicated they are to a game. We buy it one time, and we continuously get updates AS IF it is a game that has seasons and microtransactions but we paay nothing. There is a reason that the steam reviews of this game are overwhelmingly positive. I have bought Terraria on almost every console possible and put in close to 2k hours of gameplay, and every new play through after a bit of a break is just as fun as the previous ones. Easily one of my favorite games ever made.
I really like the vampire frog staff and then it gets instantly replaced by the hornet staff.
Would be cool of they bring back ocram but as a mechanical boss
Magma stone + honey comb = hell comb  Releases lava bats when receiving damage, they persist for a few seconds and inflict on fire. Maybe make it a WoF / Mech tier accessory to make queen bee more worthwhile.
My two suggestions would be a Hard Mode equivalent to the Meteor Armor, that significantly reduced mana-cost for space guns. Martian Conduit is about the same spot in the Hard Mode progression, as Meteor armor is in pre-hardmode.  And one I've mentioned a while ago, but not in these vids... A Car version of the drone, that you can get before hard mode. Just a little RC car that can jump a bit (maybe half the base jumping-height of players?) MAYBE make it so it can detect mine-rails and use those as road, but that might be too complicated to code.  In reference to which accessories I think have issues... - I'm Usually quite happy to get that little light-medallion thing (magiluminescence) that was added in recently... Because of the lack of decent light pets until hard mode. But it does use up an accessory-slot, why not place it in the light-pets utility slot?  - In the same vein, Why do the hats that give light (mining, night-vision, ultra-bright) have to be equipped as your actual helmet to produce light? All that does is reduce your defense, and destroy your set-bonuses; severely handicapping your ability to survive the exploring you wanted the light for in the first place.  - I LOVE the flying carpet, early-ish in the game. Because it let's you move forward at a pretty good clip and helps you get over larger bodies of water. Especially when combined with running shoes and sandstorm bottles that get you up to dash speed right away... It's SO much FUN, WHEEEE!!! But that combination is already 3 of your 5 slots... (4 if you count the magiluminescence) I'm always sad when I run out of slots because it's more important to have wings, or the right PAIR of boots, before you can make the boots that do both waterwalking, and fast running. Or you finally get a horseshoe, so you don't take fall-damage, but you don't have balloons yet.  - Once you have the Soaring Insignia... you still have to have wings to you know, actually fly WELL (rocket boots don't count) AND negate fall damage. Which is why I feel like wings should just have their own utility slot like your hooks or carts do. And a matching social slot, so you can put a quiet set of wings in, if you have the amazing-but-noisy Starboard, but want to enjoy your listening experience. ;)
i bet the flailron leak was showcasing the skyblock seed itself
Fun fact pet dye affects the drone
I actually cannot believe you didnt put a side by side of the new and old moon lord. I gotta google now. /:
I don't know how to speak with redd or anybody from the team on the forum and don't have Twitter so can someone ask him if there can be something done about the thunder storm ? It's an awesome aesthetic and is quite scary when you don't know what's happening, but there is literally nothing special about it. My suggestion would be either : -Night ennemies during the day -An increased mob spawnrate -Mobs can spawn even in towns -Or even new ennemies/mini bosses (which I don't think should happen right now since it's too much work unlike the other ones) And obviously some sort of combination of these ideas
I feel like it would be cool if we had combinations of two seperate class accessories so that hybrid classes seem more interesting  Like necromantic scroll with mana flower or rifle scope with mechanical glove   for a summoner-magic hybrid and a melee-range hybrid respectively.  Maybe there are some examples that are better than what i listed but i still believe this could be good.
Drunk worlds interact with living trees a lot, so that sky island living tree could be a seed combination.
4:20 I'd have to say the flamelash and the magic missile, I love the ability to direct a projectile through spaces, just really fun in general. There are a couple items I find are really hard to get until they're not very useful anymore. Like the fossil armor
make it so the love potion temporarily makes any npc happy so u can get cheap prices
A accessory to let u see the mobs icons on ur map would be amazing. Especially for when ur farming a specific mod
I love the chain knife, I wish it had spin flail mechanics and easily obtainable
Hey chippy if u see this chat: tell them add some INF map to add some villager like Minecraft and new minion sommun name goluum like golem but it has some small dmg but high health and add new boss in the space name Wyvern King or quenn I hope if you see this chat thank you:
I think it would be fine if they added skyblock regularly too because console would get access to play something different for once
I would want something like the ShimmerBlock map, where there's a pool of shimmer and nothing else - but add new shimmer interactions! Let players experiment and find out what makes what using these altered shimmer interactions, like a game of Little Alchemy :)
How bout a mega qccessory combining ALL expert accessories, including moonlord's snow globe
I wish the fairy boots were more useful. You'd think because it used up the spectre boots and a rare jungle accessory that it would actually do something and it really doesn't, unfortunately. Also, WHY DOES THE OBSIDIAN HORSESHOE STILL NOT COMBINE WITH ANYTHING!? Seriously, how long has this item been in the game and it still doesn't combine with a balloon, or boots, or NOTHING! Seriously, make the obsidian horseshoe actually viable
I believe the drone can be colored through placing a dye in the pet slot
They should make the pirate less useless. Maybe you could pay him and he’d give you the coordinates for an unopened treasure chest.
I just want an accessory that lets me dash in 8 directions and wave dash like in Celeste
I think love potion should increase NPC happiness so pylons are easier to get❤
Moon lord legs are now cannon with the resprite
What if there’s a new combat system. Not just melee like a better one. I made one.what if there were charge attacks or a charge attacks when you hold down the attack button you do a spin or powerful Pierce through multiple enemies and the spin damage does damage each time, but it also hits around you and there’s air attacks  which combo into the charge or normal attacks that’s melee. Magic is where the charge attacks get even stronger but longer and when your charge up enough you can do a powerful attack but it takes 30seconds to load that’s magic. Sumner is we’re your summons can to do fast swift attacks and what ever button you press that will be the attack the max is 3 and whips can pull an enemy towards you except bosses that’s summoner.ranger is about staying safe so your charge is not that strong but it all comes down in the bullets and air attack you can spin diagonally then shoot loots of bullet also the more you focus aka charge with bow and arrow you will 100 percent do a critical hit. I couldn’t respond this to red so can somebody make this a reality.
I think it would be neat if there were “ancient” variations of certain weapons that worked like those weapons in older versions.
What if... Love potion when thrown on another player uses the players health to heal the other... ?
Summoner deserves more accessory combinations so that they can put survivability for more slots without sacrificing DPS
6:11 Drunk World definitely included.
All I want is for the shimmer permanent boosts to be displayed somewhere on your character’s, other than that all the other ideas are soo cooolll!!
floating island seed?
I want an accessory that combines Bone glove, Bone helm, the expert drop from Quen slime (royal jelly is it?) and spore sac
My favorite obsolete item is the hex doll (or whatever it’s called). My favorite class is mage, which sucks because it’s the least versatile of the classes. I love the shadowflame weapons, but the hex doll is basically useless by the time you get it. The crystal serpent is better overall damage IMO and you should already have a flamelash by that point, meaning the doll is outranged and out damaged (by virtue of accuracy) by the time you’re able to get it- not to mention the fact it drops from a somewhat difficult miniboss if you’re facing it directly into hardmode which is the only time the doll would be useful. I’d love an upgrade to it, like the flamelash to the magic missile. It’s such a cool short range magic weapon that really doesn’t get used.
I like the idea to add a seed for skyblock, it would mean that people that don’t have access to mods and world templates would be able to play this as well  Also, a multi-shield would be very cool, consisting of the shield of Cthulhu, obsidian shield, paladin’s shield, and the other ice one I forgot the name of.
it would be so cool if you could combine certain boots with wings, like the frostpark boots with the frozen wings
I wish more expert and master mode could have upgrades like the shield of Cthulhu like the calamity mod and the worm scarf
I think for a skyblock seed, taking some insparation form the Original tutorial would be great also from Skyblock maps people have already created. Making an obsidian platform in hell for the Old Man and Angler, increasing Heart Crystal drops from Golden Crates etcetera.
Hey chippy received my chat?
For the Accessory Combinations. Expert Accessoriy Combinations in general. A lot of the loose usefullness rather quickly. I could see  Royal Gel + Hive Pack + Honeycomb,  Shield of Cthulhu + Master Ninja Gear, Bone Helm + Bone Glove,  Volatile Gelatin + Spore Sack + Papyrus Scarab, Shiny Stone + Charm of Myths.  Also... Master Ninja Gear + Frog Gear...
Maybe it should be so expert tinkers (shield of chutulu plus cobalt shield) are master exclusive, to give more incentive and add a tinker that makes so much sense
Im gonna go simple and just say, dye for the sentries.  And maybe also increase the sentry max cap, since some accessories dont stack
Red watched Wand of Sparking's video
you bet I’m gonna do a new playthrough! The constant has been looking fun…
jack and the beanstalk world gen
It would be super nice if Shield of Cthulhu could be combined with something, i end up using it basically the entire game so it kinda sucks that theres nothing to combo it with.
A cool love potion effect would be depending on your player characters gender certain npcs within a certain radious will have unique text follow you around like summons for a limited time before teleporting home (only works if you have a pylon) aswell as reduced prices (it probably wouldn't work on the goblin tinker tho because he loves his money to much)
a bee hive summon, it sends homing bees from above the players head
The bee gun and the wasp gun. They’re super fun but lack an endgame variant.
My favorite and also the accessory combination I want is Parade of balloons, It always bugs me that you cannot combine every kind of balloon (sharkron, fart, and honey) and then cap it off with a chef's kiss horseshoe. I need the satisfaction!
few thought on what i would like to see for accessory combos. something with the celestial emblem. main few thoughts are adding it to the magic cuffs or magnet flower. the next main one is a sort of ultra shield. literately just all the shield in one including the eye of cthulhu shield, though that might be to good all things considered. bone glove and bone helm for fun. some use for the royal gel, maybe with the volatile gelatin. finally, not really combos but i want to see some changes to the accessories for yoyos. mostly the fact that they are mostly given to the merchants that show up when they feel like. would like to get them in ways that dont need me to wait.
I'd like to have a way to get the hell forge in a skyblock world like: lava fishing IN HELL BIOME, as until now hellforge is unobitainable in skyblock. I understand some items to be unrenewable, but hellforges are not rare and a important progress marker so I do not see a reason to keep it a "regular only" feature, and so I do want a Skyblock way to get them. I'm not an natural english speaker so my english is not the best.
My favorite item that’s obsolete is and kind of speed boots I love to use asphalt and wings get so good late game their just useless. I think if you could combine any kind of speed boots with some asphalt to make asphalt boots or something that would make you run as fast as asphalt on normal land and increase speed on    Normal asphalt.
My favorite obsolete item is actually the crimson armor, it has such a diverse set bonus that works well with every class, plus it looks sick as hell. A shame it can get outclassed very easily in an average playthrough.
can you show the complete version of update that confuses me please 🫠
Me gustaría algo como la suma de todos los collares y accesorios que se pueden combinar con el collar de cruz que te dan los cofres falsos.
More summoner accessories and accessory combinations *NOW!*
I would love to see an upgrade to the chain knife. It's one of my favorite weapons by functionality and a late pre-hardmode version that uses hellstone to improve it would be awesome.
A combination I would like, and I don't know how this would work, would be boots+wings   I hate having to either use two slots for mobility items or swap out my wings for boots while running across the map.  For the Skyblock map, I think it'd be real fun to basically have an alternative version of Don't Dig Up, where you start at the bottom of the world, which is actually Space, and the top is the Underworld. Some special world gen would need to happen to make it work.  A couple uses for the Love potion I can think of is having it reduce npc prices, making two npcs who dislike each other favor each other more (since matching both npc to npc and npc to biome for optimal prices is difficult, this makes it easier) and/or having a Charmed effect on enemies. Non miniboss and non boss enemies who are charmed will fight for you and attack other enemies (but will also be attacked in retaliation). Bosses and minibosses who are charmed temporarily deal less damage.  I wish we had a third set of accessories for ultility accessories. These accessories would be strictly non combat, non defensive and non mobility based accessories. Things like the Treasure Magnet, the Greedy Coin, the Hand of Creation, the Lavaproof Fishing Bag, the PDA or any of it's components, etc. That way we can access that utility without needing a slot since there would be specialized slots just for those items. To balance it, any modifiers on these utility accessories would not be applied.
For the skyblock the problem is we don’t have that on console 😅
Flailron always bugged me. Thanks Red!
An interesting idea for the love potion would be to have a short effect on enemies with the debuff that would make the mob fight alongside you temporarily
terraria is the best who is with me  👇
we need a hardmode boomstick
Hey chippy can you make the comments a bit bigger on the screen? cuz you know there's some mobile users watching your channel
Shield of Cthulhu and ankh or obsidian shield would be nice and i keep imagining what would all of the shields combined give you🤔
Yoooooo The moon lord is now gonna look more menazing!
I think we should have a boots slot considering how essential the hermes-spectre-spark are, and that it just makes sense
Would be awesome if you could combine certain wings with the boots.. It always amazes me how active Red is with the Terraria community.
Id like more weapons that work with broken hero swords
A skyblock seed would be sick af but why were you talking about steam maps because there pc exclusive
tree cloud is absolutely the skyblock seed
It always struck me as odd that the pygmy necklace doesnt have an upgrade or combo, also in terms of items that quickly lose their use, the biome chests get overshadowed immediately by empress and duke, which is unfortunate since they are some of my favourite weapons in the game.
Love potions could be used to turn npcs into summons. Throwing on the npcs turning them into summons, and when you get all of them including time specific npcs like santa you can combine them into an accessory.
I Love the Light Discs but they really suck for fighting anything that's not a basic mob.
At this rate, terraria 1.4.5 is gonna become 1.5 just like 1.3.6
I want an all boss accessory. Yk do things fargos style
Id totally love the Ultra shield  Huntress Buckler + squires shield = Old ones barrier  Paladins Shield + Hero’s Shield + Frozen shield = Saviors Shield Ankh shield + Shield of Cthulhu = Dead Gods Heart Dead Gods Heart + Savior Shield + Old ones barrier + Celestial Shell = Ultra shield
I think that the love potion should temporarily reduce the prices for NPC's that get it
I want pre hardmode summoner to be able to go into hardmode like bee staff into wasp staff kinda thing
It would be neat to see a Lobster sommon staff in Terraria
What if the love potion made it so npcs temporarily give you a discount
For a Skyblock seed: Large sky islands that are one biome only, so you have to bridge to the other biomes. There would also be islands down in the underground layers that would be like a spider cave, glowing mushroom, and biome variants.
TONS  AND TONS  AND TONS AND TONS OF sky islands!!! That is what I want!  I want hundreds of sky islands all the way from space down to hell!
The only answer is bring back heart shrines.
I love the biome weapons, they kinda become useless after golem unless it’s vamp knifes hoping for maybe an upgrade path or something but that’s asking for too much  Edit: I said vamp fangs instead of knifes 💀
I don’t know how they could go about this. But it’d be cool if they made a seed where the surface and underground was only a half or third of the world. And you would have to go into space to gather resources and fight bosses. Maybe they could add a potion in this seed or an accessory to remove the effect of low-gravity.
The nose for the Voldemort-Moonlord could breath out ichor (like shooting out from flamethrower, literally nostrils flaring) once his heart is exposed
I really hope we see a Rocket Boots + Frog Leg combo.
Expert accessories need to be combined :)
Ask red if there's a way to make a map bigger than the bigger map, because if so, it would be great to have an even bigger map.
some super endgames ultimate accessory that combines the Paladin’s shield and it’s crafted items with the ankh shield? maybe make it require luminite and each lunar fragment?
if they end up making a skyblock seed i hope they severely bump up plantera bulb spawn rates because i need to wait so much for one that i stopped my playthrough there. that or faster grass spread
Surprises me there's no Terra Shield, taking the Ankh Shield even further. I'm also surprised there's no upgrade to The Bee Cloak, or some kind of Terra Cloak hybrid of weird things. Greedy Ring + Shellphone? Something that goes obsolete for me is the Terraspark boots and wings. Once i get a fast flying mount, i unequip them. If there was an Upgraded Boots or Wings that allowed you to Dash I would keep them, or maybe a dedicated Wings equip slot.
Worms
A set of items that eventually become obsolete after a while are summoner staffs(This can be said about most weapons) But after getting the op summons the older summons can't hold their wait but a lot of them are really cool! Like the Sanguine Bats or Enchanted Daggers, I think it would be cool if you could display the summons maybe by having a way to have them fly around builds to add another level of ambience(Obviously it would be purely cosmetic and they wouldn't fight if you weren't using them as your primary summon, Just a thought though :D
an accessory combination id like is a combo between the shield of cthulu and the ankh shield could be called the shield of immunity or something along the lines
...I personally think a Terraria Skyblock seed for console would be good since you don't have Steam on console for specific mods such as a Skyblock seed.
:D
One combination I’ve always wanted was the Pygmy necklace and the Papyrus Scarab. A two minion slot addition accessory seems unlikely to be added, but I’d love it if it happened.
I wish we could combine the dash accessory to have more space  because that thing It is so useful that It should have its own slot
We know about the skyblock maps on the Steam Workshop but what about console players? We can't enjoy those maps and the only way is via youtube videos, so i would love if Red adds a Skyblock seed c:
(Me and Empress of Light married)   Thx love potion😀
anhk sheild + shield of Cthulu
id like a builders workshop seed that only works if you have the moon lord achievement
You know red right I’d like to know if you could ask him if he could add cross play for pc and mobile cause me and my friend would like to play terraria together but we realize the hard way that PC and mobile aren’t cross play so if you could ask that would be greatly appreciated. 😊
2 skyblock seeds: a basic one and a hard one
I really hope we get some shield of Cthulhu combinations Shield of Cthulhu my beloved
I would probably like to see more expert mode accessory combos, they don't seem to have many. Also, yeah torch platform smart cursor would save my life. Obsoletion item would probably be either the spelunker glowsticks/flares, or the flare gun.
Shield of Fouilloux
Honestly, my hot take is that Skyblock just doesn't really work that well in terraria. There are so many hoops you have to jump through to make it work/progress, which isn't an issue in minecraft skyblock because there isn't really "progression" in the same way.
Feral claws plus any Summoner accessory always annoys me that you only equipped that thing as a Summoner for auto swing and nothing else maybe with the beetle both come from the jungle?
Oh my god there redesigning moonlord to give him legs
Combining all the passive damage accessories into one would be awesome.
relogic try not to be the best dev team challenge(impossible)
I would love to see a combination of boots and wings as an upgrade for the terraspark boots, just like every mod in existance has shown.
I don’t know if someone else has said this but like what if we get an anatomically correct moon lord… with his ribs protecting his core!
what happened to the Platform gun/Platform shoes that were discussed for making a new way to easily build arenas?
Honestly, another slight rework to the Moon Lord fight would be cool. Since it's the final boss and all, changing a little bit it's attack pattern or even introduce some new attacks could potentially improve the experience of this final battle.
in a skyblock seed I would want the very minimum you would need to get every item in the game, but with a bit of shimmer somewhere to streamline some of the process
The problem with the skyblock mods comes down to biome regeneration. For example, in the better skyblock mod there are chest scattered around the world that have 10 blocks of each biome and enemies like the ant lion require 40 blocks to spawn in ordered to create more sand blocks to create a desert/ocean biome.  I know other mods have the ability to spawn infinte amount of blocks but at that point but it's doesn't promote exploration because everything can be produced in a shimmer pool or a magic slot machine block.  I feel like better skyblock mod is the top skyblock mod because It forces you to explore the map to find these chests and if Red did follow this template, increasing the number of blocks per chest would allow the slow generation of biomes over a playthrough. To incentivize people to explore , Red came maybe add pets or vanity items along with biome specific items.
4:20, i think my favorite item that just falls off very quickly is likely the ice sickle. really cool weapon, wish you could combine it with the death sickle eventually though
YEAHHH THE MOON LORD TENTACLES FINALLY MOVE
Combine all expert mode accessories to one, requiring you to kill every single boss
A combination of every expert accessory would be kinda wild to see, and it would be post ML obviously, so not progression breaking
I think the giant tree and the sky island might be the skyblock seed that red was talking about.
One potentially broken accessory combination would be to combine all the shield items (ankh shield, Cthulhu shield, paladin shield etc.) into a single item.  Although I have no idea how it could be balanced, I like the idea of making a sort of "Zenith" shield to be thematically in line with the Zenith sword. That being said, I would like it if Boss accessories were combinable in some compacity, because I enjoy how (most) of them function, but am kind of disappointed you can't really use all of them at once.
I think the love potion should make npc’s happier, which makes thing cheaper and easier to get pylons. It could also be used to get a special vanity set from each npc that sells things, and each npc can have special dialogue. All only working for the duration.
Cultist loot bag plssssss
We need the ability to download maps on Xbox one, we can't access steam on console so us console players are missing out on a lot of things that pc players get to enjoy, like map making and whatever else pc players can do that us console players can't, mod downloading would be amazing to, there's far to much stuff for terraria that us Xbox one players are missing out on, could you please address this unfair issue, if fallout 4 and skyrim can have mods on Xbox one then so can terraria and any other game on console
Make the Royal Gel and the Queen Slime Expert drop tinkerable
How you guys communicate with Red?
in regards to skyblock it might be good to have a "traditional" mode that's largely what people would expect from a skyblock map and have a more noob friendly/less grindy mode where resources are more abundant, things grow faster, the world is more condensed and closer together, etc  another good idea is to have options to customize the experience like having fewer resources generated on a smaller map and other things for those who want the challenge
finally moon lord resprite
I bet the seed with the living tree and floating island is a spin on the don’t go up seed and for the worthy where it’s reversed
i would love to see a combination of the royal gel and volatile gelatin, it probably wouldn't be very useful but it just makes sense for them to be possible to combine with each other
I always loved the Paladin Hammer it had cool VFX, had a snazzy design, and was quick. Sadly everyone goes for the Golem Hatchet or just get the Terrarian instead what I'd do for a Post-ML upgrade for the Paladin Hammer that was focused on the Solar set
Maybe the love potion could be used to cause monsters to temporarily fight for you. Kind of like a summoner but cap it at three, it obviously shouldn't work on bosses and there should probably be a time limit. Maybe 35-40 seconds before they become hostile again. It would certainly be made a lot more.
hope they let you use the shield of cthulu and tabi at the same time, I like being able to hit enemies with the dodge, but even if I willingly use up two of my accessory slots to have both, it only lets me use one, and not the other
I wish you could combine Hermes boots and wings since they're the two biggest auto include mobility items
I really wish duneshark, hellfire and flower boots could be added to the terra spark boots
I know this is probably over said, but I wish we could choose the modifiers from goblin tinkerer. I honestly wouldn't care if they increased the prices tenfold. It would still save me about 20 platinum trying to get light on my pickaxe, or unreal on my phantasm
Honestly, in terms of items that become useless too fast.. the first two ores and items sets after hard mode starts… it’s just kind of annoying to grind out two ores you use for less than an hour.
I hate that the slime staff becomes obsolete. I wish there was a hardmode version of it that could summon the different types of slimes in the game. Like a zenith slime staff
The tree is probably a "Jack and the Beanstalk" seed or a reference
I want a building accessory that is better than the hand of creation that allows placing of 3x3 and 5x5 blocks
I always wished there was a bundle of balloons upgrade for hard mode that was slightly worse than flight but still visually cool like the balloons are
Bone gauntlet   Bone glove + fire gauntlet.   Increases melee knockback speed and damage  Causes cursed flame debuff on hit and shoots out a cursed flame cross bone on melee attacks  Also give it like 80-90 damage to help it do chip damage to plantara golem and end game bosses
I expert mode drops should have combinations with other ones
You can die the quad racer drones using the summon die
I am so excited for the new Moon Lord design.
I want influx waver to get an overhaul:)
They really need to combine the magiluminescence with something
I wish their is a accessory that when you change your class for example from Mage to Melee. That accessory will adapt their class armor for say, you have a Solar Armor but you use Mage Weapon, it will make the armor buff compatible with the weapon that you used. For say, it's a universal accessory.  But the only way you can get is but defeating all bosses. More Armor, more flexibility.
ALL I want is just either an overhaul or big improvement of The Old One's Army. Cause it's my favorite event. But the gear is almost completely useless and it's heartbreaking to hear every single challenge or walkthrough say how much they either don't like it or straight out "Really boring I'm not doing that, moving on".
I just thought about something what about healing minions
Still waiting for somebody to mention gates to him because I have no way to.
I think I needed combination of two items will be Stinger necklace and the Starvale and maybe the panic necklace. You can craft it in a corruption world.
For the love potion, what about making it do a charm effect. Throw it at a monster and it fights for you for 10 seconds or so.
Well the ankh charm and celestial shell into one new accesory that would be so epic.
The Handgun is a weapon that I feel drops off the moment you kill the WOF. I really want more handgun variations to go into endgame, I think it would be sick.
a skyblock seed should have no floor and have multiple islands
For the obselete item question:  I’d personally love to see a blood thorn upgrade. Even as someone who fishes regularly, it doesn’t feel worth grinding for it, since the crystal vile shard is a better magic option for hitting enemies through walls and is much easier to obtain. It would be really cool to see a post-plantera version with greater range and a damage increase; perhaps something crafted with spectre bars. It wouldn’t have to be extremely powerful for that stage, since its utility role of hitting enemies through blocks would make it viable already.  As an aside, I did a random weapon challenge a year or so ago and the part I remember the most was grinding post plantera for the deadly sphere staff using the blood thorn and dealing next to no damage to deadly spheres. I think the blood thorn is a really cool idea, but it doesn’t do enough when it’s first available and it isn’t useful at all past that point.  TL:DR: I like the blood thorn it’s not viable because crystal vile shard is better an upgrade would be really cool
Everyone wants Sky Block Maps, but I only want a map where it is ALL Sky Islands.
We need a boulder pet!
Love potion should be able to be fed to npcs and if you feed x amount to one npc, you can ignore their happiness requirements
For my take on skyblock ideas, my mind goes to having more of the map be sky islands, maybe have the surface and underground replaced by biome-themed sky islands (snow clouds for snow biome, sandstorm clouds for desert, etc.) while the caverns become more underworld.
This will be the greatest update i hope
My favorite weapon that is obsolete is the arkhalis it should have an extra crafting tree due to its rarity and how hard it is to get it should be atleast be hardmode worthy
Bone glove + feral claws, that would be pretty neat for melee class
Yip E
I think it would be cool to merge all the expert accessories together (aside from the star platform because I think a wing slot is a must for balance), I just don’t find myself using the expert mode drops much since I find there to be much better accessories when you would get them.
Im not sure if this is already in the game or not, but it would be lovely if deathweeds were able to be collected while a blood moon monolith is active. Farming deathweeds is really annoying and it would give a good use to the monolith!
I love the idea of the Torch God and the "Vein Miner" but it is always left out, in relation to the Torch God which is not necessary and not very useful, I would like him to have a lighting buff like the glowing helmet increasing the amount of visible light or increasing the amount of light emitted by a torch, perhaps providing the player with a light of their own.  Regarding the "Vein Miner" I believe that it may be able to implement it with the use of a potion, accessory or permanent buff having its limitations and being restricted only to ores 🤔
I wonder if they will ever increase the FPS cap of 60 FPS... everything higher than that, makes all the animations crazy fast
Bro took an year to kill that skeletron.
About the flailron tree  looks like the Magic Peas!  they grow a tree that reaches for the sky, where there are 3 golden eggs in a house in the clouds
I didn't even know the rock golem was an enemy in this game wtf.
I wanna try to request some more scythe weapons
I really want the bundle of horseshoe balloons to have all the balloons in it, the sharkron and fart balloons being separate feels odd.
I find it wierd how Melee and Magic have accessory modifier effects exclusive to them, but not Ranged or Summon. Maybe Ranged can get an ammo conservation of 2 per level and Summon can get faster minions
4:08 Second comment, but I think it'd be real cool to have the Love Potion temporarily increase NPC Happiness when they're affected by it, making it not super OP, but still a nice detail.
I posted my response on twitter already but I want  a combination of two shackles in pre-hardmode! It always felt disappointing I couldn’t put two together. I also think some areas that are lacking is just how little the demolitionist sells, and the ankh charm really having no other crafting options than the shield.
That captain America shield and cuthulu shield could be a cool weapon or accessory together
Terraria developers are really built different
Combination of Master Ninja Gear + Bundle of Horseshoe Balloons maybe, like Skydive Suit or something, or too hard to get this accessory?
I'd love to see a Skyblock Seed where you spawn on a large floating island, where the entire world is made up of floating islands. Perhaps some weird shenanigans to make giant landmasses for specific cave areas, the corruption/crimson etc, maybe utilizing paint to theme the clouds in some way.   Or, merge Hell and the Corruption/Crimson in some way, making the very bottom of the underground layer the "Surface" that's 100% Corrupted, with Hell not too far below it.
The master mode twins and eye pets to make 3 suspicius eyes and sus tentecle after moon lord to make them glow with 4 eyes
There’s no expert mode drops that are materials for accessories so I don’t think the bone glove idea is happening
Balloon horseshoe terraspark boots
meanwhile im here thinking it would be cool if expert boss drops could be combined such as the slime immunity and brain of cthulu etc. The combos wouldnt make much sense and would prob be op but i love the expert drops but never have a use for a lot of them as i just end up with the same ranger class items every time.
for the accessory combination tweet i responded with "wings and boots".  3 of the slots are used up by: wings, boots and an obsidian shield.  so half of the available slots are used up by necessary items and when im looking for other accessories to use there are way too many i want to use.  this is an even bigger problem for me when i play mage because then ill also need to have the mana flower.  then i end up getting the philosophers stone and suddenly 4/5 of the 7 slots are used by things i find necessary.  also off topic but i think the first two hard mode ores are useless. there is absolutely no reason to make the armor, weapons or tools (other than pickaxe and anvil/furnace) and then for the third ore the pickaxe is useless because youll make the hallow one.   my hardmodes always start with: -destroy a bunch of demon altars -hop down my hellevator with spelunker pots -get enough of the first ore for a pickaxe -get enough of the second ore for a pickaxe and the anvil -get enough of the third ore for the furnace, armor set and the repeater.  and after ive killed the first mech ill already throw away my repeater for the hallowed one and then later throw out the armor for again the hallowed one
i think the question every terraria player has right now is: In the Resprite will moon lord get his legs back?
imagine a enemy duplicator like the item duplicator that would be funny i think
ML has legs now
i really want a combination of wings and boots in some form i just get annoy having to waste two slots for movement. it kind of makes wings obsolete too with the newest mounts we got
Something they could do with the love potion is have it make NPCs love each other, regardless of their normal living preferences. This would mainly help with getting pylons set up and buying/selling/reforging items. If this change would be too strong, they could make it so it only moves NPCs up one tier in the living preferences of another npc, e.g. the merchant liking the tax collector, loving the nurse/golfer/princess, and disliking the angler while under the effects of a love potion. I'd also suggest it affecting biome preferences, but the love potion only lasts for 30 seconds
SICK MOONLORD RESPRITE but also please dont get me too excited with a title like that. i thought moon lords attacks other than the deathray were becoming intuitive... telegraphed, or something
bone glove and shield of Cthulhu could go hard  edit: the bones could shout out of the mouth of the shield towards your cursor every time you dash.
A in built skyblock seed would be so awesome
Thank you for these updates Chippy, ever since I deleted my twitter I have solely relied on your videos for my terraria news <3
New Moon Lord sprite has legs
I had an idea about bone glove when Red posted his accessory combination tweet, so I will just paste it here "I'd love to see the Bone Glove become a material, perhaps another melee glove variation that scales the throws with attack speed, or the bone cross it throws on a string as a yoyo accessory?"
I just want them to add a skyblock cause of me being stuck to console
Charm of myths+The stinger necklace(+shiny stone) Any wings+Soaring insignia Shackle+Ankh shield -----‐--------------- I love the step stool but there are wings
power glove and avenger emblem already combine into the mechanical glove for melee, but I think it would be nice if you could also combine them into a "Beasthandler Glove" for summoner.
i like that flailron thing
terrauria
My theory on the background of the flairon spoiler is that it's a "Jack and the beanstalk" kinda seed. Just a guess tho
What if every NPC in a skyblock seed sells some blocks, the later NPCs sell harder to get blocks and maybe the stock can increase. Like the merchant can sell dirt blocks Demolishionist sells Stone, the Dryad could sell Corruption Blocks and after the Wall of flesh she starts selling Pearlstone too. And maybe the mech boss summons can be farmed by enemys with a much highter chance, like 1/1000 but if you want it even easier their perspective bosses could have a high chance of dropping those (Skeletron has like a 1/8 chance for a Mech Skull). Beating any mech after all3 have been defeated once could spawn a Plantera bulb, instead of a forced temple for the enraged Golem the Witch Doctor could sell Lizard Bricks and in case you wanna mine them before ruining your world somehow if you make all NPCs happy the Princess could sell the Golem Pickaxe. Or to make it just a small grind overall, Slimes can spawn with items but in a Skyblock seed they have a higher chance of spawning with a block inside of them, dropping a few on death. Or if it was for shimmer maybe Queen slime can drop a few buckets of shimmer/fill up a pre generated structure, like ore spawning in just shimmer into this pool for shimmering, or she has a chance for the infinite Shimmer Bucket to drop.  Also, not sure how others think about it but one thing about the ML fight I would chance is the true eye laser, giving it a bit of a more obvious hint that its comming or make them do it different. I think most of us are just running away from him, the eyes are always slower behind and the lasers come so fast out of nowere. If you´re not far enought away they always hit you, nothing to do about it. And credit here to Fargos Ethernity Moon Lord, since you´re in a arena with him there the eye laser can easily be avoided since they´re on screen, they shoot it at the same time in the same direction and you normally have room to move out of the way with everything happening.  And for the magnet, its at least good for some easy money. But for real, instead of shimmering it why not change it alltogeether. Instead of an acsessory why not make it like the Luiafk magnet, when you hold it it works, could be a random hotbar item for help. Or an inventory item. When in your inventory it works, maybe like Calamity´s old lore items, works when marked as favourite. Or combined with the No Item Pickup stone from the desert. Right click for changing modes from No Pickups, normal Pickups and Increased Range Pickups
The only thing I'd need from a skyblock seed is easy access to Shimmer. That stuff is a godsend for skyblock playthroughs.
My favorite item is actually the Terragrim. I never see it and wish it was more common. I also deeply wish for rainbow furniture, we have rainbow blocks, and rainbow walls i would LOVE a rainbow house.
you can change the colour of the drone it’s the colour of the pet you have
the Love potion should give a chance to make enemies you hit friendly and attack other enemies (like confusion, but better?); obv wouldn't apply to bosses  also Hand of Creation should be usable in inventory like the Shellphone
I hope that with moonlord's resprite goes with a rework to make him more challenging than daytime empress
Maybe each biome are on different skyblock islands and hell is just one giant one that changes the wall but make it drop a new item that allows the player to shoot a short deration bridge since it could spawn a new island just for the hallow.
You're talking about steam's maps, but don't forget that us consol players exist
"Will there be changes to the FTW seed"  "Yes"  *visible fear*
I wish I could catch red's attention, I really want the team to change the biome keys to drop anytime so you always have a decent chance at getting them and only being able to open post plantera or post mech bosses, it would be nice and give a better chance to see those weapons. That or just a increased drop rate or even guaranteed
a secret seed with a giant tree , maybe make the seed yggdrasil or smth that refer a large tree/ world tree
I cannot wait for the biggest and most important item, the EARTH OF DYNAMITE 🤩
Ankhshield + handwarmer accessory combo fr fr
Bone Glove + Ale Tosser
Secret seed idia wearing the full moon lord set sommons moon lord but with a twist
Idea for love potion: maybe it can make npcs happier if it is thrown on them, and give them some unique dialogue when talked to. I think it would be funny.
Answering the first tweet: The hand of creation isnt complete! There are still some building accescories sold by the Travelling Merchant which arent included in the Hoc
Go full calamity, Moon lord wings + Terraspark boots = Terra Tracers
I still don't know where to go to ask but i do want them to being back the old bosses back for 1.4.5
You have comprised in eight minutes the terraria team listening the fans for a single update more than Mojang has ever done
maybe you could craft together the bone glove and the bone helm to make like a bone doll. not sure if itd be a combo or an upgrade, but it would be nice (also I agree on the hands thing)
Meanwhile, Mojang:  Dirt block, but with small rocks mixed into it or some shit
We could use an early hardmode version of the Flying Carpet, since it loses its utility once you have access to wings. There's the hoverboard, but that's a late hardmode thing - there really should be an intermediate step in there.  Maybe a Magic Carpet wing can be crafted by combining the Flying Carpet with Souls of Flight, or a floating cloud wing that acts like a weaker hoverboard that's available earlier.
The floating island with the living tree reminds me of the Terraria 2 concept art, but that's probably not what it is
I wonder… now that the moon lord is being revamped, will his rib cage actually protect his heart?
give us a combination for a later game wings and teh terraspark boots, kinda like calamity does it cause i always wanna use both
I would Love it if Red could bring back the golden turtle pet from the golden seaweed or something like that. This item was in an old mobile version.   I miss the golden turtle I had on my long lost cloud save of the "Ocram" version of mobile Terraria. 😅
I need a way to hide hellfire tread boots’ avatar sprite while still keeping the flame trail
0:37 @ChippyGaming heres an idea how about Fire Gauntlet and Bone glove or Berserker's Glove and Bone Glove
I personally don’t know how to talk to red but can someone bro g up the obsidian horseshoe? it’s literally never been touched and is so useless and does nothing and is such a waste item 😭 at least give it a balloon variant
Woopie Cushion + Broken hero Sword
I may be the only one, but I hope the frost legion gets a bit of attention soon
I wish they returned the uploading character to 1.4.4 feature. Idk why they removed it because I just learned that you can import your Xbox 360 character to Xbox one and i hope they bring it back
ankh shield + shied of cthulu or paladins shield. maybe also make it post-moon lord but immune to the moon lord tongue effect?
Dart Rifle's definitely my fav item that goes obselete, I wish we had more dart weapons
I would love to see the shield of cuthulu get a upgrade by combining it with the demon heart making it a choice where if you want a better dash or a 6th accessory slot when you start hardmode
I think all expert boss accessories should be combinable.  Bro, uh- The Rock Golem is rare? I have a basic farm in the cavern layer and have gotten the Golem a billion times.
Might have been suggested already ankh shield + frozen turtle shell and the shell shield + paladins shield = holy shell shield. I'm sure the team can think of better names.
3:09 i got a cursed thought about skyblock seed,  what if Wall of Flesh will go upwards on that seed? :D And the world itself must have different size, being vertical instead of horizontal
For the sky island map maybe something like calamity’s floating sphere things but a whole map of just those? And you can find one that’s like an ice biome or jungle etc with randomly generated shapes and sizes? And this may be out of the scope of the seed but add wings to slimes and other enemy’s that don’t necessarily allow them to fly but cross large horizontal distances to reach you from other islands?
If moonlord has the legs in new sprite then terraria is almost complete
What if the love potion temporarily makes npcs "fall in love" with the player which either reduces prices or increases town happines for a short time to for example buy pylons
Most post plantera dungeon drops and even biome chest items become obsolete immediately after getting pillar weapons which can take no more than an hour or two after getting a decent setup from the dungeon (golem + cultist). There's not much at that stage of the game that is useful for ranger other than the sniper rifle, xenopopper, and vortex beater/phantasm. Would be cool to see some upgrades for post plantera weapons. Could be enhanced by vortex fragments to upgrade some of the drops. The same could apply to most classes as well, with using fragments to upgrade existing weapons. Mage struggles at this point of the game where you're pretty much forced to grind events for the razorpine or blizzard staff.
My response to reading the title 3 times over, “Oh NOOOO!!!”
I was thinking about how can you make potion of love better for the last 20 minutes and here's what i came up with:  Lets think about "Love". What if you throw potion of love into NPC of the opposite gender? He/She can lower the price (obvious one)...or sell you unique items. For example lets look at arms dealer: with "Love" debuff he will now offer you new type of guns and what guns he's selling can depend on: his happiness, pre-hardmode or hardmode, his neighbours and etc. And the same thing with other NPCs.  Now about "debuff" part. Yes, "Love" can be a debuff, so you can't just cancel it anytime. And because you are"Loving" NPC you're talking with you will pay x2 amount of money (you want to support his business)  You can imagine something for every NPC except the ones that don't sell items. Like Guide, Nurse, Tax collector, goblin engineer and etc. If goblin is pretty easy (best modifications are more likely to appear) than with other it's complicated. Guide can give you advice for boss battles. Nurse can lower price (depends on her happiness (ONLY WITH "LOVE")  ) . Dryad can tell you where she can "feel" evil biome location. For others i think you can imagine yourself  And the most important part: gender As said earlier: NPC must be opposite gender. If you are a man - women NPCs will give you bonuses. You're a woman - men NPCs.   Now a small part - dialogues  NPCs with "Love" will compliment you(depends on happiness but always will be good thing)  And last but not least - neighbours NPCs with "Love" will forget that they dislike/Hate his neighbour. Dislike=like/hate=neutral/like=love/neutral=like. And NPCs surrounded with their best neighbours and with "Love" will give you lowest price possible (add discount card and you will rob him/her)  And i spent same 20+ minutes to write this all.....i need to get personal life
Hype
Readd orcram
Stink potion might make npcs killable with any weapon
Would love to see a skyblock seed using the standard floating islands in the game - one for each biome (might have already been done idk)
I think alot of the people asking for a skyblock seed are on Xbox, Playstation and switch.
i would love and avenger emblem upgrade to the pygmy necklace, i mean think about it! all the other classes get there own dedicated avenger upgrade to an accessory and i feel the pygmy necklace would be perfect for that upgrade!
Oh good God what has he done this time
Could make crimson and corruption boss items fusible
I think that some of the weaker ⁄ less used expert mode drops should be able to be combined into another accessory to give them a little more love
The item that gives infinite flight with the sun amd moon stone plus the werewolf and mermajid transformation
617 is the new skyblock island :D
I'd like to see the Clentaminator/Terraformer distance changed slightly so its easier to math our how often to dig hellavators for a full world cleanse. Am I the only one who obsesses over coordinates when starting a fresh map? :D
I love the bone glove and all the other 'passively damaging' items, like the bone helm, volatile gel and the spore sac....... My idea was to make a Monster Crown that merges all of them and just passively summons tiny monsters to fight for you in random ways
Moon Lord legs?
The best accessory would be every expert mode drop. Very op
Bone glove and honey comb is the first thing that came to my mind
You already know that sockrteez is foaming at the mouth over that Flairon upgrade.
I hope they fix Moon Lord's spine being the same shade as his ribcage
Fusable Armor sets or being able to put reforges on Armor (maybe using something special rather than just goblin tinkerer) would be pretty legit.
5:03 i thought the same way! But i honestly found a work-around, i have utilized the loadout feature for different situations, my first loadout is my main setup, second is for building/fishing, and my third loadout isn't really set for anything, sometimes i put a second class there or wiring type stuff 😊
I wonder if theyd ever add a secret seed for console features? I know i know, let it go...i already have, but hear me out. They say the features dont fit into terraria, boom secret seed exclusive. Dont have the rights to the sprites. I bet that if he did a donation stream anyone woukd pay an absurd amount of money to get those features back. It feels odd that console and mobile exclusives are only available on pc via the consolaria mod. Would like them back on their native versions. Also wrap asian version exlusives in the seed for funsies. Lastly, make the seed a floating island to reference old tutorial worlds from those versions. If red personally sats no to this i will give up once and for all.    I miss dragon armor, it looked cool.
I really like the FLAILron, looks so cool
A second demon heart from the moon lord please I wanna hold more items
i think your issue with the treasure magnet is the fact that those kind of acessories are usually not designed for permanent use, more so for a player to swap for something else where picking up more items from farther away would be handy
volatile gelatin with royal gel it makes slimes help you even slimes spawned by bosses,it would boost slime related stuff dmg like drops and would gradually spawn slimes,a little too much but its a cool idea
How can I try to submit an idea to Red? I have a concept for a thing that allows one weapon to use one ammo while another uses a different one. For example, say you have an Onyx Blaster and an Uzi, and you want to use standard musket balls for the Uzi to get the high velocity effect, but don't want to only have musket balls for the Onyx Blaster. So you use the item (it could be an accessory or not) and assign an Endless Musket Pouch to the Uzi, and then a stack of Explosive Bullets to the Onyx Blaster, and now you have your preferred ammo for both. Would this be a good idea for the game, and if so how can I send it to Red?
“Even better” implies Moon Lord was ever any good
I want for skyblock seed, like Minecraft sky block
Yo where can I give red a suggestion, I got something funny for him.
a skyblock seed i would want is you start on an forest floating island and you have to find the other floating island biomes to progress and the bottom of the world is lava
Accessory combinations: Hand of Creation + Gold Ring, to give the Hand of Creation some sort of use while farming. What I would want out of a Skyblock seed: I would say multiple islands of all the different biomes, around 50 blocks wide. Maybe, to get to the Underworld, you'd need to break through a layer of lava? Favorite item that quickly becomes obsolete: Spirit Flame, easily. It's such a unique attack, and I love how it allows you to essentially set up traps during a boss fight. Maybe they could grant it a post-Plantera upgrade with Souls of Sight and Spectre Bars?
I said this a thousand time but if they do something with the sky,i would realy love to see an harpy npc.I kinda feel bad turning them into roasted chicken in most situation.
Yees more content xD
6:16 and the background is of a forest, so the floating island is not actually in space, wonder what it could mean
would be cool for the love potion to increase the chance for npcs to move in after their criterias are met
I think they should rework the melee speed ooa armors to be whip based armors instead of another melee class armor. It's kinda weird that they gave melee a second OOA armor in the first place, meanwhile valhalla and squire are just straight up better melee armors anyways. I get they were added before whips and all, but this is a post whips terraria now. The melee speed sets NEED to be changed to whip based sets PLEASE someone see this and suggest it to red 😭🙏
I want to wear stone golem head
it would be really cool if all those passive damaging items like the bone helm, volqtile gelatin and spore sac could be combined as alobe they aren't really worth giving up a whole slot but as one powerful passive damage accessory I think it could be pretty good.
we just beat skeltron on zeanth seed and got your counch
I disagree with your point about a potential Skyblock seed having to be unique, as you specifically cite the _Steam_ Workshop, yet you're forgetting that people playing on all the other platforms would benefit from that seed. It doesn't have to be revolutionary or anything, it just has to do the job and be in the base game.
id like to see the bone glove be combined into the fire gauntlet somewhere in the crafting recipe
The seed with the sky island with the living tree is probably the vampire seed. There needs to be a way to get to the sky islands and he’s technically under the tree in the video so…
Why not bone glove with yoyo glove? Then all yoyos would fire bones on hit like the queen bee yoyo? Somebody submit this for me, i dont have twitter
FTW sky block seed
Couple suggestions for accessory combinations: Guide to Plant Fiber Cordage is pretty useless right now, making it work in inventory and the ability to combine it with the guide to Peaceful Coexistence would make it more viable outside of the first 10 minutes Hand Warmer is a weird item, as 1/2 of the item is covered by ankh shield (but not ankh charm? weird oversight). Adding the remaining functionality to ankh shield and making it vanity or combining it with Arctic Diving Gear would be a nice change Obsidian Horseshoe is a legacy item, with each of its materials making significantly better items. Making it part of either bundle of horseshoe balloons or terraspark would give either item some additional functionality. Expert Items shouldn't be required for normal accessories, but I think combining some expert mode items together would be a neat idea. Bone Glove + Bone Helm, Volatile Gelatin + Spore Sac, Shiny Stone + Royal Gel, etc Couple Obsolete things: A lot of the early game mounts look cool, but all become almost useless the second you get QS mount or the infinite flight mounts Pyramids are awesome to get, but there really isn't much substance. Readding something like the second pyramid room from old mobile versions would be a great way to spice up an old structure Demon altars need to be revamped. Currently, they only make boss summons, night's edge, ancient hallow, and the void bag/vault. Ancient hallow armor fits more with shimmering normal hallow armor, as shimmer is where all the other ancient armor is. If you fish for your hardmode ores, there is a non zero chance that you don't break one, meaning you won't get natural pirate invasions or mech bosses
I really like the Cthulhu shield bash. So a combination of it and accessories like the Honey Comb or the Star Cloak would be awesome. Spawning the projectiles, when you hit a enemy with the shield bash. Making it a offensive focused counterpart of the Master Ninja Gear.
I'd like to see all Cloud in a Bottle variants combine into an item that gives unlimited air jumps. As for items that become obsolete, I can't think of anything specific, but just weapons and armor in general.  Sometimes an armor set has a cool set bonus, or you just really like a specific weapon.  It would be nice if these could be upgraded to stay competitive with later gear.  I can't think of an easy way to implement this, however.  One thought I had was to create a tier system where each tier has baseline stats and then individual gear pieces modify those stats, making it easy to move them up (or down) tiers, but this would be a major overhaul to Terraria's gear system.
Bone glove and volotile gelatin would be cool
4:52 I have an idea,  Throw treasure magnet into shimmer and get a permanent buff that increases pickup range by 3 blocks
I also think a seed that is the old console terriria would be absolutely amazing. Like a seed that would have all of the old gen bosses and pets in it, as well as orcram, but also none of the bosses and items added after orcram was removed being able to be crafted there, this would allow console players to use these item, without having to buy t modder on pc to play it
Sky block seed makes merchant sell dirt. He does say that dirt is worth a lot in some places. Maybe add a line of dialogue about it.
The magnliluminesence would be great to add to terraspark boots or something. It's a great speed item and i wish it got more use.
I swear if on average huge video game devs had 10% of the care and love Terraria’s team has been putting into this game since 2011 there wouldn’t be any dead games, its so funny because i look at terraria and see this game that i played for more than 10 years get so much love and attention and see the game shine like it never has and then i go look at triple A studios fumble the bag over the simplest shit like how do you let names like COD and Overwatch even die
for the sky block map I would like 25 dirt a tree 1jungle grass and shimmer
I wish the Sandgun got its hardmode upgrade, just like Star Cannon does (beside changing the sand it uses). Because earlier with WoF it is a banger weapon, but then as soon as hardmode hits, it suddenly become obsolete real quickly. Also mind if the Uzi drop rates increased a little bit?
I took psychic damage realizing 1.3 is almost 10 years old
Bone Glove + Bone Helm I also agree with the suggestion of Volatile Gelatin + Spore Sac perhaps then a further tinker with the two results. I wouldn't feel bad about no further requirements as both parts need a strictly-optional boss.
Someone seriously has to suggest balance for the shimmer. What if when you enter shimmer the effect passes to the minions and it also makes boss (and invasions too) despawn? because they can't see you) it's a far better solution than what we have now (makes more sense than arbitrarily keeping boss damage despite the concept being you phase things). I dunno if someone can post this for me or something
the not being able to place torches on platforms with smart cursor thing has REALLY been bugging me. i'm so stoked to see he's fixing it!!
i hope we get something like the cartography table in valhiem, being able to combine what players  have explored would be so helpful
The scourge of the corruptor 4:21
please turn soaring insignia into consumable
living tree through a cloud has my interest
the thing about Treasure Magnet is that it actually has another interesting use: some people use for endgame Mage build because it synergizes extremely well with Nebula Armor
I think red (and the whole re-logic team)  is by far the most active developer team in the industry and I love it 😄
I really hope they fix the shading on moon lords spine as its the same shade as the ribs even though it should be darker as its in the background
I’d love to see some kind of upgrade for Cthulhu shield. I love the item so much and just about always use it through the whole game, so combining it with another accessory would be so cool
Hear me out, it would be cool if the love potion was able to be thrown at a npc to make their shop prices go down to max happiness for 30 seconds or something like that
OK so this is a little unrelated to the video, but just a quick question.  In a terraria short or video I can't remember which, you had some modded terraria for background footage. It had your character's upper body turn with your aiming and you were fighting a new boss, or maybe the eye of cuthulu with some new moves(?) I can't remember. But, do you remember which mod or mod pack you were using for that video?  Edit: It was the gray zapinator short!
I feel like my favorite obsolete item is honestly the terragrim/arkhalis. they're the only weapons in the game with that attack style, and they die off pretty quick once you've killed the mechs. they've got reliable rapid-hit KB, sure, but that won't save you from a lot of things later on.
Oh god Red is cooking!
A RoH and shellphone combo would be AWESOME
I would love to see combinable Expert mode boss accessories.  * Jungle Badge - Combined with Plantera, Golem, and Queen Bee. * Hallowed Wings - Combined with EoL, Queen Slime, and Moon Lord x2. * Demon Shield - Combined with EoC, Skeletron, King Slime, WoF, and a choice of EoW or BoC.
What if the love potion could make an npc follow you like a summon, 'they attack and everything!'
The Squirrel hook is very early game and I would love to get a golden squirrel hook by combining it with a golden squirrel to make it much longer where you could make some really interesting arenas with it.   The flying carpet is one of my favorite accessories and I would love to see it at least have a vanity that you could put over the hoverboard and starboard or make it work with the soaring insignia for wonderful hovering fun.   The hand warmer is so useful in the snow biome!! I would love to see it become craft-able or have a crafting upgrade that would make it more viable for late game use.   The cannon that you can buy from the pirate would make a wonderful new sentry weapon. Did you know with the exception of the dungeon defenders sentries there are only 5 sentries! And two of them are post moon lord! I would love to see more sentries even if they are weak!  Also I wish the Batbat could have a little buff its just so slow i wish i could use it more often!
i would kill for amphibian boots to be added to the terraspark recipe and also i would really enjoy if there was a combo of the avenger emblem and pygmy necklace and/or any othee good summoner accessory, kinda like how mages get the celestial emblem, melees get mech gloves and rangers get the sniper scope but summoners get nothing  cause having to waste 2 whole accessory slots on them is so painful especially in classic mode
They should add a hang glider that acts similar to the umbrella but allows you to move faster in the horizontal direction, also if it's above a certain wind speed is allows you to fly continuously, but doesn't allow vertical movement to be to fast. It could also make you faster or slower while flying depending on the wind direction
i think having the love potion lower prices for certain npcs would be pretty useful
Something I want to know, is there any plan to make the oceons level with each other and not high up looming over the rest of the world?
i hope they removed moonlord's fingernails they are looking really strange to me
I think being able to combine the three passive damage accessories could be nice to some degree, those being the: Bone Helm, Volatile Gelatin, and Spore Sac, but I don't know how that would affect game balance.
I would love to see more weapons, or perhaps an accessory that allows you to parry with shields like you can with the Brand of the Inferno and Sergeant United Shield. I find it such a fun mechanic, but only those two weapons use it!
where do you ask things? i would like  to suggest mannequin pets
Something about skyblock maps that just doesn't look pretty in my eyes is the underground and underworld. It's just a huge rock wall. Would be way better if in a skyblock seed there are no underground and hell layers but everything is overworld with other ways to get underground and underworld stuff.
1:38 In the same spirit as this, rare plants should spawn pre-HM again. I don't see the point in making cosmetics a hardmode exclusive.
No way, they gave the moon lord legs 😱
A feature I so badly want added to Terraria is pet collars that could be dyed and bought from the zoologist that way players can name their town pets whatever they please.  I want to honor the name of my poor kitty, Helena, who passed away from her many complications she had since birth. It would me so much to me if I could name my town cat in Terraria in her honor.
Well... a skyblock seed is good chippy because us console players cannot have it at all...
Island Clusters in all Height levels
This is a weird answer for the item thing cus I wouldn’t call it my favorite and I definitely wouldn’t call it obsolete as much as … awkward. But we need a late alternative to fire cracker.   If anyone’s gone deep into summoner gameplay they know the fire cracker whip, ya know the thing you can get right at the start of hard mode from wall, is potentially relevant for the entirety of your hard mode play through depending on your choice of summon. Like just to put it in perspective the desert tiger a biome chest summon, and stardust dragon the best end game summon, only get their best potential damage if you use fire cracker. That’s why i can’t really say it’s obsolete at any point, you can literally play through the entire end of the game with this whip being a focal point for your summoner play style … here’s the catch. It’s still a starting hard mode item. It’s effect is just sooo synergistic with certain minions that causes it to never be irrelevant, but the damage from the whip itself won’t be that great and the range is the real big problem.  We know new whips are coming maybe they address this but if not legitimately you could copy and paste the same explosive effect and just make the whip itself have longer range, you can honestly even ditch the debuff it applies and still have lack luster damage compared to other whips in late game, people will probably still use it just for the explosion and longer range alone. you can make it like a drop from golem or the mother ship.
Hey I don't use redit but I'd really love if the weather vain could actually change the weather, I just really love the walking gold fish and would do anything if I could have them just walking around my base. Ps much love to relogic you guys have kept me entertained for the past ten years!
something the intro reminded me of is that, as of the update that moved the jungle rose out of the head slot (1.4.4), it no longer stacks with the obsidian rose. I had a pretty multicolored flower and now it's gone! it'd be nice if the obsidian rose got its own layer so it could stack with vanity items like this
I'd love to see a vertical seed. It would be 117 blocks wide and wof would go upside from bottom of the world. (Wand of Sparkling did a playthrough on world like this)
Re-Logic absolutely loves to tease its players, but I've never known them to make anything to disappoint the players. They have a certain level of standards, you see. I believe that skyblock tease was legitimate.
I think the magniluminescence would be great for later gameplay even though it is obsolete quite early on.
my favorite items that run out of use pretty quickly is the nimbus rod, dont get me wrong the buffs that it recently got are great and all but you either get lucky and got it early on HM or you just never get to use it against any of the mechs (except destroyer) or fishron
For me, explosives just become completely useless after a while with an increasingly limited list of blocks they can destroy and such a low range.
Alright I don’t feel like posting so someone can steal these ideas I don’t care too much  Summoner:  Summoner potion gives +1 sentries as well  Squire shield, huntresses buckler, monks belt, or apprentices scarf can be combined with Pygmy necklace for +1 minions and sentries  Bee whip which sends out bees when striking an enemy  Please also add some whip accessories  Turn stardust cells into a sentry and I feel like a sentry right after golem Woolf be nice.  Mage:   Mana flower can be combined with philosophers stone to half mana sickness as well as do what philosophers stone usually does.  Melee:   Honestly just give the chlorophite weapons some more range please.   The beekeeper should throw out bees just by swinging it  Range:  Infinite rocket pouch which does exactly what you think and is made the same way as the other infinite items. It can be combined with the dither 2 infinite items to create the infinite pouch which works for any weapon that requires ammo
Map creators also can't post their maps on console, do for us console players, a skyblock seed that's got nothing crazy to it would be enough
i would love a combination with the magiluminescence (speed accessory) with other mobility accessories!!
Molten glove + master ninja gear would be sick
My favorite obsolete weapon is absolutely Xenopopper and Xeno Staff. They're awesome and both worse and harder to get than just killing the easiest boss ever and killing some pillars :/
Honestly, it's been years since i last touched Terraria. But i have recently started watching Chippy's update video, and it's reignited an old flame, and i just gotta play Terraria again!
"moon lord spoiler only shows the head" Me: please have legs PLEASE have legs...
banner holder accessory
in the moon events the treasure magnet is super useful if you do it in an arena, as when switching layers once the event is over it takes a long time to pick up all the loot.
nah, desert stuff is easier to get then jungle
One thing I just though about would be seeds that cut out the middle of the world (except for hell), or the outer edges of the world (except for hell). It would be kind of janky, but I think it would be neat.
It'd be cool if the love potion gave a happiness boost to the npcs you hit for like.. 20 seconds or so. Enemies could just reduce the damage they do to you for a few secs.
imagine if you were allowed to combine wings with terra boots
id like if the hive pack was combine-able with honey comb accessories (despite generally always using the sweetheart necklace when its available i never really end up using the hive pack) also celestial cuffs + the sweetheart necklace could be nice (to let me become the ultimate masochistic mage)
I love how this video ends as he finishes the old ones army event in the background
I'd really love to be able to combine various crafting tables to make a type of super crafting table. For example, workbench + hellforge + loom + sawmill + anvil  = greater crafting station. Of course, it could be further upgraded with the sky mill etc etc. This could be amazing for the way many of us sort our inventory. Much love Chippy!
great video
6:15 maybe an Yggdrasil type challenge seed?
How about this one,       Demon hearts should shimmer into something else
for accessories that I would like to have a combo, I'm thinking about the Pygmy necklace since it's effect is rather underwhelming, maybe combining with papyrus scarab or making something with avenger emblem to match it with the other classes
maybe a secret jack and the beanstalk seed or an actual seed that grows a world a tree? I feel like some combinations for expert accessories would be cool, as they are very interesting but I drop them towards end game when min maxing. Maybe in mastermode you could combine them or something along those lines ?
Bone glove + bee comb (correct me if I’m wrong about that) would make you through bones that explode 3 - 5 bees
Would be cool if Bone Glove + Water Bolt made a mage weapon that was a glove and shout out water bolts like a shotgun and they bounced around like the flower of fire. (Or like the water bolt)  I now imagine Moon Lord with legs doing with a goofy running animation to keep up with the player.
I had a weird bug with a quad drone that made it wear a reflective copper dye even if i didn't have any dyes on me  I think that the love potion could make enemies target other enemies for a short while Also if there was a bunch of love enemies they would all target the nearrest enemy but if there is no enemies they would target other love enemies
Bone glove combined with Bone helm could be a really cool idea!  "Skeletron's Cursed Exoskeleton"  Equipable Attacks foes with the abyssal hands of the unknown...
Skyblock Seed Idea  + Start with a World on a Dirt Platform with grass and two trees + Two Buckets of Water Available + Increase Crate Drops + Lava Available at the bottom of the word + Custom Generated Jungle Temple and Dungeon  - Bosses has 1.5× More HP - Enemies are the same - 2× Enemy Spawn - Shimmer pool Island at a Random Location Underground - Sand & Ice/sand Blocks are brought by the Traveling Merchant
I think giant tree and sky island could be a normal thing. Like something that could hint new players that there's islands in the sky
Treasure magnet could work from the inventory just like cell phone does. It's like having magnet in your pocket
Love Potion: Makes NPC like another NPC they don't usually like. Useful if you want to pair NPCs together that don't like eachother by default.
my favorite item that becomes obsolete is the crimson armor, simply because theres not really anything late game that gets a healing set bonus
Make the treasure magnet work like the encumbering stone
A combination of the charm of myths and the shiny stone or some other charm of myths combination, its potion cooldown is really essential but it definitely feels like its lacking compared to all the rest of hardmode accessories especially in lategame
idea: surplus of horseshoe balloons bundle of horseshoe balloons + sharkron balloon + green (fart) balloon or any combination of balloons as long as one has a horseshoe gives you 5 double jumps  also make pufferfish balloon easier to get this will make fart in a jar more recognized
make the mods become one with the original game just like how the binding of isaac devs did.... i love playing calamity mod but the lag is unbearable.. playing the base game doesnt make my fps drop even a little but with mods will... from 60 to 2... idk is it bcuz of my specs or the mods doesnt work so well together(not optimized) with the game..
An accessory that really needs to be brought into some better combination because it's essential but not op is the Magnaluminiscense, the area of light around you is just essential
Tbh i would love to see Celestial Shield: combination of Ankh Shield and Celestial Shell maybe with some drawbacks or as late game accessorie. Also the sky island with living tree remeinds me of Red"s view of terraria 2 (drawings he made), like the world generation. Maybe it"s new secret seed?
I believe you can actually dye the racer drones with the pet slot!
The love potion should make the NPCs like each other one step more. For housing purposes. Gotta make it imbue a single/dual use item though.
Love potion use: gives you best value for an npc. Can stack with their current happiness to give a big discount.
3:59 I think the love potion should make enemies love you and they become friendly becoming temporary summons that don’t take up any summon slots but they would fight other enemies for you however they would still take damage like any normal creatures
I love the devs of terraria, they are one of few who acctualy listen what people want. Not like some studios nowdays..
They should honestly let you combine most of the boss accessories, I need a use for these things after the next boss after is killed.
Terraspark boots + amphibian boots
I have an accessory idea here it is The king slime expert drop and the queen slime expert drop
i feel like the mining helmet + flipper combination is a really good idea
Royal Gel + Volatile Gelatin! Just like how we can combine the slime boss Master Mode pets, why not their accessories?
Moon Lord with feets
While I don't know how it would work in the balancing of the game, I think it would be cool if they added tinkerer upgrades to some expert mode accessories, like a twins themed shield of cthulhu or mechanized bone glove. (im reposting this because i thought it was a great idea)
I am known for my text walls.  The skyblock thread is in the "Game Mechanics" section of the forum.  Please do contribute your thoughts and questions.  Myself and the other skyblock nerds will do our best to respond.
The world is made up of sky islands and you get varying resources
They should add holy grenade back 😔
I totally forgot that the Rock Golem even existed. As for my favourite Terraria item that quickly gets obsolete, the Blade of Grass comes to mind.
They should mix the bone glove with the sheild of cuthulu  so it could stay useful for longer. Also i dont know if this would ever hapen but they should upgrade the ankh shield with the charm of myths. Idk if this would be over powered but they could make it endgame
I absolutely love just how much Re-Logic cares about their game and the community. They always go above and beyond expectations, and have a great sense of humor. I adore these guys, they have my support until the end of time!
Bone helm + bone glove = the 4th terraria adult joke
Imagine you could throw a love potion at a nymph to turn her back into a normal girl and she would have a use. I'm not sure what that use would be but it's a start!
moonlord legs
We need some kind of way to reveal the whole map in journey mode🤔
wings and speed boots definitely need to combine
Me to
Could be really cool to have a master shield accessory, since the Ankh Shield, despite its benefits, is way too low on defense, and takes too much time to craft
Perhaps the expert accessories could have some combinations?
As someone who has made a resprite for the moon lord, it does indeed take ages
Can they STOP CHANGING SHIT OH MY GOD
What about more events  I would kinda like it
I feel like the celestial emblem and flower magnet  should be combined with chlorophyte to create it
Bone helm + bone glove
I feel like the pygmi neclace + squires sheild could be combined
I always loved the celestial shell, but there are so many better accessories it’s outclassed by the top time you can get it that it’s never useful even to justify using it
"slingin out a bone and having it bouce around the room" ☠
I would say that bundle of balloons become obsolete since wings do a better job than it.
I've always loved the hardmode biome fishing weapons, but unfortunately they've always been pretty bad as they instantly get outclassed by Adamantite or Titanium weapons. What makes it even worse is the fact that they're locked behind hardmode fishing which 80% of players never even think about, not to mention just how uncommon they are. The Crystal Serpent is the only one that's actually worth it, which is just such a shame. I didn't even know the Toxicarp existed until I was scrolling through the cheat sheet one day.
Though this is not an item, one of my favorite looking things in the game is the Wyvern. I'd love to be able to craft a Wyvern Bow who's projectiles would mimic Wyvern movement. I'd make it craftable with Souls of Fright, as they craft the least amount of weapons, and most veterans are probably afraid of wyverns appearing in boss fights. Its specialty would be crowd control, as it would be undisturbed by hitting enemies or blocks, which would make it a great choice for the Tier 2 Old One's Army that would've just opened up. Maybe you could upgrade it later down the line into the Arch Wyvern Bow, to reference the old console exclusive Wyvern. Instead of arcing once, it would arc twice.  One thing that I'd love to see is more dart varieties and weapons. Maybe a Venom Dart could have a damaging aura around it, but the dart would disappear after hitting one enemy, so you'd want to barely miss in crowd control situations; or a Nano Dart that would spawn extra projectiles after hitting a target, like the Influx Waver.
Charm of myths and the star vale would be cool
One combo I’d like to see is frog legs into terra boots
I don’t really know why but I really like the chain knife even though it’s REALLY obsolete(and probably needs an update)
A feature I wish Terraria had is beards being separate from hairstyles in the character creator. Not only would it allow more customization but it would also mean the DST crossover beards wouldnt need to be vanity items anymore (same with the ginger beard). I would ask Red about but idk where to ask him and... i rather not make a twitter account...  Edit: figured it out, just gotta hope Red sees it ig
I have a purely cosmetic accessory i want. The wing cloak. A cloak that turns into wings when you fly
imagine combining every expert mode accessory into like a zenith accessory or something
I just want a seed that’s always winter, and another that’s autumn themed and always Halloween
The treasure magnet is actually less obsolesced due to being an ingredient in the hand of creation, which I mainly slap onto an explorer/spelunker loadout  I may make another comment later with all the questions answered
I think the love potion should make friendly NPCs follow you.  That would give it a functional use, surely, and would make sense for the potion.
0:30 I’ve used that as a summoner for the entire post skeletron to WOF it makes for some good extra damage and a nice range
maybe like alternate terraspark boots that use the frog accesories instead of lava charm and obsidian skull to make water based boots
The love potion should make npc's happier in there location and with there roommates.
Sweetheart necklace + star veil or cross necklace would be nice for making and "endgame" necklace and giving sweetheart more love
sunlord?
the love potion should make npcs follow you so you can lead them where you want
I hope they release it before fall
Lucky horse shoe needs a use since I always ditch it once I get wings
Looks neat!! I wish you had displayed the old Moon Lord sprite next to the new one, though. Had to leave the video to check the wiki to compare the two.
An idea I have for the love potion would be that enemies that are afflicted by it would temporarily attack other enemies until it wore off, maybe last 30-60 seconds.
I would personally like to see upgrades to the undertaker and the musket.
lowky moonlord witch legs
I only knew rock golem had a mask because it’s one of wands of sparking’s preferred vanity
Maybe the love potion could give you a discount if thrown on shop keepers or serve as a debuff potion on enemys
Resprite of Ocram when?
Would be awesome if you could combine certain wings with the boots.
It's not really a single item but more a whole event. I feel like the frost legion is completely forgotten about, because it's pretty useless. I remember playing years ago on my xbox 360 and having to fight it for snow because there wasnt a biome in that world, but now there's a guaranteed snow biome, so what's the point in the event?  I believe there's some features that could be added to make it more fun and rewarding. I've always thought that the snow gunner could drop a Tommy gun and some mob related items! I'm sure many other people could come up with more ideas. I'd just really like to see an event I have such nostalgic memories about see some love finally after however many years it's been since it was added!
Out of ever online community im in, this is by far my favorite.
I think that Stinger Neclace + Cross Necklace could be a nice alternative to the star veil and would make fitting a form of AP into a build easier. While aggro might not be so useful in singleplayer its great in multiplayer if you wanna stay out of the battle for a while but even then i struggle to find a use for the Arcane Flower, its very outclassed by the other two mana flower upgrades and i would rather equip putrid scent instead.
I hope he does something with medusas head.  And maybe a “ninja” class for throwing weapons.  They already have tons of “ninja” related gear and accessories.  Two sets coming from king and queen slime. Maybe add some features with faster grapple usage (which will benefit early game).
I feel like if there had to be something else added this update it would be a tracking device to find the shimmer biome so that casual players and stumble upon it without having to research it similar to adding deerclops spawns to chests.   I don’t have terraria forums though so I’d probably never be able to Recommend it outside of youtube
Love potion idea Temporarily increases happiness
There are two things I want! I want a rainbow cursor immediately because the ordinary one is difficult to see no matter how I tweak it and getting it near post game is kinda sad. I want some kind of super treasure magnet, drawing all loose world items you can snag to you in a single use. Perhaps a potion, perhaps an upgrade to the treasure magnet item itself.
One accesory I want to see is the Terra Shield, a combination of every single shield. I wouldn't want to make it expert exclusive, so I'm not sure if the shield of cthulhu should be included, and I feel like making the player grind for two paladins shields for the frozen and hero shields would be unfair, so maybe there could be another recipe which combines the two (paladins shield + flesh knuckles + frozen turtle shell) to make the frozen hero's shield or something, which you would then combine with the ankh shield and maybe the shield of cthulhu to make the Terra Shield.
Mini moonlord legs 😂😂😂
One Idea I thought of is that they should add an upgrade to the copper pickaxe, since it is the only piece of starting gear you can’t yet. It may have to be very late game to fit in with the others since they are arguably the best at what they do when upgraded.
if 1.4.5 is going to be as good as they're making it look, i wouldn't mind waiting another year for it. my answer to each question:    1: i would like to be able to combine magiluminescence with the obsidian/ankh shield. the magiluminescence is a good accessory to have early on, but i feel like it gets left in the dust after skeletron 2: although i just talked about how magiluminescence gets left behind, i think my favorite would have to be the bone helm. it pierces, does good damage (for its stage), and is great for the queen bee and wall of flesh.
the question of what pairings: its got to be the Celestial Cuff and Mana Flower, Fargo's does this and its a godsend. i might not play much mage anymore, but these items makes them so much better and being forced to choose is just not it. the favorite item thats obsolete after a while: spears, just in general. most of them pale in comparison to their sword counterparts. Rockets, also just in general. why would i use an explosive weapon that hits hard once when i have infinite bullets to hit for 1/3rd its damage at 20x the fire rate? some of both these are fun, or really good trash killers for Pumpin/Frost Moon but against anything stronger then OHKO range or resists hitstun and its instantly not useful comparitvely.
The one accessory combination I wish was in the game is a combination for all the auto attacking accessories. So bone glove and bone helm for pre hardmode and then maybe you can upgrade it again in hardmode to add the drop from queen slime. It would make me use those items a lot more and I know some people who love using all of those accessories but they take up too many accessory slots. Of course it would also be nice to see some more of these accessories. Maybe even one that gives you the chlorophyte armor crystal so you don't have to always wear the armor.
Just have the magnet work in inventory
I really wish they would make the game hotspot compatible. Other games allow connection between hotpot and wifi with no problems, but when yo get to terraria, its just not an option.
shield of cthulu + master ninja gear  master cthulu claws bettter dash and smacking the enimes
Someone else mentioned this but an upgradable key brand would be killer. It could look like different keyblades from KH and have a different effect depending on the upgrade.
I would like too see a Building Blueprint system. A way to save a building that I already made (or someone else) and use it on a different map. Like having it's form in the background and all I need to do is add the materials needed to a "stash" and it will autofill where they need to go, auto paint, auto slant, etc.
Man I love Terraria and the devs! My favourite game keeps getting better, what a time we live in!
The love potion should boost npc happiness
Im pretty sure they are changing design of the Moon Lord because some parts looked... suggestive.
How would a skyblock seed work with seed combos?
Ability to combine all expert mode accessories at the end of the game
The Skyblock I envision is just the entire world split into millions of sky islands, 20-30 blocks away from eachother. Although now that I think about it, sounds a little boring.
One thing I’ve always thought would be a cool idea is to do with summons, once you get an upgrade you just put the old summons in a chest and there they sit, what I’d love is a placeable which allows your summon to just be there, not a combatant but a little summon zoo like the terrariums, because I love the design of the baby slime and other summons like the vampire frog, it might be complicated for some summons but it’s something I do wish existed
I have played through skyblock twice, one without shimmer and one with and it is totally not for everyone I understand what Red is saying. I do not have a problem with fishing for 4 hours to get an item but that is really not an opinion everyone has. I would really like a more casual skyblock seed if any, one where you can fight all the bosses/complete the bestiary and only really have to do fishing if you want to.
greedy ring+treasure magnet accesory is my go to, i hate when i get all the gold but some stuff ends far away from my character and inside walls
6:10 maybe the giant living tree is used in the vampire seed to get to sky islands?
1st question I feel like changing the bee cloak(honeycomb + star cloak)should be made with stinger necklace instead Also having something that uses bee / butterfly wings combined with masterninja gear would be cool  2nd question making a big floating island in the sky with some trees and stone with islands representing each biome a few hundred blocks away from the spawn island  3rd question  Alot of post-plantera  pre-lunatic weapons fall into this question but my favourite is the charged blaster cannon with a 1/800 chance to drop from any enemy in the Martian madness event
A couple combos i would like are All shields (maybe add luminite or solar frags to the recipe) Starboard and terraspark boots
Hopper block!
They've given the Moon Lord legs. That's why they've only shown the face, so as to not spoil the surprise.
The flailron looks a bit too overpowered imo
i think ankh shield + shield of cthulu would be a neat combo
I want more bosses or mini bosses as well as mods for console like what skyrim did
I feel like the living tree on the sky island is a secret seed, independent of the Flairon changes. My question is, how would you toggle the Flairon behavior? In-game option? I feel like that's kind of counter-intuitive. Right-click while holding? Sounds weird imo.
Hellstone and Hellforges need to be renuable :(
7:46 our favorite big squiddy looks grumpier than he used to. Makes sense considering his situation...   You know...    the whole no leg thing...    How his legs are stuck in a chest somewhere and only on secret seed worlds...
For the love potion: maybe when you throw it on an npc is briefly makes them have high or even max happiness? Idk that might be too broken, but by hardmode when you get them I think it's fine
I would want an accessory that combines every expert mode boss item and make the ultimate item
i wish i had twitter, or a forum account, but with my hundreds of others i dont want another. id ask red to update the zombies that have only two frames of animation....
For the sky block seed we would probably need to start with a bottomless water and lava bucket or we can’t get enough obsidian as well as what chippy said
The biome chest items are kind of in an awkward spot in power of being kinda bad for the end-game despite their significance, would love for a way to "Ascend" them using Luminite or something. Also i'd love a way to get Old one's Army items outside of the event because I can't stand it but the items are good.
Rip old flatiron my favorite weopon
I imagine a skyblock seed that is almost 100% made of floating islands. Maybe some big clumps of rock to act as mini caves. And there would be more islands whenever a structure like the dungeon or jungle temple is near.
Honestly i feel that all of the early game rare weapon drops become pretty useless way too quickly. Like cool, i got the chain knife!... post Eater of worlds... like i feel like they should all have some upgraded variant that makes them worth lugging around. The shroomerang got one. Why not all the others?       Also Demon Scythe. I want that to have an upgrade too, its like one of my favorite weapons in the game, but i usually only get to use it on Wall of Flesh.
7:42 we are finally getting Moonlord legs this time
Flails are definitely my favorite sub class, so I'm hyped to see the ability to swing around flailron. I've always wondered why it wasn't like the others ones since the combination of the different ways to attack is super cool. I just wish it the head could also be left on the ground like other flails. I love being able to switch between the three abilities and it doesn't make sense to me that one of the best ones doesn't have all the abilities
I love how 1.4 was supposed to be the _final update_ but then we are already waiting for 1.4.5 to come out now😂😂
Fine, I will play terraria again.
Ugh, forgive my cynicism for a moment, but can I just say I miss when Chippy would talk like a person? He's the terraria equivalent of the cringey minecraft youtuber now..... it makes me sad
while using the bring back youtube dislikes add on, im shocked to find 2.2k likes and 0 dislikes im not saying the content is bad, but i swear if you search up "saving an orphanage from a burning flame" it will still have like 100 dislikes for no reason
the tree in the flailron spoiler is absolutely a secret seed (or seed combo). trees don't usually generate with the middle part hollow like that
The Onyx Blaster is my favorite ranged weapon in terms of pure aesthetics, but I'm sad it becomes obsolete once you get the Tactical Shotgun.
6:11 There's a small chance it may be just typical terraria world gen of an island spawning too low and a tree spawning too high...
I thought the title said "Terraria's final boss just got hotter". I wish
I literally NEED a moonlord bow and i think everyone can agree
I would like to be able to use my crafting stations while they are inside the piggy bank
I like the cross necklace but feel like it is not worth an accessory slot by the time you get it, may be too op to combine with other accessories though, The frog leg/amphibian boot is also hard to give up an accessory slot, could go with the terraspark tree
You can already dye the Kwad Racer Drone by adding a dye to your pet slot, this feature is already in the game.
i think the moonlord thing is a steam avatar so you may want to check that
Love potion goes on two more and makes them happy for a few minutes and lets you buy the pylon for that biome or something they need to be happy like lowered prices
Man its really cool that relogic interacts with the community and doesn't try to make the game as kid friendly as possible even though people would hate it
whats up chippy hope your day is good
i feel like for the skyblock seed, there should be a combo where all enemies drop random loot(except for bosses).
A accessory combo for each class
Still hoping for those playable pianos
Might be too strong, but Tabis/Master Ninja Gear with boots so the dash mechanic and upgrade in movement speeds are all combined into one item would be nice
Skyblock would always be Wendy day and have zombies that have balloons to fly, also I'd really want an ocean seed
i'd definitely like to see some boss drop combinations, too many of those just become useless really quickly if not instantly
I would love for the band of [Band of Mana Regeneration] & [Celestial Cuffs] to be combined with a mana flower. The effect of getting MP over time or on hit are very We can already combine a celestial magnet with a flower but not the cuffs; Kinda sadge.
The main combo I'd love to see is master ninja gear with the frog leg, it'd make for a neat upgrade
something that would be interesting would be if they took a page from Stardew Valley's book and it's NPCs.  you know what I mean. Some people would be *very happy* with this change.
I think the love potion should buff any accessories or items that have team benefits. I feel like its a very underutilized concept for terraria multiplayer and I think the love potion could have a nice role there.
Dude being born at 5:55 is a flex fr
3:26 I think if they added minecrafty mechanics like infinite liquid sources and change up enemy spawning conditions just enough for the game to be beatable that would work well, like making it so dungeon enemies don't have to be underground to spawn on the walls and as you mentioned, changing shop contents...
healing potion version of mana flower
Master Ninja Gear with the Frog Leg. Frog Gear is cool but doesn't have dash or dodge.
for the skyblock seed (and for the vanilla  game in general) I would like to be able to summon a golem in a world without a Temple. Maybe building your own bootleg temple
Bone Glove + Spore Sac- *Spore Glove* Makes the Bone Glove more useful for late game.  Shoots out infected bones that home in on nearby enemies and inflicts poison on enemy hits.
I would love a item that does something with banners, or maybe once you get multiple of the same banner you can combined them together to make a better one? Idk just something to do with banners
True dat, the bone glove needs another accessorie and i think the deerclops ecpert item is perfect.
Love potion should make two NPCs love each other, comparable to the AD and the Nurse.
For my item that I really like that becomes obsolete later on, it’s the onyx blaster and sky fracture. Both shard weapons have such cool designs and methods of attack that aren’t seen much anywhere else in the game (combat shotgun exists but without the cool energy blast), and an official upgraded version of both would be really cool!
Mm, a combined shield combo so I don't have to have 4 different kind of shields equipped to get bonuses
The Moon Lords Re-Sprite Has Legs
It would be cool if love potions decreases prices or maybe if used on npcs that dislike each other it could make them compatible for pylons
Yah, upgraded expert mode accessories! Bone glove and bonehelm and/or king and queen slime gels put together with a blending of their features perhaps?
I think there should be a way to combine any 2 expert mode accessories. That would give them more reason to use them.
For a potential skyblock seed, dunno if it’s been done but what if all the biomes were larger sky islands scattered across the map with the underworld basically being the same as usual?
Blade staff gets replaced so fast but I love how it looks and the feel of it
I hope they add advanced seed gen option where they will allow us what ore is guaranteed to generate in world, and also secret seeds to be moved into worldgen option once you discover them and also to be able to be replicated.   Thats all i need for perfect looking world
I really wish the golem's expert drop could be combined with basically anything, but mainly with the charm of myth's, it's such a niche expert drop that having it as a secondary use would be nice
more Terraria news that is useless untill steam responds to me so I can get my steam acc back
Nice
Tbh I was kinda hoping it'd be news about moonlord being reworked. It could just be my skill issue talking, but I always find his fight extremely hectic. Recently I sank more than 50 attempts into trying to beat him as a summoner without buff potions and I _still_ can't find any rhyme or rhythm to his attacks.
I would love to see the soaring insignia + wings of any type OR make it mix with something moon lord drops and make it a consumable. I always felt that the soaring insignia was a waste of a accessory slot
I wish that there were more things in space like blocks and enemies, yes I know the sky islands exist but that feel more like the sky and not space! If red were to change it he should expand the space and make the sky separate from space and add things in space like new items, blocks and enemies! I think that would be cool
I've been dying for an upgraded Bundle of Balloons that includes the Tsunami and Fart balloons, but five jumps + wings may be a tad bit OP lol I'm probably the only person who cares about the balloons anyhow😅
I need us to be able to carry another pet with me pleassssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss  in terraria  so many cool pets and i cant diside what one i chose
pls  do something with the iceblade
cool
They should make climbing claws shimmerable into shoe spikes.
I wish we had like a volatile gelatin and royal gel fusion
Still wanting the ability to place Larva, Shadow/Crimson orbs, and Plantera bulbs
bone glove + yoyo glove could fit  bone-yo glove
Jesus Christ the moonlord looks terrifying and fits that 1.4 style so well
just in genreala wouldd like to see the expert mode accessories get used to make others.
Oh my gosh, after seeing the latest community post with that insane moon lord texture pack, I was wishing they would add animated frames to the moon lord's body/head, and my wish seems to have been granted beautifully!
Not a equipment mix but I have wanted to see a blue moon and sun fury flail combo for a while
He gets legs?
Can someone ask red to readd holy hand grenade cause its a funny but also usefull item
Looks like a genuinely good new sprite for Moonlord! I hope they try and improve its fight as well. The moonlord was always one of my least favorite fights due to the player having to keep large amounts of distance from it during the entire fight. I would love to see moonlord tweaked to do the opposite, designed to encourage you to stay within close proximity of it as you dodge its attacks.
The love potion could be used to temporarily raise a npc's happiness
4:20 I'm a huge fan of the Arctic Diving gear's design and idea. Unfortunately, it's a very niche item that becomes almost completely obsolete as it is not only outclassed but also tedious to obtain.
CHIP!!
wing boots from clamshell mod
I think secret seed based skyblocks would be pretty interesting.
Hand warmer + Ankh shield just because getting frozen is awful
This would be too op, but: Ankh Sheild and any Paladin Sheild upgrade to make Terraspark Sheild
Red, if you read this, I believe combining the String + Counterweight PHM would greatly benefit the Yoyo enjoyers. deciding on which to equip (especially if it is expert) leaves only three accessories available if both are being used by the player.
That Moon Lord resprite looks amazing  as for accessory combinations, while it's not my idea I saw someone saying panic necklace + stinger necklace + star veil, perhaps as an ultimate "get hit" accessory also combining the terraspark boots with lucky horseshoe and something else might be good
i want the lunatic cultist head to be respired in 1.4.5 but have the old one be sold by the clothier in post moon lord
SKYBLOCK SEED FOR CONSOLE AND MOBILE YOU DONUT
Terraspark Boots + Soaring Insignia + Celestial Starboard. Kinda pointless but in the endgame why not
4:19 Copper Pickaxe, the short sword and axe all have a use, what about the pickaxe?
One thing I would love to see in Terraria is a Ultimate Weapon for all classes like zenith😢
this boutta go crazy
Another rapier I guess
hear me out on this one... Endgame wings, that instead of having the hover feature, they get a dash and/or fast descent (descending at the speed of the slime mount? maybe faster?
@ChippyGaming There is one thing that is on my mind for a while and wish was in game. Can you poke the Terraria team about being able to combine banners? Like for example instead of having each banner from the pirates event cluttering about, once you get them all you could combine it into one special one that combines all of them together so there is less clutter. Or for example to combine all Slime banners into one etc.
they need to add more food weapons. period.
Spoilers to the vid      *New impending doom approachs*
A rocket boot rework/upgrade. Its a nice item but it becomes obsolete the waking second hardmode starts and you still take fall damage after using them. So maybe an upgrade with the lucky horseshoe and/or something else to make it a better accessory for hardmode? 🤔
One thing I've always wanted in Terraria was the gun that the Pirate Captain uses in the Pirate Invasion. I think it'd be very unique to have a mini gun that also shoots cannon balls occasionally
I have some answers: 1st one: Accessory combinations  I always thought it would be amazing to have an end-game accessory. Idk what it would be or do, but you would craft it with all the expert mode boss accessories (not including the cute-fishron mount) so that way u have a cool reward for beating all the bosses (except Duke fishron)  #2 Obsolete item  Royal Gel. Hear me out, it's good, but only if king slime was ur first boss an hour in. It becomes usless after beating the EOW/BOC. Giving it a buff of somekind would be nice.
I would really like a complete rework of the Rainbow Crystal Staff. I allways found it kinda of stupid that Moonlord dropped 2 sentrys and now that the Lunar Portal Staff has been buffed to where the Crystal Staff is almost pointless I think it should be turned into a new summon. My suggestion is it being a summon that gets stronger the more you summon it which floats above your head firing homing rainbow projectiles that can go through walls and do a small aoe explosion on hit. It might sound insane but it would still carry over the spirit of the Rainbow Crystal Staff while giving Moonlord an actual summoning weapon.
For the Sky block would be cool to have slimes spawning with items inside to farm to expand/progress on terraria without being able to mine for ores.
Skyblock seed needs to start with the Wand of Spanking.
Love potions could be used on NPCs slightly improve shop prices
*crosses fingers* I'd love a Skyblock seed.
For the skyblock seed it would be cool if you spawned on a sky island and important areas and biomes could turned into a custom sky islands or hell islands but change on special seeds like for the worthy making the island smaller and the ocean island lava or not the bees making more islands to spawn with mini hives and multiple larvas for queen bee. Anyways That my skyblock seed idea hope Redigit to see my idea
Being able to shimmer the loot magnet would genuinely be incredible. Never thought about that. And the improved "Flailron" is also great, more bubbles are gonna come in handy.
Moon lord's legs?
Why you upload video lately because I love your videos
I think a skyblock seed would be very nice as I am a console player and I have no means to play a skyblock map
Add the fart in a balloon and the sharkron balloon to the bundle of balloons and maybe the King slime expert mode drop and the Queen's lime expert mode drop together like their master mode pets
Since they have made a master fishing accessory, building accessory and info accessory, they could use all of the passive damage accessories like: spore sac, volitile jelly, bone helm, e.t.c. To make a master auto farm accessory.
Terraspark Boots + Soaring Insignia  Now, hear me out  The terraspark are meant to be the best mobility accessory, so in my head it makes sense that it combines with the soaring Insignia sice it's meant to increase your mobility with the wings and many times you have to chose between moving fast on land or going airborne so why not having both?
Maybe the Bone Glove could be combined with the Mechanical Glove to make a Robotic Bone Gauntlet, which gives the bonuses of the Mech Glove and also summons mini-Skeletron Primes every certain amount of swings. Also, since it would be based off of a mech boss, it would need the hardmode anvil, along with, perhaps, a Soul of Fright. The mini-Skeletron Primes would fly around, shooting at enemies, and when their most likely limited lfespan is about to expire, start spinning towards the enemies, following them.
my favorite items that become obsolete in terraria are the forbidden armor set pieces. I love that set so much, looks cool, can make myself look like an ancient, magical golden geenie with some special dye, handcuffs+mask+geenie wispy bottom, it creates a cool tornado effect which is one of my favorite themes in video games (wind related powers), it combines my two favorite playstyles (magic and summons). But it quickly gets outshined by the more boring late game armor sets which just add damage and or buffs to my character.
Shield of Cthulhu + other in-game shields would be cool.
very interested to see how that moon lord looks in game
What if they made the Love Potion cause enemies to fall in love with the thrower, making them attack other enemies like a summon? Of course with its own limitations.
hi! luv ur content!
Something for each class that applies a DOT, (like fire gauntlet for melee, hellfire DOT), maybe something for range, mage, summoner, obviously aside from Frost Armor
ah yes, casually resprites one of the most complex sprites in Terraria. as I said before, Leinfors birthday is coming up. also why are there officially 2+ parents working for Relogic?
Still no lawnmower love... sad
I feel like a love potion should be post mech bosses and be able to make any NPC love the biome they are in, to make it more fluid to get pylons and cheaper items
I might be wrong, (I haven’t played in a while) but I think I was able to dye the drone with the critter shampoo
I just ended a only flail run and I missed the flail secondary attack mode once I got the flairon, this was unexpected and     M A G  I C A L
I want a tinker of the Stinger Necklace and the Shark Tooth necklace, for those of us who like to stack armor penetration with low damage weapons.  +10 armor penetration in one slot would keep it viable throughout early hardmode, assuming you needed a Mythril anvil to craft it.
I think allowing you to combine your emblem with another item or be ablebto upgrade them would be really sick
bone glove + yoyo glove
Chippy you amaze me how you always seem to guve information that isnt hard to understand and its always fun ti listen to. Great job I wish more creators were as good as you but thats pretty hard to do 😁! Great video
Chippy, the one with the racer drone, it has already been added, if you put a dye on your pet the drone will have that dye on as well
If they would really add trees to sky or something like that and ended with castle on top or other new biom with mini boss would be cool and good for start
6:10 Kinda seems like a Jack and the bean stalk reference
I think terraria Skyblock Should be a lot like the modern day Minecraft skyblocks where there's just enough of each biome to be able to exploit it's resources, plus it definitely needs a floating shimmer pool
floating biome islands would be awesome as a seed and id love to see it
FLAIRON YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
I want cuddles rn so much i cant wait to get to virginia
We need a sky lock world for mobile players as we don’t have steam workshop
The phaseblade and phasesaber are almost always outclassed every time you get them. It's a shame since they're literally lightsabers
Maybe npcs could sell blocks from different biomes, like the biomes they personally like (of coarse the nurses is locked behind the wall of flesh), and they gradually unlock as you beat bosses. You beat the wall of flesh? Here have some sand/snow for sale. The eye of cuthulu? Some mud! And the dryad would sell more grass seeds to accommodate, so you can be able to grow a biome off these blocks!
I think for a skyblock seed if it was like the old 1.2 (if it's the same nowadays I have no idea) tutorial seed, where the map spawned at the usual height region, but the majority of the underground and below was just non-existent, so if you jumped off the map you would just fall all the way down to the very bottom of the world. Naturally the seed would have segmented islands, with varying sizes and purposes of islands, i.e. a cave island for ore/gems, a hell island, a "sky"island, etc.
Water bolt upgrade would be cool maybe it become a poison projectile that bounces more
04:10 wasn't Red talking something about being able to date NPCs in 1.4.5? maybe the love potion could have an use there
Loving all the great thorum freads for 1.4.5
Imagine a rework for moon lord in for the worthy or any harder seed   And he spawns with legs    And is more difficult      True moon lord idk
I don't know how I feel about the moonlord resprite. I'm a sucker for nostalgia, and this new one doesn't feel vanilla. It looks more like modded stuff. I'd like there to be an option to have the old one
An upgrade to the Actuation Rod that allows it to be used without placed Actuators would be handy
While I don't know how it would work in the balancing of the game, I think it would be cool if they added tinkerer upgrades to some expert mode accessories, like a twins themed shield of cthulhu or mechanized bone glove.
I think they started getting carried away with the update again
I think one thing that would work well in a skyblock seed, although I think one change that'd work for it is removing the background walls for the underground/caverns because that really makes it feel less like you're actually in the sky. Maybe also have clouds spawn where they normally wouldn't and extend the space layer a bunch
Devs remaking moon lord sprite:     Me thinking they were gonna add moon lord legs to the boss
BRO THAT MOON LORD RESPRITE THO!!
The accessory tinker that I desire is the frozen shield combined with the hand warmers. Would allow my tank build to be immune to chilled, and also makes sense as holding the shield without them would be very hard.
Personally, i'd like to have a combination of all minion accessories for post moon lord, at thay point i also want to have free space for accessories to use for fun stuff. Would be cool to have such a accessory that gives all of the minion slot buffs. But hey, it's post moon lord so pretty much only the imagination and creativity is left right? So no harm would come wink wink :)
Love potion could just increase NPC Happiness for a few minutes.
I wish they would make it so your minions and other summons go after other players during pvp instead of just sitting there not soing anything
Oh boy, another child that will most likely get their own item in the future!   Jokes aside, I'm happy for Jim!
Drinking the love potion should cause NPCs to have unique dialogue
I really wish there was a combination for the obsidian shield and the shield of cthulhu
Torch change > New Moonlord
Bone Helm + Bone Glove -> ???
Bone glove + Spore sac Makes you throw spores instead of bones. Both accessories are pretty bad on their own.
I want way to mix arctic diving gear and terrasparks
Maybe the sky secret seed could have hell be the surface level and an increase in sky islands where the surface, underground, and cavers used to be, with the player spawning on an island near the middle top, or even in space. The sky islands could even be more biome themed than before, like groups of jungle islands or groups of corruption islands.
yoooo 8 min and im in NEW RECORD
That new moon lord design looks sick
I was trying to make a version of that Flairon update in one of my mods, but couldn’t get it working Very glad to see that I wasn’t the only one who wanted it
5:53 Could be apart of a secret seed but itd be really cool if the giant trees sprouted up to sky islands like a beanstalk
We need a post moon lord accessory that's just all of the expert mode items combined
4:14 maybe it could work like this when you use the love potion on enemies ( maibe a new mechanic for potions ) it would charm them and they would attack other enemies, something like charmed enemies from the binding of isaac repentance  idk just an idea
Can someone send me a link to redigits thing because I have so many things to ask of him they are great things as well
Id like to see more shadowflame and cursed flame weapons like a shadow flame spell tome and flamethrower or a cursed flame flamethrower that is similar to spazmatism's cursed flame breath
I would feel like the skyblock seed would be really fun. They could maybe even add special skyblock seeds like FTW skyblock or something like that
It would be really cool if they changed how the novelty guitars worked
I Want An End-Game Vampire Knives!!!
Maybe the flailron background is a hint to how the skyblock world could look
I'd love a world that consists almost entirely sky islands.
My favorite item that’s obsolete is the keybrand, it can be extremely strong because of it doing more damage the less health the enemy has which can quickly snowball into dealing thousands of damage
2:53 tiny spawn island made with like 100 blocks, tiny 2 block dungeon and a medium size eather, small temple with a chest containing 20 ish charges, and definitely tweak the drop rate for life crystals from crates and make more items obtainable in one way or another
Thanks for the upload Chippy! I think the skyblock seed is an amazing idea and I hope to see it in the game
EVERY BOOT. Frog leg and flame walker (maybe not because of the increased grinding, but it would look cool) included. Maybe even add the balloons or wings for extra movement like calamity's angel treads crafting tree  Edit: 0:20
The colbolt shield getting a combination would be cool
W video
Now I just need to wait until this comes out.  And another month for console🙃    Also moon lord's legs now canon?
Day 3 of asking for a way to toggle rain on and off
I wish you could combine shield of cthulu with the ankh shield and cobalt shield
Where are these taken are theg in the forums?
I personally would like the "presserator" it automatically places actuators. Could this end up in the "Architect Gizmo Pack" crafting tree?
Oops, only Space Biome & Sky Islands.
If you ever feel useless, remember the treasure hand exists.
Hi chip game!!
Super hype for this! Also, I finally finished making an adventure map! All I’m saying is if you want a way to prove you’re the golf king… >;)
Ngl I'd love a massive focus on sky islands. Make it so a skyblock seed is like 50% surface, 20% space and 30% underground
Can’t wait for this update broooo
The accessory combinations i would like to see would probably be pretty broken, so stuff like fire gauntlet + berserker glove or frozen shield + heros shield lol
It always amazes me how active Red is with the Terraria community
I think expert mode accessories should be materials to be made into other accessories, like worm scarf and brain of confusion (would probably be op but just an example)
AMONG US
I'd like them to add a painters bag you can add pixel art in the world map to turn into a pixel arted painting and can add any skin and load out to it
Thanks for making a video for us. Thank you very much.
Kol
79th comment les go
Early🎉 gonna enjoy this.
Hear me out, bone suit that’s an accessory combo of at least bone helm and bone glove
Bone glove + bone helm would make a lot of sense but would probably be op
The sentry accessory will be great to have upgraded, they rarely get used because of it. Maybe fusing the sentry accessories together, so you can get an extra two or three sentries for one accessory slot, with an increase to sentry damage? It will definitely make sentries more viable, because for now sentries are only used for a tiny bit of extra damage for a summoner
(Insert Comment Here)
Bone Glove + Bone Helm
Chippy what about a weapon prestige system where you get three tiers by using a weapon a lot and you’d get 10% damage boost for the first tier and so on
We need Boots + Wings
There needs to be a combo of all the expert accessories, like in Fargo’s
First
0:20 TRACERS. Combo of wings and boots. Make Terraspark boots+celestial starboard or pillar wings or something. It would be so nice, as a post moon lord thing
I'm sorry WHAT
Always appreciate the updates  🔥
terraria’s dev team is what Minecraft’s used to be and I’m all for it
Im so excited for the update
Cool!
ive never used the bone glove, is it any good?
Always a great day with new terraria teasers, keep up the great vids!
bubul
More pre hard mode
Good day= Terraria news video
I totally didnt just insta clicked.
apparently terraria’s final boss got even BETTER
Chippy help the couch is getting dusty! We need a new upload on the channel
Im gonna watch this video... because im too early to have possibly already watched the whole thing.
First
This is the one of the days ever
Finally first (maybe the 2nd)
Never clicked on a notification this fast!
First like
First?
Hell yeah!
First
Ayo news from chippy
Early!
This boutta be good
That's surprising news. But welcome one.
Can’t wait for the new update!
Whoa, I really just clicked on this instantly 😅. That aside, I think I’d like an accessory that combined the bone glove, bone helm, volatile gelatin and spore sac, since they’re all decent passive damage-dealers, but a lot of people don’t find them to be worth the accessory slot on their own.
Actually first
1st
GippyChaming
Love you dude… been following for a long time now
Second
Yabagabagoo
Damn that’s crazy
Thanks for all your work chippy
Woo
New news! 🎉
Yoo
Gotta be here early
Within 3 veiws
Nice
Frist
1st
Hey
Hi chippy
Well well
Love ur content!
MORE NEWS YEESSSSSSSSS
LESSS GOOOOOO
yooo first
Yippee
Hi
Yo
Cool
Peak
first oneeeeeeee
okay cip
Yay
?
Woo
Ok
Let's go
the
First
