This is an awesome video. I love the look of these cybertrucks
Elon Musk knows exactly what he’s doing. He is literally the definition of marketing genius..
Disaster or marketing genius?
Thiên tay ở daucũng có.doi với nước.se xe nằm một đống.ban làm rất tốt.hai nghiên cu Thiêm.....sản chế Thiêm chút nữa.Dể bỏ va nước.song sốt.moi là con vãi vật.the giới chân động...
Túi thích nó
That tiệt.nieu loi nước .được nữa là ok .thật là con vãi vật.the giới săn đón
LOL! LOL! "Not quite ready for prime time" You nailed it their bub. And, also, ambulances have those loud AF sirens so you can hear them. But I have to admit, he's a cool Grandpop.
EV's will practically never be the future for a long while. Gas is not going to simply go the way of the Dodo yet folks. These EV fanboys are a niche group thinking this. I've seen this truck have virtually no real world testing going off road anywhere. 😂
A hunter? No sensible hunter would take this barge anywhere. The sun's reflection off of those ghastly panels would signal nothing short of a UFO landing and they would vanish almost immediately. 😂
A silly truck with really no real world applications other than being full of tech and fast for its size. The Toyota Hilux is truly one of the only real world trucks used on all 7 continents.
The more I see of this "truck", the more ridiculous it is, why do electric vehicles have too be dysfunctional.
wheel covers that wear through the tires...some design work
kitchen knife on 4 wheels.  sharp unfinished ss edges, what a goof
ummmmmmmmmm, aaaaahhh, and ummmm, aaaahhhh, and then, ummmmmm, aaaaahhhhh.  Put together a complete sentence, is English your 3rd language, what is the excuse?
Ummm, aaaahhh, and uuuhhh, we are gonna, ummmm, can you put a sentence together?
Deadly EV logic Whole  argument relies on the belief that “we will run out of gas eventually” So we have to transition to electric from wind, solar and  hydroelectric STOP. We can make gasoline from electricity. Using electricity to isolate the hydrogen molecule for fuels is child’s play. Coal is easily transformed into fuel and water provides unlimited access hydrogen molecule. Hybrid fuels could give us vehicles with incredible range.  Natural gas and coal are nearly infinite energy resource. We will never run out of liquid fuel. Electric cars are not an energy source;they are an energy storage method. A 1 ton vehicle storing energy in a box of 18000 double AA batteries with spot Welds is just idiocy!
What a con job! Give it a couple of years…😂
Thick steel and sharp edges… hope no one ever gets hit by one while on foot
So was that all the storage space there was then? In the 'frunk' for the guns and in a rear for a 'chest' presumably for ammunition (ha ha) ?
This thing is a joke. Don’t get in a head on accident in it.
5:40 - oh man... these drains are going to get stolen / "lost" a lot. Tesla should have made a version that you can use as a key chain.
I like it more and more. They should only offer an indicator as option. Because like the updated S, removing the indicator is not my thing.
Munro is a Tesla shill. With real data available now people can clearly see how mediocre the Cybertruck really is, just like all Teslas.
@time 3:40... "I don't have any blind spot" as camera is showing his face with massive B-pillar right next to him.... LOL
This is unreal.  Checkout my take on this model  https://youtu.be/qkbyqfPBP1A?si=ll1kfzrUMdxCn5Cj
👍👍
Who cares about the Supertruck .It is only legal in USA but in Europe not. There are too many sharp edges who could tear people up !It is dangerous and it will never be admitted to Europe !
This is not a review but a promotional video.  I couldn’t watch this passed the no door handle because it helps with resistance and then everything inside is functional. Really?  This is a high tech toy, not a work vehicle, but I guess I am in the small minority of people that view trucks solely as work vehicles meant to be used for hauling stuff, like rock, scaffolding, wood, you know the stuff you get a truck for.  This applies to not only this eye soar ugly ass “truck” but any of these overpriced loaded with unnecessary feature trucks.
When you made the animated noise from the ambulance I fell out laughing 🤣🤣 l. Excellent review. When my lease is up on my Model S, I plan on getting the cybertruck!
What a joke channel. Tesla fanboys celebrating a piece of crap.
Frunk storage is a joke, all electric won’t happen when there is no appetite for nuclear, nice informercial
Come on Sandy , door handle delete for aero efficiency on a 6800 pound brick ?
Munro, Munro. Gas haters are going to be really, really disappointed. I want one of these. But, I don't need to sniff My own farts to justify it.
Hi Sandy and folks, nice introduction.  In my view, Tesla has created the next Chevy El Camino / Ford Ranchero, which not only appeals to me but I suspect the retired and  female demographic.  Easy ingress, easy out gress, extraordinary safety features, good range, bulletproof, a hidden bed when you need it, closed off when not needing a bed, kind of like a station wagon, quiet, etc.  My sense is prospective buyers will not only consider this vehicle against other trucks, but minivans and cars as well.  Chevy and Ford had great vehicles with the El Camino and Ranchero, an now Tesla has the "El Americano".  When I trade in my Toyota 4 Runner and Mercedes ML and pick up my Cybertruck, I'm getting a special name plate with that name, El Americano.  I like it.  Best to you,
The cyberurinal is a useless piece of shit.
Paid
Disgusting Tesla apologist. Musk is a fascist. DONT BUY A TESLA
Nothing on the pickup bed in back? Seems important for a pickup truck.
There will be straight piped cummins pickups in Texas for a long time
Well there goes the "bAD pAneL gAp" argument
How long has Sandy being working for Tesla in there PR department .
Looks like a easy conversion to right-hand driver. Elon my friend , Hi
Cyber factory?
There is Munro with his nose back up Musks ass again!
It looks stupid!
Lots of Moron fan boys will buy anything looks like overpriced  garbage for $100,000. it would only be legal in the usa, not in the uk, and most of the rest of the world, see what a piece of garbage Cyber truck is  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8oyK8zz8QE
Dear Sandy. I've been watching you for the last few years on Y.T. I've watched as you have dissected vehicles and their manufacturing process (your expertise). And I have become a fan of yours. I am a car/truck nut so I really appreciate your style. That said. Prior to watching this video I read an article in the news regarding a man who'd just purchased a Tesla auto and was hit with a $14k bill a day later due to a failure with the rear suspension. And of course others have reported similar failures and bills. Tesla denies any issues. The original person had around 100 miles on their vehicle. Tesla is refusing to acknowledge any issues and bounced it back to the purchasers. As a professional in the auto industry and specifically in manufacturing processes I would hope that you would take interest in these type of issues. But I can't find anywhere that you do. I am curious why? I would never purchase a vehicle or anything with wheels from a company that won't acknowledge and address issues. And issues that places peoples lives in danger. I can only assume you're not interested due to: 1. not knowing 2. knowing but not caring. 3. fan boy status. or 4. you're being paid by Tesla for your Y.T. vids. It it's number four keep in mind your jeopardizing your reputation and potentially career. Signed concerned viewer.
A shit .
Frick'n butt ugly.....have fun owning one!
I wonder what would be your thoughts about this 1,5mm stainless steel leading edge of front fender during compatibility and pedpro tests
Sandy is corporate lobbying advertising liar, snake oil sales man for Tesla  techno Bolshevik agendas , blind zzzzzzzzzombies
4:04 Why is the frunk wet inside ? also at 7:41 the rear quarter has a bit of a dent.
I have been continually screwed over by Tesla. But I still contribute to their platform. Super  easy rear view mirror  fix. Use the Heat pump to direct a blast of warm air over all the cameras and have that same VAC system have a secondary pressurization pump to combine with water to POwerwash and dry the cameras. And have it set to auto wash if needed synching with the rain sensor , Tesla is once again screwing me over by not giving me enough time to have my new Model X transported , and killed me on the financing despite this being my 5th Tesla with zero late payments, Also molder w/124 E500/500E like many other Mercedes before used wind to keep taillights clean- same could be done for the rear mirror camera .. I know you guys will jump on me saying that will kill the coefficient of drag but please keep in mind the w/124 had a cd of .28 and was shaped like brick. And even with the fender flares on the 500E it had a .30 cd model s is .24. So its a minor loss to fix the rear camera.
The Cybertruck probably has a lot of technological breakthroughs. But as a useful pick-up truck, it's a joke.
Ne degen, ne degen. Meniñ armanym❤
Fuck you Tesla
Poor ol' Sandy, forced to shill  another Musk's Folly to pay for his man-pads
Great video!  Here is a summary:  Sandy is in Austin, Texas, in front of the Tesla Gigafactory, thanks to Rich Auto for the opportunity. He's about to take a ride in the Tesla Cybertruck, which is not yet ready for prime time but has enough functionality for a good experience. Sandy notes the unique features of the Cybertruck's interior, including a screen similar to other Tesla models and the absence of a traditional rearview mirror replaced by a camera. He praises the Cybertruck's handling and tight turning radius, emphasizing its excellent visibility and minimal blind spots. Sandy explores the frunk (front trunk) space, highlighting its convenience for storing items like guns for hunting and showcasing the HEPA filter for air cleaning. He also points out a hidden feature for using the frunk as an ice chest. Additionally, he mentions the door handles, the spacious rear seats, and the consistent gaps in the vehicle's build. Overall, he expresses positive opinions about the Cybertruck, especially for off-road activities.
Designed by a 5th grader. Lol.
I love  the things, just wish i could afford it.
The perfect truck....; except for his ugliness
How much you get paid to promote this death brick?
8:20 HAHAHAHA! I totally agree with you!
As a European citizen I hope this car will never make it to us. I agree the design is pretty futuristic, but I wouldn't want to drive in front of this car with my bicycle knowing I have to no chance of survival in a heavy crash.
Munro just another fanboy zero credibility.
I didn’t watch the whole video but I hope the engineers or someone with brains put a camera sprayer/cleaner for that review camera
Did he cut his finger on the cybertruck 😅
Air conditioning, winter heating will really be a energy killer. These tax around 5 to 6 kw at the best of times
It looks like one of the dustbuster vans from the early 90s from the driver seat if you are looking above the the dash area.  The only thing you have is what is functionally necessary...like a 20" screen, a second 2nd row screen, glass roof, and LED lights in the door...:)
After listening to all of the shit Sandy spits out about this heap of junk which only an insane person would consider purchasing, I think its time Sandy retired. How anyone could say its the perfect truck is beyond belief. Also announced today that around 2 million Tesla vehicles in the USA are being recalled to try ang get their American owners not to think their Autopilot systems do not need the driver to be in control
Why have to pry, yank, pull panel to replace filter, and puncture to click back?  Seems cheap, kludgy.  Should have wist, lock knobs up top.  Wind resistance?  Then why the black wheel well flares?  Want panoramic review display up on dash above wheel so that I don't have to look down, away from road.
It's a monstrosity utilizing the wrong metal selection
It would have been good to test it in an off-road situation to see how it performs as an off-road vehicle.  Seems really good for driving on highways and freeways.  Also interested in the braking distance.  When you give people vehicles that weight about 7,000 lbs and can go 0-60 in just over two and a half seconds, hopefully they can also stop pretty damn quick.  A lot of drivers can barely be trusted with slow compacts.
Nope
Also, it should at least have a heads up display.  Having to look down and to the side for speed, etc, is awkward and confusing.  Had model 3 and sold it for that reason.  I bought a CT5 Blackwing instead.
Tesla tech is amazing!  Cyber Truck is way too big, it won’t fit in my garage, and design/style is too primitive.  Kind of the drawing of a 1st grader.
8:10 Good point! Loud pipes are for psychopaths. Harley riders are disrespectful ego-trippers.
Ugly
BS Truck and Sandy is sucking Tesla (obviously he owns Tesla Stock so he could be hardly called neutral). Visibility seems to be aweful, usability due to the sideline is also aweful, cant throw anything in from the side! Also any pedestrian will be happy to be hit by that thing, cause theyll die instantly, NO PAIN!  Shame on Sandy for promoting garbage.
I reserved one but I guess would be aviliable 2025.
Ugliest 🙄 Design I’ve Ever Seen… I Don’t Know If Fly By Wire Steering Is Really Safe
I "HAD" A reservation on one back in Late  2021  /  early  /  2022 on Both the Lightning and the CyberTruck. Couldn't get Either, TESLA was nothing Short of IMPOSSIBLE To get a Hold of, and when I did   (One Time)  they  were "SNOBS"???  FORD on the Other Hand, Was just as bad nearly, but did eventually respond to E Mail's, (Eventually). So....  I cancelled BOTH reservations, and Ended up with an ICE F-150.  "O" Well...
Can you pop the door with the app too?
Yesterday I loaded my 2 dirt bikes into a trailer, hooked them up to my dual cab Ute and drove 450km (280miles) round trip to and from my riding spot.  Will the cyber truck do that without any problems? If not, it’s no good to me.
At 4:38 The frame it's like not attached to anything, it's moving when he tryed to plug the cover. Tha'ts Bad.
Back seat is dramatically smaller than F150
WOW for the intro!!!
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder but do not get it
The part when he got interrupted from the loud vehicle and went off about not having to listen to that sound anymore! I about died cause that’s EXACTLY something I would have said in that moment, imitating the loud sound and all 😅
How long is it?
Wowww! That door wobbled worse than a Nissan pickup.
4:39 - reminds me of my first car in former East Germany called Trabant. BOOM BOOOM BOOOOOM. 2 Cylinders/18 HP
What a pile of junk 😂
So, it's basically an SUV and not a truck?
Wheel covers broke tout de suite. Sharp-edged corners crumpling gonna be GRRR !  … but these wont be abused like other work horses, i suppose?
Well, for $70K+ truck that has actual driving range around 250 miles w/o load. I can't imagine the “loaded” mileage. Maybe 180 miles or 100 miles when hauling RV? I think it's made for racing on track and not for any practical use. Cold weather area cyber trucks can be beaten by golf carts in terms of driving range.. haha.
The angles are way too drastic. You talk about the drag efficiency but that’s like driving a filing cabinet. They won’t approve it because if you were to hit someone with it you’d kill them instantly. Did Elon design this with a ruler?
A steering wheel and a screen 😂😂
"UPOD".  Under promise, over deliver.   As far as range and cost, this is what Tesla totally failed at in this case.  High potential, but did not quite live up to the hype.   Hopefully, these aspects will improve over time.
Video rear mirror only turns on when turn indicator is activated is a problem. European driving schools teach to look in the mirror BEFORE activating the turn indikator. Since indicator should only activate as you turn
Great stuff..,Elon 💪🏾
Just love how when he bangs the panel back on after revealing the hepa filter, the scuttle panel is jumping around. Talk about poor build quality! And to think people actually buy these things 🤦‍♂️
This old boomer keeps starting sentances and not finishing them lol
Absolute rubbish and wouldn't have one for free, Tesla fan boys love them and guess they also love Apple products..
Cool!
My Black Stainless steel sinks get this mold on it all the time. No matter how often I clean it. It just takes a day. So, will this stainless steel body grow the same thing inside the panels that collect water or moisture?
I stopped using the rear view mirror a long time ago,  I don’t miss it with all the cameras on my Model Y
nice. thanks brother.
Its toooo heavy to be an off road vehicle.
More visibility than a minivan????!!......i don't think so!.......at least in a mini van you can see behind you.
screens in cars, especially that big and distracting should be illegal. The only display a car should have, must be placed in front of the driver, not on a side. A car is not entertainment, it is a multi-ton fast moving hazard
Cybertruck is a big loss for pedestrians and other road users. Solid front with no crumble zones or impact absorbing bumpers. Death trap.
80k for a 4 wheel drive. A bit pricey
What a useless piece of over priced junk. Oh it will get you were your going fast, if not to far away, and not carrying more than a dog kennel. "Dog optional"
8:42 what does that mean? F150 lighting is better than cyber truck?
I don't understand how a company that has set the standard on so many issues through its radicalism can get caught up in such an outlandish product, and that the very esteemed Sandy Munro doesn't say a word about it: yes, it looks cool, but it must not be an end in itself or serve only the ego behind the steering wheel. And it does, because it has no regard for the welfare of anyone else around the vehicle: all other road users like you and me. And it is for this good reason that it is - quite rightly - not legal in many regions of the world. I would have liked all that engineering to have gone into a more sensible product, as was the case with the other cars.
it looks so ridiculous
Disposable truck. Will cost more to fix than replacing it.  All cars are going to this.   If you want it to last. Rip out all the electronics and put in a Cummings!
I think most of the reviews I saw, including this one, were paid.
Place for guns 4:00 LOL typical US thinking :P
tesla is definitely trying to be too cool, too slick, at the expense of some basic functionality and features. not my cup of tea
This car is so ugly! why you americans want to drive this one on the road?
- [01:07] 🚗 Initial Impressions of Cybertruck Interior    - Initial impressions of the Cybertruck's interior and handling.   - Not ready for Prime Time vehicle, but enough features for a test drive:     - Unique interior setup: Rearview mirror replaced by a camera.     - Handling and maneuverability on par, though adjustment needed for tight turning radius.     - Unprecedented visibility, minimal blind spots, especially in forward and sideways views.  - [03:22] 🧳 Cybertruck Features: Frunk, Air Filtration, Storage    - Exploring Cybertruck features and storage compartments.   - Frunk size comparisons with other vehicles like F-150, suitable for specific uses.     - Notable features: Convenient access to HEPA filter for improved air quality.     - Utility in storing items and using space creatively, like turning it into an ice chest.     - Commentary on windshield washer fluid and additional storage areas.  - [05:30] 🚪 Unique Design Elements: Door Handles, Interior Space    - Discussion on unique design elements and interior space of the Cybertruck.   - Emphasis on door handle design and aerodynamic benefits:     - Positive comments on door handle absence, enhancing aerodynamics.     - Observations on the clean and functional layout of the front and rear seats.     - Remarkable interior space, especially in the back seat, ample headroom.  - [07:09] 🔍 Evaluation of Panel Gaps and Consistency    - Assessment of panel gaps and consistency in the Cybertruck.   - Explaining the importance of gap consistency, especially in an off-road vehicle:     - Calibration of panel gaps for an off-road vehicle like the Cybertruck.     - Emphasizing the consistency and alignment of gaps across the vehicle.     - Positive remarks on the build quality and consistent gap measurements.  - [08:27] 🤔 Overall Impressions and Usage Scenario    - Final thoughts on the Cybertruck and its potential utility.   - Personal opinions on Cybertruck's target usage and competition:     - Favorable opinions on Cybertruck as an ideal vehicle for outdoor activities.     - Speculation on competitors and market positioning against other brands/models.     - Personal endorsement of Cybertruck for specific outdoor uses.
The ugliest thing I have ever seen!
You’re soooooo lucky to have one…. Great video!!!
@8:40 trust me, no one who's interested in an R1T is going to cross shop a Cybertruck.
Ugly.
При поездке на охоту главное не забыть дизельгенератор.
Let me sum it u....what a pole of garbage 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Part of me misses the "cut to the bone" Munro.  Watching people kiss babies is not my thing.  Niche toy...not a truck let's be candid.
Is it just me you couldn’t give me one these it’s flat ugly. No style whatsoever 😂
Pity the interior looks so plain.
+10000 for Sandy’s anti exhaust noise rant @8:14
Potrei avere una maglia di sandy
Latest nerdy boomer toy.
😍
"If I'm a hunter, this trunk is the place for the gun ..."
Can’t wait till my  3 Engine monster is delivered!!!
I'm just wondering what the cost of insurance would be.
😲 , absolute🗑 nghaaa 🛒🗑  nothin to see here.. , these channel didnt represent truth trucking anymore , nothin came frm real persons
It's great hearing the positive things about the truck.  I'm curious how to enter the giveaway if it's not already over.  Thanks for the ride.
Dude is lost af
''THIS IS GOOD FOR GUNS'' 😂
So disgusting. They could have made so much better car/truck
Holy moly!  Who did the editing on this video?   You totally cut out the opening of the rear storage.   You did not show us how much storage is in the rear.
Wow .What a Review!
I want one.
EV's suck there going the way of the dinosaur, most people I talk to don't want anything to do with them.!
I can't believe any reviews of this monstrosity. I believe all the reviewers have been bought. Why is it that when the F-150 Lightning came out they all focused on the negatives (mostly towing range). Have not seen one video yet where they talk about range and towing range on the Tesla. Admit it. You're not being completely honest.
Guy in the back is like dont care seen this mf all day errday last 5 years im over it😂😂😂
Good luck when it is on fire with the electrical system out and nobody can figure out how to get the door open to save you.
Munro and Associates on the trending page. Keep it going sandy
Happy to sacrifice 0.1% range for quicker and easier entry with good door handles.
Sure looks like it would have a coach door and it doesn't Bravo
That thing will never pass European safety tests. Those pointy edges on the front would smash a kid's head like a knife through a melon
Who's this 90 year old guy.
Shill!  The rear view mirror and how he casually just brushes that shows me this gus bias!
I love the innovation but I'm sorry. It's the ugliest vehicle I've ever seen
Only in the USA (and not in any other developed country): "This is a good place for g*uns".
can't wait to have one. So pumped
So promising yet, in my opinion, so ridiculous looking.
WOW, did someone drive Paris - Dakar rally before you? They could have cleaned it a bit ;)
Great to hear about visibility since this is my main issue with the MX. Almost hit a motorcycle in a roundabout just because the A-pillar was completely blocking it out.
Its hideous..
So are we just going to pretend the plastic panel between the frunk and the windshield didn’t bounce around, completely unattached when the plastic filter cover was being pounded back into place?
It costs too much
En español porfa 🙏
the wipers HAHAHAHHAAHHHAAAA
No comment from Mr. Munro about the exceedingly dangerous sharp corner to his right @ 4:09? What's going on here, have you to sold out like another youtuber so as not to lose favour aka benefits with Tesla? How about doing a comparison between the Tesla stainless steel and that used on URINALS, urinals have to be bent and shaped to. While you're at it wind back the clock 40 YEARS and compare the DeLorean and its ss construction. DeLorean did easily in 1981 what Tesla is feignning to be oh so difficult. One youtuber has even suggested that the shape of the ct was influenced by the DeLorean. Next time you're out hunting/camping you may pee on your urinal.
Always love hearing Sandy’s impressions on these things.
The no noise issue? Every weekend we used to go hiking in the San Gabriel Mountains above Los Angeles , soon we'd hear the motorcycles roaring up and down the Angeles Crest Highway. We wished they were quieter, until one day I stepped out to cross the road and was almost run over by two very quiet BMW bikes.  Ah that's why noisy motorcycles wasn't a bad thing.  What Tesla should do is when driving in remote or rural areas, when it spots a human or animal or maybe just a high probability of either (Like a farm complex near the road) turn on a noise that sounds like a rapidly approaching motor. Cheat the Doppler effect affect just a bit as an alert.
It looks terrible!
It would be better to compare the Cybertruck against the 3/4 ton pickups like the F-250. Load and towing capacity are more than a 1/2 ton pickup has.
I really loved the recent video of Elon interviewing Sandy.
🤣👍👌👑🤙👊✌️🤣
I like the video just because of  8:26 .
It will hurt all lifestyle pickups initially. R1’s,maverick,ranger, Colorado,Tacoma,tundra, and Honda Hyundai’s joke pickups.
I agree with you on loud cars. When I hear one I think of the song; IAM WOMAN HEAR ME ROAR.😁
Reminds me of driving a refrigerator!
Horrible visibility.
One of the most exciting vehicule of the decade.
Wow is drives like a car when you put it in opperate mode WOW it steers and every thing.  When you push the brakes it slows down and Stops. It is really fast like a drag racer so double wow. the mirrors reflect images and it has a camera for safety .This truck is awesome it turns sharp and you can see stuff out of the windows . HAHAHAHA lololol wow it is a smaller truck that wont tow a load very fare even if it as fast a  racing car.
LOL is this guy milking his Cyber Truck or what? I have seen video after video of this guy and his Cyber Truck. Never even heard of him before this truck now he is everywhere and everyone seems to be thinking he is the second coming or something. Not hating on him or his truck but dude! Cumon, how many times will we get your "first impressions". I hope you enjoy your truck sir. It's a wonderful accomplishment by Tesla, i hope you get to drive it a bit more and stop making videos' with it. Unless of course it's just a prop to get you more exposure then don't worry, keep doing what you're doing lol. Spamming the web.
Never be allowed one in the UK because of the solid front meaning no crumple and thus considered dangerous.
This thing still looks like a total joke. So many things that need improved already!!!
ignores tailgate misalignment and claims fingers are calibrated
Gotta give the boomer credit for trying to stay relevant.
American fridge on 4 wheels
That thing is a nightmare.  What a POS!
8:12 lol, everytime I hear someone with modded exhaust just to make more noise... Lot of noise for not very much power is what I think.  I know it's a desiresble sound for the person using the vehicle, but with echos/20+ ft away it doesn't sound nice anymore.  P.S. semi trucks and busses are the worst and airbrakes.  Thanks for the giggle, Sandy!
Still the ugliest thing next to the Pontiac Aztek
Little kids may not be able to reach high enough to open a door.
I wonder how quick it will rust to piece's ?
Why is everyone calling it the Cyber Urinal?    Come to think of it it does look like a stainless steel urinal.
How much did Tesla pay for this? 😂
I have watched so many Cybertruck videos. So far no one seems to talk about real world range. Elon didn't talk about it in delivery event and no owners so far seem to talk about it. That is a biggest concern.  How good is a off-road vehicle if it can go far?
Are the wing mirrors and reverse-view cameras not heated so they don't fog up?
Thank you for sharing your opinion.  I agree with your comment on noise, however, don’t get too excited yet.  Somebody is going to come out with an electronic add-on for electric vehicles that will mimic loud mufflers and big gas engines.  Trust me, there will be a market for that in a few years time.
Bubbletail , is the pickup 🛻  And one day , in a far future humans gona remember this like the real First elettrica car , well is not the first but any one, builders , try to don t esagerate or get to the normal people the sensation Of a normal car, but in truth can t be , you have the motor part in front empty , the back is deep , soo the truth is that is not the form Of the elettric cars , is the electric motor inside a oil cars , soo this one … soo different push away all types … the elettric cars perfect form is bubble tail car and this one is near too … just the front ins t natural and you have a lot Of uneuseful space in the fron t soo maybe next one Of cyberpunk ops cybertruk 2.0 can be a bubbletail family cars type
Cyber truck is ugly at best, yea stainless is hard to work with, look up 1936 Ford stainless car, beautiful
I'd like to see the real world crash tests.
overpriced.
Can you please show us how to make ice-cream on the tailgate ?
Gonna need a wiper on that rear camera.....or some way to keep it clear....
Another Tesla fanboy review...what a boring world would be moving forward with Tesla pushing to dominate the automobile industry (and ugly, because I'm on the side of people that thinks the Cybertruck is awful)
That hepafilter cover is the nastiest looking piece of flimsy plastic, I imagin the clips snapping off one by one. Are all the van trim bits like this?
How does a camper or quad deck or snowmobile deck fit on the back when you are out hunting for the week?
I hate how much I want ones. I kind of object to the idea of EVs in general. But this one is just so cool
While the tech and performance is Impressive, the silly (and ugly) spartan interior (and god awfully ugly exterior) kill it for me.  Also, the full touch screen interface is just stupid  - and I have no interest in talking to may car to make it do things.  I'd much rather turn a knob or press a button (limited touchscreen/voice is OK).  Oh... and good luck with the fingerprints on any exterior panel you touch!
This is for post apocaliptic times.
Angry little man,
Lifestyle truck not a work truck❤❤❤
I do like that there's not a huge console in the space where the front passengers' knees are.
Take everything this patsie for Tesla says with a grain of salt.
Good luck here in Sweden: The trunk lid thingie will not open several months per year because of snow, ice and shit. And all kind of stuff will get trapped in the hidden chamber where it rolls up. And the door will not open because of snow, ice and shit. The rear camera will be blocked almost always during the winter.  Visibility: Well, that thick A pillar is really in your way. It is obvious.
at least his hearing works because his eyes are lying to him. And if musk has his way every one of these will have fart noise making option. clown rude hypocri
This Saturday night skit is hilarious. This is the frunk, you could put your guns in here. Good job trying to make an outhouse on wheels look good but epic fail.
Thank you
Would love to hear more about the use of ethernet for the bus and 48volts. do they actually use the bus for power too? POE?
Sandi, would you get Tesla’s black wrap for the truck or would you keep it as it is with the stainless steel??
Where’s the truck bit where you put all the stuff? Just looks like a kind of Judge Dredd type saloon.
Jesus Christ man😅
"i have no blind spots, at least not looking out the front window"😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Oh! it have the chest area in the  trunk like a honda ridgeline
A spare tire would sure be nice. Good luck if you have a blow out traveling, you won't easily find a replacement tire that size without a lot of downtime. 😮
I really don't get that car and why would ever want to buy it, unless they are die hard steampunk fans? Ok, it's a knock off from a car shown in the movie "Total Recall" but besides that it doesn't really offer anything.   The rear view mirror has to be a joke. U can't even guess what/who is behind you, even tho it was almost dry! (which might be ok in the US, but not in other parts of the world) The suspension doesn't allow tough offroading. The non existent aerodynamics reminds me of a DRAGqueen - turbulent air everywhere. The dimensions of the truck are pretty massive, but don't offer that much space. space for passenger in the front and back are similar to middle class roadcars. The bed in the back looks more or less useless. can't even fit a mountain bike (without the half of it sticking out). It's a regular SUV with the trunk of a small pickup truck... not sure if that's worth 100k
love the visibility. i was kinda confused when mkbhd complained about frontal visibility and not being able to see the nose. well i also cant see the nose of the vw caddy i drive so thats a non issue.
8:26 - I love Sandy's reaction and I agree 100%
Calling that stomach turning uglyness  a truck cyber or not ...is like calling a train a boat .but one thing is sure ...trains and boats are useful ...this retarded thing is useless despite of it having an ice chest cavity.
I will be very surprised if this vehicle is popular with hunters, campers, and off-roaders. The range and inability to carry spare fuel will be very limiting in off-road applications. EVs are not good for towing either.  This is going to be a poser vehicle. A show-off for the well-to-do.
latest news in the city...   a car parking garage collapsed due to the extremely heavy loading of electric vehicles, as parking garages were never engineered to handle the extreme weights yet the potential for explosive fires from electric vehicles
whoops another electric vehicle just blew up because of the lithium battery
Am stuck out in the middle of the desert and cannot find a charger
Methane or hydrogen power is a better choice
Ban all lithium batteries
Thanks Sandy !!!
All I can say is; that is not my truck.
That thing is not a truck, you cannot haul anything in it. It's nothing more than a glorified car with a big ugly trunk
Wonder how much will it cost to replace that expensive looking windscreen...? 🤔
Nobody will use it offroad ever
wow
Sandy......did you stop at the post office and the bank with it?
Where's the spare tire located?
Sandy opinion means more than most peoples!
Such a schil for Tesla
Those hub caps look so cheesy
With all that money, a screen in front of the wheel would have been appreciated and useful.
The 'big noise" out there, that you complain about... sounded like tyre noise from passenger vehicles that are simply way too big. Just sayin'.
How old is this video if he says it’s not fully functioning??
No blindspot with that massive A pillar. What a joke. He lost me. Fan boy.
Lol the base model is 60k and goes to 120k ya it's solving nothing
It's like a Ginsu knife on wheels... slice 'n' dice baby
Why would anyone want to buy this? Not trying to be rude to anyone wanting to, just would like to hear why.
Sounds like a Tesla cult commercial.
8 Cybertruck free giveaways ? WHAT?
100% a review bought and paid by Tesla
It seems that drivetrain whining noise can be noticed even on camera at high speed.
What an absolute design error this truck is. Can’t imagine. Camera instead of mirrors? Who is cleaning the lense every 60 seconds?
Perfect for a post apocalypse MadMax environment. Funny to hear about the drag from door handles when the car weights freaking 3 tons!  Giant, ugly and for narcissist people with inflated ego - but hey, everybody has different tastes and hobbies.
Are those plastic bin-lids on the wheels?
Ugliest truck I've ever seen, not trying to hate on it but I don't understand how people think it looks good, just my opinion and I'm not ready for electric in my life yet and probably never will be, hope people enjoy it that do decide to own one and don't see how jeep or other made for offroad brands are going to have trouble with this I don't think people that buy this truck will be offroading it that often or rock crawling it haha, think it's more of a "look what got" kind of vehicle, me personally I want to hear a well built motor sound whether it's gas or diesel but to each your own hope I'm proved wrong just wish it was better looking
This "truck" is a joke. The fact that you can't see out back when you deploy the truck bed cover is a huge fail especially for a truck. Classic example of form over function. Same goes with having no handles. That design, with those sharp edges is a severed finger accident waiting to happen.
It's called a truck but I saw nothing of the truck bed.
Has the Cybertruck been crash tested? Waht about the grade of steel used and whether it is appropriate for this type of vehicle and it's intended use? Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, and I think this truck is an ugly duckling.
Cybertruckin' down the road. Haulin' gear and a heavy load. Juiced up last night,  gone at daylight. Family is ready to see new sights. Plenty of room with some to spare. So much power, none can compare. A few hundred miles go by real quick. Back into the campsite nice and slick. Elon Musk once again made history. Innovative style and affordability. Driving is a pleasure unsurpassed. Never worry about the price of gas. People lined up to put money down. Now they'll charge up and cruise through town. Folks in the rust belt will keep that shine. The stainless body will last a lifetime.
The car is empty, as simple as a hammer or scissors
When he said "when everybody's electric".    No, not happening.
Haha Elon simps are the best.Cytruck is a coke heads fever dream..i weep for the future
What about putting it on a fifthwheeler?
This vehicle looks like it's home made styling wise.
The ground clearance looks very low for off road hunting ....
Bro, you are definitely shilling.
You need a battery that takes up payload and space in the bed to get anywhere close to advertised range. Tipping the scales over 8,000 lbs.
I like it, but are you going to go outback without a spare tyre? & If you go buy one, where do you store it where it doesn't take up precious space?
Immaculate video.
Great truck for zombie hunting in future.
I'm already seeing that keeping the Cybertruck clean is going to be a challenge.
4:38 Жабо под лобовым стеклом болтается... не закрепленно???
A useless vehicle. Moreover, design wise it's just a piece of scrap. The only good thing is the 48V technology. Conclusion: Cyblablatrash
I love how Sandy just casually take things apart and put back.
The one negative I see is on opening the door your hand rests on the extended rubber window seal which will soon detach from door.
The 1 huge windshield wiper actually works pretty well. They just need to improve the rear view camera, unless it already has a spray function.
Oversize, ugly, wasteful use of scarce resources. The manufacturing energy input will probably never be recouped over the life of the vehicle.
Throw a metal ball at the window test….
It would be cool if they make a stocked EV car that looked like model 3 had a regular roof top no glass and regular dashboard normal small infotainment with switches for air conditioning to make it easier to navigate and easy to customize that cost 2500 to buy
Why is he not operating the wipers when it is raining on the windscreen ? I assume that he cannot find the sub menu
Tesla has put a hood over sheeps who believe the drag coefficient of this vehicle is great - it is not. The drag coefficient of this vehicle should only be compared to that of a closed bed pickup, where the closed bed section is of the same height as the front cab. Then the cybertruck would lose as the slope of its bed portion is too sharply downwards, thus creating turbulence, which leads to bad aerodynamics.   The angular nature of the body panels would also never give it good aerodynamics. The bad  aerodynamics also explains why the rear view camera was dirty - dirt gets swirled up by the turbulent air behind the truck.   Next, those who think the stainless steel panels would be great as they would be hard to dent, forgets that if they are dented, it would be very difficult and expensive to get them repaired - they need to be entirely replaced. Also, the stainless steel would not be painted over because that's how you'd use stainless steel, and they will never be as smooth as that of the body panels of regular cars. This means dirt will stick to the panels and they will always look dirty - just see the videos of the dirty Cybertrucks.  Finally, the reviewer said there's no height issue in the back. What did he expect? This is a pickup truck, obviously, there would not be a problem!   You are welcome, America!
I wonder how those steering motors hold up to water crossing's and mud
Love that side mirrors being replaced by cameras!
When he is driving, is he watching the traffic or watching the television ? And saying that ALL the panel gaps are equally lousy and thus acceptable is really treating consumers like mugs.
Hopefully kids  respiratory problems will be a thing of the past, even die hard ice fans have to agree thats a good thing
No blind spots, at least looking forward. Sandy is so full of BS
CT will be huge within this decade. Tesla just have to make sure that lots and lots of these don't end up with the terrorists and militants throughout middle east and large part of africa or South america, unlike the Toyotas....yeah that's what keep the Toyota at number 1 and that's why they are so hellbent against EVs, they have an existing ICE base amongst the most violent of people on earth.
It's not as promised. No 6 seater, no 500 miles range, no ramp in the rear hatch, no spare tire, no side view cams instead of those mirrors. If u need to pull a trailer with this, you will have absolutely no rear view. The rear view cam will be obstructed by the trailer and the same goes for the stupendously small side view mirrors, which you can't extend. And the bed is restricted by the tonneau cover if you need to haul taller stuff. Gets even worse if u go for the range extender. That is a 16 grand proposition which takes up half the bed space.  I'd say as a truck this is a dud. And to top it all off, it's way more expensive than promised.
My 2023 Y was $10k cheaper, it's AWD instead of RWD, is faster to 60 and is also not a truck.. hard pass
brilliant comment made on the noise when he had to pause for the noise coming in from the street. fantastic natural presenter
Super tare🎉🎉🎉
Too many adds almost immediately, not good enough.
He says no blind spots. What about those massive A pillars.
That is one hell of an ugly car.
🌟Don't hold your breath for everything being electric dude, as it will NEVER happen 🤣😂😅
Great job people at Munro and associates!
Vaporware? 🤔😁
About as air co-efficient as a Brick!!!
3:30 still no wiper action. Tesla needs to get better at this.
why would it be 100% EV....i got nothing against EV's but there's no way everyone is gonna be driving EV
super down to earth review that gives a great look, in an understandable way of the CT. other reviewers are so commercial that it's almost are producing a movie for the YouTube algorithms, so it's not quite understandable or consumable. but you get down to the point and show in a way that has been unseen
Agreed I used to love the noise….bought newer and newer vehicles and the came with more HP and Torque….and we’re also always quieter. Now you have even more HP and Torque and you can almost say silence.
Dont care... its ugly
I just wish for the money they made the cars interior more interesting
4:39 cowl cover comes loose, very similar to my Model Y.
The ugliest car in the history of the world
"I have no blindspots, great visibility" Cameraman focusing on those ghastly double A pillars 😂 nicely done mr. cameraman
tech,fails. ALWAYS. I do not like cameras for rear view. You cannot beat a simple mirror. plus electric door handles? what happens when you have a flat battery, or for when it goes up in flames on the hwy?
Really nice video!
Just another musk dick sucker. It's disgusting how you go on... Made me vomit.
Its not a vehicle we need but I love the design and everything about it 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
This is awesome! Thanks for  your insights, Sandy!
Elon Musk is a genius. Paying cents on the dollar for that bankrupt stainless steel Men's room urinal company to stamp out his trucks toilet parts will make him a trillionaire. Kudos Elon.
"A good place for guns".  Only in America.
Sandy is boss just like how he's driving 83MPH on Texas highways
Would you mind to enunciate?
Well, I don’t have guns to put in the frunk. Only a six pack
Elon gave Sandy cyber truck for review because he's a Tesla fanboy.
Rear camera SHOULD have a sprinkler like the front one and all SEXY models rear cams should have it.
"Good place for gun"  🤣🤣🤣-   only in America. Impossible to hear in European reviews
I didn't understand the Rivian hit at the end. Why is this a problem for rivian? Isn't it basically functionality equivalent?
Hunting and boating with 150 miles battery range? Nice joke. Toy for rich kids.
You Sir are a first class idiot if you really think that internal combustion engines are going to disappear anytime soon. Get used to that noise that you don't like, it's going to be around long after you've passed on to the afterlife.
I live in the pacific NW, so this is what my Cybertruck will look like.
Colorado hailstorms???
nice review.. and I know there will be more to come.. thank you
Finally there is a car for the bishops of the Tesla sect
The steer by wire should be in every Tesla from ne t facelift onwards. Sadly, will take much longer until Model Y/3 will have that. Once it had it, I would like to see the CT steering wheel also in the 3.
Actually that opening shot gave me a question, what happens to the mud that was on the bed cover when it rolls back in? Will water/mud on it cause issues?
Wonder how much the doors handles will cost when they break every 6 months like my Model S…$400?
just a sum parts… that well plug will be a lost article… zero sum game for some ideas man eeer… drill a drain plug chain… is a compromise..   string along with me I’m on my way to the ✨
Did this old fart actually brought up lack of door handles on a fucking brick as an actual difference maker in mileage?  😂😂😂
Let us see a very thorough view of this vehicle's bed and back wall of cab, tailgate down, all relating measurements as well.
He should have made it a hybrid... and I personally hate how it looks.  There are a lot of safety issues, like the lack of crumple zones, not enough padding on the interior, sharp edges and thick steel body.  You hit a pedestrian or motor cycle, even at 5-10mph you are probably going to kill them.  With electric doors if you get in an accident and loose power you can not open the doors and with the tougher windows and doors it will be very difficult for fire-rescue to get into the vehicle.  This is VERY critical as an accident could damage the battery and it catches fire you need to get out FAST.  I also think the A pillars are too thick and it would have horrible visibility, like when you come to a 4-way stop.  You have to lean forward to look around the pillars to see if cars are there (I have had problems with this on other cars).
What can it haul?
I still don't see it. What is is about the design that people like? 🤔
to judge a person is getting 'old' or not is based on whether he/she can still keep accepting/'earning new things, not the age. Sandy is so young in this definition. Some people however, are so 'old' even at much younger age
Back to the 80s.
all we need to do is test out putting a giant gas / diesel generator in the bed.. unlimited range lol.
So now the hunters are gonna save the planet ❓🤔
When i get mine Im never gonna clean it. Looks cooler dirty.
You will still hear EV noise. Tires are noisier than the engines
As much as I like this thing it has one deal breaker for me. Where I live in charger desert it would be a garden ornament. Yes in ten years when the infrastructure is there possibly. Also what's the point of all that speed and power when you can't use it?
lol. This will never be a Jeep Wrangler
How pathetic is it when you cant get a production unit to test at this point
Coolest trucknever
It's so ugly.
The muddling masses are so easily entertained ❤
Disappointed I'm the range. Wish it was better without an add on battery taking up space in the bed.
I consider loud exhaust the sound of freedom
The hoops this guy jumps through to defend elons atrocious build quality with panel gaps
That thing looks fucking repulsive.
Good lord he thinks we will get rid of gas powered cars! Charging a car for 45min to get 10 more miles is NOT going to work. Kids can't afford a car at all on min wage. How in the world are poor people going to afford an expensive toy made for the rich? Even the rich are cheap people already getting rid of their EV's for the extra expenses and poor driving range they refuse to pay for.
that front A pillar cut out is not helping and that part can easily hide a grown up pedestrian in certain situations....i had a similar issues with vehicles with such  low slopes that have great aero dynamics but the sharp angle creates this blind triangle where if you turn at the same speed a pedestrian walks it can really "Jump" on you out of no where with very little time to react. Especially if the driver is unfamiliar with such designs.....
Love the truck minus the rear view mirror. That screen is too busy to tack on the mirror too. Add a digital rear view.
Is it as ugly in the the flesh (metal) as it is in pictures?
Хорошо, когда пожилой мужчина не начинает рассказывать, как все раньше было лучше, а сейчас хуже.
Bravo if you are a world leader in your field, but if you'd welcome some feedback on your public speaking, I would recommend you train yourself out of the habit of using uhms and ahs when working out what you will say next. I couldn't get through the video because of them, and it's a shame because you seemed to have some interesting points to make.
The Cybertruck has plenty of room for your dead deer 🦌🦌🦌
The Pontiac Aztec is now the second ugliest vehicle ever made...
so nobody has the final model?
Has Sandy figured out how charge a car yet... remember him and the ID3 😂 😂 😂
Can it fit two 500 EXC dual sport bikes in the back?  Sandy mentioned dirt biking and that's the typical dirt biking load for my F-250.
Everything is perfect,  except that is ugly AF 😂
The thing is a death trap by all accounts, for both those inside and pedestrians.
A vehicle with no cargo space?  And they call it a "truck?"
Noise gone more people run over.........
Uh, Sandy, I know it might hard to grasp because it's something "the help does" but trucks are actually used to do work.
Niice!
I actually like the interior somewhat, but the exterior and overall usability is a compete turd.
Possible the lamest paid promo in the history of promos.
How is this vehicle road worthy without a rear view mirror / functional view of the back?  I'm sure it varies state by state, but in IL, you must have one......  Yikes.
Wishing you good health.  The car was widely publicized
Only, the tailgate is drooping 1/4” on the left side. Maybe his panel gap measuring device isn’t calibrated as well as he thinks.
Only pity is that Elon is too much American so we have to wait longer for our dream truck.
Oh, the tub has a drain plug with a cybertruck on it. Competitors doesn’t. The Honda Ridgeline doesn’t have a cybertruck on its drain plug. Musk is so fucking innovative, I don’t know where to begin.
“I almost have zero problems with visibilty” - camera turns around and shows zero of it - but lots of bird poop. Also, moments before this nugget he pointed out that the rear view camera was a complete blur due to spray and dirt.  What a tool.
This guy is fake he is paid off by Tesla..  A total advertisement.  I have lost all faith in there ratings
Wheel base same as Model X?    Can the Model X "shell" be glued on to the Cybertruck "sled"?   Hummmmmmmmmmm.....
Tech wise I like the truck.  But hate the huge single wiper, no dedicated spare tire location, the huge price increases and huge range decreases.  So unless those change I won't be getting one.  That big open area in front and below the center console reminds me of how the early Model S was.
What about Cruise control? I assume it comes with that, but I just wanted you to confirm that fact.
Looks like shit and very expensive to replace the basics. One screwed sensor and cracked lense and you are pretty screwed for money.
Sandy Munro casually gives away 8 Cybertrucks and mentions it in under 2 seconds at the end of the video. What a gigachad
First Time Detailing A TESLA CYBER TRUCK!!!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcVV1y2PiBI
First Time Detailing A TESLA CYBER TRUCK!!!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcVV1y2PiBI
First Time Detailing A TESLA CYBER TRUCK!!!!!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcVV1y2PiBI
7:10 Toyota what now?
"Hunting, fishing....." IMO, the Ram Charger is going to be better, although I do like the Cybertruck for typical urban drivers who want to own a truck.
It will be mine. Oh, yes. It will be mine. -Wayne Campbell
Who likes to pay $96,000 for this truck????
Over priced piece of crap.
How did “Weber Cooks” get into reviewing cars and talking to Elon Musk?
I like the hepa filter being accessible!
Cool vehicle but, I think it's aimed towards the urban consumer who thinks they want a truck but, never uses it as a truck (probably 80%  of truck owners). I'm curious if a contractor, farmer, fisherman or service type person would find this practical compared to traditional trucks. I'd love to see a video of the Cybertruck going down logging roads, hauling heavy equipment and being used as a truck.
Beauty in the eye of the beholder for this one for sure. Not my style but hey Sandy and other buyers, if its' what floats ya boat, I am happy for you. ;-)
The real test for contractors will be when you put a cargo trailer behind it. It better get a lot more range than the lightning or it will fail for contractors just like the ford.  GM understood this, critizise the stupid big battery in the silverado EV, the fact is, TFL Truck tested it with a big cargo trailer, at real highway speeds, and the damn thing delivered a LOT of miles, more than double the range of the lightning.  For work, i need around 150-180 miles of range per day, worst case scenario, in the harshest conditions, with my cargo trailer. So far, only the GM will be able to deliver this, if they finally market them... Everything else is great on the cybertruck, but every review i saw, and the delivery day, no on talks about range when working, and that tells me this will be its achile's heel.  And for those who'll thell me, a 15 minute stop of supercharging will cover missing range, yes, you are right, but try to go to a supercharger with a 20 feet trailer behind you.
Thanks for the overview. Still don't like it though. Would prefer if they mounted a small rear view display where the mirror would be than take up space on the main display.
That rearview mirror delete really is becoming a bigger deal for me than I thought it was going to be. In the winter and in the rain the rearview camera is and always has been useless, and being forced to use that to see behind you is a safety concern. Hoping there's still going to be an option to add a rearview mirror.
Will everybody be trading in their DeLorean's for this ? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I'm sure the Giveaway is limited to the US. This thing hasn't passed vehicle regulations anywhere else in the world. I mean Imagine, I'm in India and I get this. It would be great for their PR, but the regulations here would not allow me to drive it. Probably never.
"Everything you got is what's functionally necessary" motions to the like 14 inch ipad
because so much of the profits are in the higher spec trucks ... it doesn't take a lot of higher spec buyers switching to hurt bottom lines.  but agreed  the vast majority of f150 sales are safe from the cybertruck lol
I have a Rivian R1T, don’t hate the CT, but I absolutely would never get one, my Rivian has more space in the frunk, the gear tunnel, the space under the rear seats, and under the rear bed.  I went camping and STUFFED everything into that truck, I was so impressed, my friends couldn’t believe how much I fit into my truck.  It’s a game changer.
I own two Teslas and I reserved my CT on day 1 but, in live #Cybertruck with big wiper blade looks like a big (waste management) garbage pickup truck ! Sorry #Elon ! I will wait for #Roadster !
Such a bad review 😂
Imagine having separate storage space in the boot and they couldnt give you a spare tyre?
No handles...great....until they stop working...or the door is iced shut. I want to watch you load and unload something from the side of the bed. Special tires are needed to work with the rubber hubcaps. Proprietary alloy for *structural* panels...I bet that's going to be expensive to repair because my bet is you have to replace the entire panel. The list goes on and on. It's a TERRIBLE design for practicality. I don't mind EV's. I mind this design. It's a rolling computerized garbage can.
That thing is hideous!
Trunk lid doesn't libe up with body.  Windshield wiper covers only about 40%, leaving most the view out the front to be *blind*.  Body panels and whhrls attract and hold dirt badly-  thus thing looks like it went through mud bogs and it only was driving on the freeway.  Neat looking vehicle... as long as you don't try to use it.
Can’t believe Henry Ford got to drive Cyber truck
They still couldn't have something to clear the rear camera? Seems like they haven't changed that issue from other models.  I'm curious when they'll implement white seats.
Sandy got his drain plug 👏👍
All stainless steel exterior? Awesome, can’t wait to transfer all of my refrigerator magnets to this thing. Need more space on the fridge. 👍
For me The Cyber Truck is Something else.. something Breakthrough.. Something new in everything.. The Ultimate 4 wheels Vehicle.. I LOVE IT SO HARD.. I hope someday I can Owning this one.. 🤗🤗🤗 Best Regards from Indonesia.. 🇮🇩🇮🇩🇮🇩 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
love the quality shoot
wow what a shit truck. having to look at a stupid screen to look behind you and take eyes off of the road.
Sandy I desperately want your opinion on the frunk/ bonnet closure.  That forward facing fin of the 1/4 panel seems completely superfluous and dangerous to pedestrian impacts. What do you think of the solution of making the frunk a clamshell design? cutting a shut line from the A-Pillar down to the front of the wheel arch.
Should've been central driving, then it'll be a true 6 seater.
Sandy has become a shill for Elon.  “Big gaps are ok, because it’s an off-road vehicle”. Door popper motors and buttons are adding complexity/cost but no mention of that. Sellout Sandy!
How can you get one of the giveaways?
Sandy right up Elons ass 😂
why couldn't they put a screen with the rear camera feed where the rear view mirror would have been?
8:26 - that must be the real spirit of Munro, uncensored 😄
Makes a Stavic look gorgeous !
That vehicle.... is ... ugly.   Ugly inside.  Ugly outside.  My stainless steel fridge has much more style than this thing does.... No way.....No thank you.
I hate washing cars, I think if I owned one of these I would never wash it and it would be just fine. I like the way it looks covered in sht lol.
I would bet, Elon will pay less taxes than Sandy, in year 2023. By a couple billion.
No door handles is one of my main complaints with that sort of vehicle.  How do you open a door in a cold climate when the door freezes shut if you don't have something to get a firm grip on?
Uncle Sandy, please don't trade your decades of experience with some virtual future...
Sounds  good Sandy but I have had great visibility in all the cars I have owned, they all have had cabin air filters and drive great.
need more mileage
Great truck.  Unfortunaly it does not come to europe,  because of bad safety.
Not really expecting an independent POV , SM is definitely on the payroll of Teslas underground marketing machine
No US citizen has had an opportunity to write off 23 billion in losses (twitter) against profit gained from space X/ Tesla. This is the tax write off of all time over years …In the the US tax code. it is fucking brilliant, (a magnum Optus) in the tax code.
Removing door handles for extra miles is not worth imo
Elon carefully only allowed fanboys to get a Cybertruck for a delivery or a testing for a review. I would like to see a normal customer get one and do a complete unbiased review.
can you imgaine how much replacing that windshield wiper will be?  A standard size decent wiper is running $25 each these days.   That thing is going to be like $200.
ridiculous design, people will not buy it
No front and rear power ports??
At 7:43, that top corner looks like it would really hurt just bumping into it or reaching into the bed for something.
Tell me that "minivan" with the good view was a Chevy Lumina 🤣
This interview means absolutely nothing, if advertising does not reach past first adopters,,,,physics is a fact everything else is a choice . If the general public if the general public is not educated,,, whats the point…. Advertising, beyond the pale. Irony hates public ignorance. LED lights are 10 fold more efficient, yet some of the my most educated friends are running 60 watt incandescent bulbs. In their kitchens..a 10 fold electricity energy efficiency failure in education/advertising. Fuck twitter/x it’s too big an energy efficiency to quibble over. Let X fail, there are bigger fish to fry.  Let X go down in history as the biggest tax write off in the history of the IRS. That is going to pay dividends for years.
Intro & I am sure we are moving into dysthopia
Camping? I don’t remember there being any charging stations in the forest. If you’re towing a trailer, it will probably cut the range in half. I wonder how long it would take to charge off of a generator?
Is any Tesla ready for prime time? lol
I can't see how this design can possibly pass pedestrian safety rules. The sharp, pointy rear corners look especially lethal in the unfortunate event that someone should accidentally strike a pedestrian while backing up (aided by poor rearward visibility). Or what if someone were to accidentally impale themselves on one of the corners while carrying something bulky that partially obscures their vision? I see trouble ahead with this design ...
it's not a truck.. It's kinda a RC car..
Sandy, what happens if you get into an accident and the pyro fuse blows? How exactly are the EMTs going to open the driver's door without a handle so they can get you and your passengers out before the batteries possibly start to smolder?
That thing will never perform like a Jeep or Bronco off road
Sandy, if you can do anything, please communicate to Elon to include a front bumper camera on all Teslas if you watch out of spec Dave’s video on his wife’s small fender bender. This is enough to prove the point since they took out the sensors like many cars including the great ionic five we need to see all around the car, including the front that the camera in the rearview mirror cluster, cannot see.
I agree that it's a quite sufficient truck and more than adequate for typical around town use, even if you're a contractor or someone who runs around the city all day to job sites and so forth. Where it fell painfully short however, is in total range vs price, and I've yet to see anyone demonstrate what the range is when towing, but everyone seems to think it will be about 50%. So assuming you're willing to aim for 80% use of charge between charge stations, that's 340/2*.8 = 136 miles. I want to see the CyberTruck tow 11,000 lbs of trailer with 2000 lbs in the bed (including tongue weight of the trailer). If the "range extender" weighs about 700 lbs, then max bed payload would be 1800 lbs, and nearly half the bed is used up, so it would be hard to hit the payload capacity anyway in that case, so a reasonable test would be 1500 lbs payload including tongue weight + 10,000 lbs of trailer. Then the other issue is charging with a trailer on, because it's not just that you need a supercharger roughly every 130 miles, but you will likely need to drop the trailer in order to get the vehicle into those chargers each time, which would make a long trip a lot of work. Less so with the range extender, but even with that it works out to having to charge roughly every 190 miles 470/2*.8. I was really hoping I could sell my F350 and my Toyota FJ and replace it with this vehicle, but if I can't tow 250 miles, then I don't think it makes sense.
All that bird shit 😂
There was a reason why there’s a mirror on right and left sides as you supposed to look where you go. Having it in the centre screen it’s not a good idea. It’s just cheaper. Same as for indicator buttons on regular Teslas - good for 20 deg turns but not so much for anything more and coming in sequence but I drive in Europe and we do have a lot of turns not straight lines like in the 🇺🇸.
Sandy demonstrating the access to the HEPA filter and even on someone’s purchased truck at the after party makes me feel like he helped with the design of it’s placement in some way being so comfortable with it and demonstrating it multiple times. Just a hunch. I do always love your intuition for good design Sandy.
It would be cool to have some attachment points for light rig.
joke of a truck thats missing basics: rear view mirror, door handles, signal stalks, gear shifter lever, driving info in front of the driver, everything that makes a car a CAR.  Oh and yeah, pedestrian safety was I guess forgoten on drawing board. How is this car even legal to be sold
LOVE it, I just want one now! ❤
real bummer the built in ramp was removed. i understand why but if they kept it, that feature would make the cybertruck stand out even more than it already does. that feature is hyper useful.
I'm a little leery about not having a rear view mirror except for the rear camera for the precise reason that we see here.  Add to the fact that you only get the side mirror camera when you use a turn signal and...  I dunno, it just seems like a LOT more systems that can fail down the road.
It might work just fine, but it looks so bizarre. Not my cup of tea. That’s just my opinion.
why people care the gap lol, wait, they even care the silver color, wait they care tesla actually
Piece of crap no infrastructure no one wants to transport him. No one can fix them because they’re high-voltage can kill somebody if there’s a power outage you’re @$>~£ eV’s are for people who think they’re saving the Earth and they’re not doing crap. Tell that to the slaves in the Congo pulling out all that cobalt people and they’re just a toy
is it cool yes am sure it drives nice but i rather stick to my 80s ranger with manual shift ( to fix some tesla system parts costs as much as replacing the whole entire drive train in my old truck  5200 dollars and thats not replacing electric motors or batteries just some doohickey that interfaces with the instruments   in west TN our closest charger is a nissan dealership with 110v  and you need to drive 80 miles to get to anything that isnt AC  the cost needs to come down and the range needs to probable be 400 miles to have the masses adopt electric cars
Try a Promaster -- huge windshield and you can't even see the hood
Sandy is unfortunately losing his objectivity, being starstruck by Elon. He usually has some positives AND negatives. (Not "negative, BUT it doesn't matter because...")  Looking forward to an honest analysis, from Sandy or someone else.
The engineering is impressive, but that’s not the interior of a $100k vehicle. Or $60k. Cramming the rear camera view into the main screen saves cost, but comes across as clumsy IMO.
looks like specialized tires. probably very expensive
How can all those sharp edges be road legal?
Boy oh boy. That needing to hit the turn signal to turn on a rear view camera is nearly a deal breaker. A camera based rear view mirror in the traditional location just makes sooo much more sense.
How do we get into the giveaway??
I love how he starts tearing it down on the demo truck!!!!
Holy shit this thing is butt ugly! if this is what the future looks like I don't want to be part of it.
This space it's good for..... GUNS..!!!!😅😅😂😂😂 ... he's definitely from Texas.
I feel like he wasn't prepared.  He is usually really great.  He couldn't remember the Mach E or other vehicles to compare. He also normally test gaps no matter the vehicle class.
Do the rear seats fold up?
A $100K car with no rear mirror or a decent rear view camera! Ridiculous!
Don't be ridiculous, Sandy - door handles do not reduce MPG even by 0.1%!
Sandy, why didnt you ask elon about having a foldable backseat on the cybertruck to access the trunk and to maximize the sq footage of the flatbed..
Excellent presentation.
Law enforcement is going to have a lot of cybertrucks in their parking lots.
Sandy Shill He can drive his truck up on Elysium...😂😂😂😂What a loser who cares nothing about all of you....😂😂😂😂
This guy getting paid by Tesla
I love hearing from someone like Sandy with his background and expertise
I don't buy VW, nor Ford... for the same reason I'll never buy this fuggly truck.
I'm sorry Sandy, But that is by far the ugliest designed excuse for a truck.. are people just liking this because they are afraid to call it what it is. It IS THE UGLIEST THING I HAVE SEEN.
It sure is smaller than I thought.   This and the Honda ridgeline, Ford maverick, etc.  They should all have a different name than a "truck". It's not really a pickup.  In Australia they call them a UTE;  which is a terrible name IMO.. but We should definitely call them something else.   Some one was clever enough to name the "crossover" ---  and these non-trucks need a new name also.
"The turning radius is gonna really help in parking lots" Because of course that's where these things will be driven most of the time.
The dash really is a waste of space that could otherwise be used for storage. Maybe some way to put storage in eventually
Why no charging port up front, like a Rivian R1T? If you have an up-front charging port, then hauling a trailer on a road trip wouldn’t be such a horror story.  With the exception of 1 charging station in Tennessee with 4 pull-thru stalls  …. every charging station I’ve ever seen (in real life or photos, in North America), one has to detach the trailer AND park the trailer somewhere BEFORE being able to pull the EV into the charging stall  …. because the charging port is in the rear of the EV … and a hooked-up trailer blocks the charging port.
Is amazing
The other vehicle with the great visibility, the minivan? Was that the Canoo?
Keeping camera lenses clean is something that Tesla needs to address.
He was smart enough to NOT compare it to the F150 ! More people buy trucks that work in construction !- This ain't it !!!
I reserved one but honest a bit more expensive than I can afford. I probably would need more of an 7 sitter which cybertruck doesn't have.
Tesla seems to have done an amazing job on the build quality and panel gaps. The flat stainless steel panels are unforgiving in terms of showing up any misaligning.
This guy Sandy can suck it. This is no truck. It’s a Ridgeline/Avalanche on steroids. look how low to the ground the driver has to sit to drive this thing. It’s a joke how low he is to the ground.
People are going to steal those wheel caps... They need a locking mechanism
I have a cottage that is 185 miles away from my house in the city.  Over the years I have owned 6 pickup trucks.  I always purchase used ones that are 2 years old so that the first owner can work the bugs out.  Every one I have had a cap installed so as to carry articles up to the cottage dry and out of the weather and as most know there is always something going up to the cottage most every trip.  Plus I tow my boat and ATV’s and snowmobiles up and down a couple times a season for whatever reason being storage or maintenance.  This vehicle is useless for those cottage owners like myself because of that bed cover with the lack of side rails and the range that this truck is capable of.  If the traffic is backed up and the air cond is necessary I would definitely have range anxiety.  In the winter I could not even charge it at the cottage because of my 200ft driveway and 4 ft of snow and winter is important because I have snowmobiles to enjoy as well.  I just don’t get it as to why they can’t make the vehicle about 4 inches higher and basically double the size of the battery pack.  I mean don’t these producers of EV’s just get it???   They just don’t understand that what’s preventing everyone from scrambling to purchase an EV is the stupid range!   I think these designers are idiots!!   I certainly will not be purchasing one at all until I see 1000 miles of range period!!  Anyone that I have talked to, all talk about how useless the range on these EV’s is and that’s what is preventing them from their first purchase.  If they can ever get the range up to 1000 miles I might purchase a brand new one for once!!!  I will bet that there will not be many insurance companies willing to insure this truck either and if they do the cost will be much higher!!  No body shop except Tesla ones will be able to repair a fender accident either and at a cost of between 70 and 100 thousand U.S. dollars I wonder how many banks will loan that kind of money for that product unless Tesla wants to be the bank for every one sold.  Elon said himself that Tesla was digging it’s own grave with this truck!  I think he maybe correct about this one!  Sure it is definitely a nice toy to have!   But vehicles are the worst financial liability investment that you will ever make in your life!!  They depreciate 20% by driving them off the sales lot!!   Invest in anything else like maybe property or savings bonds!  Anything but vehicles!!!!       THE CHEAPEST CYBERTRUCK IS 70 thousand U.S. plus tax up to the most expensive at 100 thousand U.S. plus tax.  Not too many people have that cash hanging around so they are leasing the truck making it cost about 10 thousand more and it’s just a city vehicle not for any real distance!!  Don’t be infatuated because of the egotistical hype and waste your hard earned money!! Wait a few years and see what comes out on the market!!  The way technology is going we might all be very well surprised!!!!!
They should have made a dual hinge lift gate like the Honda Ridgeline for easier access to the bed storage compartment.
In Oregon, when driving through mountain passes, all vehicles are REQUIRED to have chains or traction tires. Traction tires are defined by studded snow tires. How in the world can this vehicle comply with these laws?
🤦‍♂️ I cancelled my pre-order back in 2022 🥴
Ugliest vehicle design of the century.
Everything about the cybertruck gimmicky.
More overpriced junk
"this is a good place for guns"  subbed.
Musk brought this out as a joke, but to his amazement all the clowns loved it, so he has built it for all the "Clowns" to drive around so they can say "Look at Me".
It is a shame we have confirmation at this point it won't compete with the Lightning. Ford is just better at knowing what people who do truck stuff need. The CT is cool, but I don't foresee myself buying one due to it's lackluster design.
Finally, someone that knows what they are talking about!
That huge piece of plastic in the frunk also says cybertruck, hard to miss.
Providing enough under bed storage space or enough space in the frunk for a spare tire should have been a priority.
A "Showponys" dream car.
Honda Ridgelines have had a bed truck drain since 2006…but what’s better with the Ridgeline is that the tailgate will swing out of the way so you can get to the trunk and not throw your back out.
Sandy, I really want to know what happens when (not if) someone closes a door with fingers in the way.  Will the non-forgiving steel doors sever the fingers?
Unbelievable truck sandy 🔥
The fit and finish looks spot on. The Cybertruck is Tesla’s chance to put to bed the companies reputation for sloppy fit and finish.
Having now absorbed the specs this is a game changer for the offroad fraternity be they light or heavy (towing) with the add on power pac. There are infinite possibilities for the use of rear cover from solar to spare wheels. If I had to choose one feature outside the drive train & 48v that appeals the most it would be power out/load for camping needs with no more auxiliary batteries with an alternator charge source. When we will see in Australia my guess 2026/27 at the earliest notwithstanding drive by wire makes right hand drive easy peasy.
EMBARASSING HIDIOUS LOOKING FAILURE.
Cybertruck is my present to myself after 31 years of teaching. Retired this year. I can't wait!  My goal is this is my first and last new vehicle.  I live on a farm too. So this truck will get worked and played hard ❤.   Thanks Sandy for excellent videos and amazing experienced opinions in our new electric car world.  ** Update on this post. I also just put in a 29 kilowatt solar system.  Mostly Solar-Powered Cybertruck here I come!
This guy is like a real life gnome mage with professions in engineering and mining
Many many congratulations. Taking this design in the car chart paper yearly and considering giving out to people. You will find those 8 people. Congratulations I hope gasti’s dasdey lan are not botheration from terrorists compounds green avenue market locationed.    Quite a insight everyday.
It looks like a DeLorean f*cked an El Camino
Ok, we have seen more than enough of these first impression videos . How bout some real world videos, like a video with towing mileage done.
Nice video Sandy. Would you be able to confirm if the cyber truck has an OBD two reader? I am a hotshot driver, and have considered this vehicle for our hotshot business.
They have chargers where you hunt?
no blindspots. i can even see all the birdcrap up top :D
Regarding the side-view mirrors, I was expecting a screen or something.   However, having a third-person view is amazing.
The only curve on the whole machine is the wheel/tire. Will rival the Aztec for looks in history books.
How much does this bloke get paid by Elon?
No blind spots? How about that A pillar?
6:00 does the window not go all the way down?
Congratulations on your acquisition you’re the best honest person on YouTube. Everyone should add you to their YouTube it’s one of the only true inspirations without someone paying you to sales  they products. We are honneur that you came from Canada.   Keep me informed on Cybertruck I am from Québéc and I dreamed about a Cybertruck…  If you want to test it on a hard winter like we got in Québec your welcome homes.   All my respect you Rock.    Friendly Ghislain  👍👍👍
Cybertruck looks futuristic
If contractors insist trucks are a necessity, how is it you rarely see them in the UK or Ireland? Do they not construct things there that require transporting building materials?
No door handles is not an advantage in terms of usability.
stop already……
I’ve always wanted a Tesla 😅 Can I please 🙏🏻 be one of the eight lucky people.
Why hasn't anyone asked how those covers will hold up the first time they scrape a curb? Why Tesla doesn't understand curb rash is beyond me, especially on a pickup. They'll get destroyed. I replaced my model y 21" rims with 18s and I feel so much more confident on the road. Their wheels and tires are the weakest link.
All the forest fires were having (at least where I'm living) a HEPA filter is a good idea.
We need to get rid of that sound oh no that loud sound, that sound hurts my ears because I’m an old fool! 👨🏻‍🦳🖕🏻😂
Thx, Sandy!
I would implement the rear mirror as monitor at its usual location instead of stealing screen space - naturally Mr. Frugal didn't want that - maybe an AfterMarket Idea
Amd wher edo you put the spare tyre or range extender.?
kind of a half hearted review
What about the wheels? Are those hubcaps?
Sandy is really polishing that turd very hard.  Going hunting in a cybertruck? LMAO😂😂
Sandy called the delivery event a GIVEAWAY. That's legally binding, right???
All Tesla sock investors talking up this turd 😅
I love no door handle I butt what do you do in the Midwest when your door is frozen shut and you need to yank on it?
Elon should have a baby with Munros family it would be baby Tesla anti-smog ❤
I agree on getting rid of straight piped subarus.  But noise in a Ferrari 812 is a feature!
And the insurance companies will avoid this like Fla.
Looks like an over-size toy. Ok for when your 6.
Really Good Look at the Truck
I wish all cars/vehicles would consider ease of routing maintenance in design and layout. Love that air filter location.
It would've been funny if Sandy turned the Cybertruck into a high-tech jigsaw puzzle and handed it back 😂 can't wait for the cybertruck teardown
4:22 - Where is the 48V battery??  Though I guess you won't be jumping anyone unless it would be another Cybertruck.
Hi Sandy, can you or one of your team, have a look at the brake system. Is it brake-by-wire? Do the brake calipers have hydraulic pistons?
Dont have to worry about your catalytic converter being stolen. Don't have to change your oil, brakes, head gaskets, timing belts, spark plugs, starter, ignition, alternator, radiator. Its a no brainer.
🤮🤮
Unattractive piece of overrated garbaage.
it is still very ugly...
Thanks for the tour Sandy!! Love the truck!!
How well can it transport 4x8 sheets of drywall or plywood?
Gaps. People have gotten to the point of complaining about panel gaps 😂  When there’s kids in salt mines stuck there forever 😂
Are you sure this is a truck? It’s more like a small SUV. And it’s ugly in and out I wouldn’t pay more than 45,000 to 50,000 for this thing. The Ford Ranger, and the Chevy Colorado is a truck. And they are considered midsize.
Other than not having to purchase - I can't see a single reason to buy this over any standard truck. The panel gaps/Off-road arguement is unacceptable - and I assume you guys were given a 'ringer' vehicle as it is.
7839 views and far more thumbs up ?  8520
wait , giveaway ? 8 cybertrucks giveaway????
@8:17 His sound effect 😂
If you’re wondering why it’s 8 lucky people, it’s because the first 2 went to Elon and then Franz.
Unless EVs become super cheap and ubiquitous as in China, it won't make a difference in reducing global warming.
Sandy - please talk about the undercarriage protect for the batteries - I own a model y and I think all of the undercarriage covers are plastic - for a truck and beastly as the Cyber, I assume the undercarriage protection would be the same ultra tough stainless steel as the body, right? I think you could do an entire episode just on that subject…
Corey just shot himself in the foot heading to Lucid   Sandy. Why don’t you just go work for Tesla and call it a day. You can help in the engineering department as the other autos won’t listen to you anyways. Go where you’re needed which is the greatest auto company to walk planet earth
>first two minutes >can't see shit through the rear view mirror Wow, who could have foreseen this?
So would that drain be a problem if driving through deep flood water?
This guy is a dope
"this is the perfect truck" oh come on!
Watch crash test videos before buying any vehicle. After watching a head on and Tbone test I wouldn’t buy or ride in this Cyber Truck.
the fact there is no rearview mirror and no spray to clean the rear camera is such a stupid design! I love Elon but he always cheaps out on basics! Its also got a higher drag coefficient then the Rivian too!
Ok I give 1 example I don’t like cybertruck. The trims it’s plastic right? It will come off due to excessive heat & cold. It will deformed easily like model x & Y.  S & 3 don’t have side black trims so it much more better & less cost no replacement trims. If I’ll see the actual cybertruck I will point out which is good & bad no bias
Ugliest vehicle design ever 👎😂
What is that awful noise.
@Munrolive  or other truck users / designers  Can ypu please comment on lack of grab handles on tesla vehicles and cybertruck in particular.   Grab handles are useful whem getting in-out and also when riding in rough terrain. what do passengers hold onto ?
If this bad boy is sitting in the driveway in the Texas heat for 4 hours will it burn my fingers off?
Order cancelled. What a junk car
Am I the only one that feels it *really* comes across as if Munro is shilling for Tesla and have lost objectivity?
Cutting edge
100K for that?  What a pile of shit!
Much better review. Than, you know, the other ones.
All the praise on this channel and they couldn’t give him a production car? They must have not had anything but hand builds, not a good start.
Ice Chest!!
Hummer and Rivian should be sitting worried at the moment imo.
So ugly , very very ugly
I've been waiting for Sandy to criticize the Cybertruck's lack of "suicide doors"!
Sandy talk about the underneath of the cybertruck. Like air suspension, sway bar, upper & lower arm & more front & Back. That’s the important. Don’t be bias. I know you can get Cybertruck right away without waiting in line. If I test that cybertruck it will last 3 years or less in 100k miles city drive only like my tesla cars S, X, 3 & Y all needs repairs front & back after 100k miles . Excluding battery replacement. You know how much cost each cars front & back replacement parts.
Nice!! :D
Come on man,,, stop over hyping this bullshit truck it's still a durcel battery with tires
If a pedestrian gets even touched by one of those sharp corners, they sue immediately for choosing a car with sharp corners like this
Nothing but excuses. This guy is a senile old Tesla fanboi.
感谢sandy老爷爷的分享
You can easily run over a kid or someone behind you with that poor visibility and non-working rear view mirror. For the price that vehicle is very basic and lacking
How is the glare on the windshield, given that it seems like a flat plane?
The poor functionality of the side mirrors and lack of a rearview mirror, as well as perhaps lack of door handles, are dealbreakers for me. Call me old-fashioned, but I want analog back-ups for critical systems which are digital in normal operations.
Loved your vid the other day with Elon! Question I have for you about the Cybertruck that I mentioned on X but haven't heard anything. Does the bed cover have the ability to be opened from inside the bed in case of emergency? I haven't seen this in any video so far and I would think it would be a requirement in the US.
Could you confirm you’re not being paid directly or indirectly by Tesla?
Is the future supposed to be ugly? The more I see it, the worse I feel about it. It doesn't look like a rocket, it doesn't look like a knife.  It kind of looks like a tram. Easy to clean for public service made of large sheets of steel.  Don't break your back accessing that storage.
I like the sound of a car and it’ll be with us for the rest of our life. I guarantee it…lol
How was the party.  Hope it was good.
I respect Sandi much more than Musk. Sandi doesn’t slander people. He’s a man.
F150 has a better frunk
Sandy is officially a Tesla fanboy. What would be a negative point in any other car is a great feature in a Tesla. Sandy, you disappointed me.
4:27 plastic part has tesla logo upside down
A 3.5 ton armour-plated, bulletproof truck, using precious mined metals is hardly saving the planet🙃
I would drive one of these, but I would not give up my diesel SuperDuty. Its the impossible dream to think that the whole world would rely on an EV, that will never happen unless they are free, and we know that will never happen.
8 people will get a cybertruck?!? Where do I sign up for this? 😮
Cyberdildo!
I would find some steps further ;-)  But until now I'm IN LOVE !!!!  Let's wait for the EU version.
Does it have a bed in back perhaps??  Isn't it a truck??
I would like to see/hear Mrs. Munro's review on this truck because I think she is less bias.
WELL FOLKS.... Looks like we're back to 2016 levels of mindless FUD ... at least temporarily... . Sigh
TRX vs Cyber truck hmmm
if that was any other vehicle manufacturer he wouldn't be impressed, Tesla pay checks do help.
When 'Exoskeliton' Sandy praises the visibility I stopped watching.  He said that right after complaining about not being able to see out the rear view mirror.  What a tool!
unsubscribe ... enjoy driving a phone around
Will it come with an actual rear view mirror / camera?  I ‘m not sold on just having a display in the screen.
Sandy should do hunting podcast
I agree with your assessment Sandy, cool video. Thanks for posting.
This guy literally came from the 1970s to present the cyber truck, absolutely classic.  I love it.
I like this old dude; he’s very thorough
Paying $100k to be a Guinea pig. I like the truck but I would hate to find out at 50k miles that the windshield does actually break and costs 3 times as much. The big wiper blade can't handle ice or the 48 volt components break down just as often as regular car components ie: window motors except now they cost $2000 a piece and they are only sold by tesla. Like owning a supercar at that point. At least a f-150 has cross over components to the rest of their fleet. Just my thoughts. No facts.
It's funny that nearly everyone says "it steers excellent for a giant land boat!"  ...but the CT is shorter than an F-150. 🤯 I reckon that perception is power...
@squidcaps4308 You REALLY have no idea, do you?
How do I get my name in for the drawing for one of these trucks
Be a pedestrian and see what it feels like getting hit by this over weight, sharp edges useless dumb stuff.
What’s the insurance average going to be?
Now you make excuses for poor fit and finish and make it an off road vehicle, man, you have real balls....it never stops shilling
What happened to the 6 seats? I thought there would be a bench in the front.
uuuuuuhhh, and ummmmm, aaaaaaaahhhhhh, ummmmmmmmm.  Engage brain, then talk
When will Tesla do the raffle for a free Cybertruck?
Not going to sell in Europe, don't meet pedestrian safety standards, sharp knife edges, look out, what a disaster
only problem i can see -  same as GM's box   you cannot slide a camper in it. GM has those stupid angled pieces built in from the roofline to the box with stops a camper from sliding in fully....and cyber Truck has a tall front angle that will inhibit a normal camper from sliding in.   HUGE LOSS for a solid % of truck buyers.
plastic wheel covers, this costs how much, what low end junk
That dust, mud and dirt all over those panels make the Cybertruck look like it going to a sci-fi movie set.
"The perfect truck for motorcycling"😂
I'd rather ride a bike than be seen in that car.
AWESOME!
wipers don't work do it?
Sandy, I love your knowledge and expertise, but can you stick to cars?  When you discuss politics on an engineering channel it is such a turn off.  Most consumers of electric vehicles are liberal, however, that is changing a bit as Elon has got more right wingers into EVs.  If you want to talk politics, why don't you sent up another channel?
and ummmmmm, aaaaaaahhhh, ummm, from ummmmm, aaaaahhhh, ummmmm, Stop it, learn how to talk, where where you born?
Yeaaa Sandy!  Get rid of the noise!!  That aspect of the process doesn't usually get mentioned but yesss!  No more adolescents with glasspacks.
Amen Sandy. Goodbye noise, goodbye fumes, goodbye fossil fuels (long term) and hello Cyber future!!!!
I wish I could afford this truck. I like the look of it, exterior and interior. Its minimalistic functionality over aesthetics appeals to me.
People are lined up to buy this thing.
Nice clean lines internally,  looks like a good view out the front window.
👍🇸🇪👍
ummmm, aaahhhh, ummmm
Pedestrian beware, with cutter sharp edges, and big blunt killer front end...stop the nonsense.  Shill much
What more do you want out of a truck it's not some piece plastic that it's a all metal.. Low end torque lockers can go bush wack
This thing looks so dumb
Love the channel. This is the real deal for car enthusiasts and engineers alike!
This is a Tesla commercial
Did somebody mentioned winning ? Wait a hot minute young man. Where’s the line to sign up ?
Let’s all be honest here, 285 miles to 80% charge unless you top it up is not much range. Everything seems fun and cool on the car but WTF is up with this lame range. If I can charge once every 500-600 miles that’s great but not twice!
Can’t afford one, sucks, really wanted one.
rear view mirror needs to be changed.
4:38   yiiikes. I'm sure someone will say... It's prepoduction... But that whole top panel bangs loose.
It's a cool truck for city folk, but it's lame for people who use trucks for rural/country life.  I want to be able to use duct tape and bailing wire to fix my truck, not have to have a Tesla approved mechanic using Tesla made parts fix my truck for me.  I'm a diy'er, that's why I have a truck.  Tons of parts available, and so easy a dummy like me can work on it.    I don't think Elon understands that.  It is a cool truck, and I think it'll sell well in the city, but in the real world "truck" using world.  Not so much.  Maybe I'm wrong.  Let's wait and see.  I'm a huge fan of electric because it is more simple than gas/diesel.  The only problem is, they're making it so that even though it's more simple, it's impossible to work on yourself.  That doesn't make sense for a consumer, but it does make a ton of sense of the manufacturer.    I'd love to see China come out with a simple electric car that is easy to work on, and easy/cheap to get parts for.  Similar to an old Jeep, or VW.  Being dependent on the "grid" for power, being dependent on Tesla mechanics, and being dependent on Tesla specialty parts, turns me off completely.
I saw another pod cast the other day where they stated the two MOST important items Consumers want in an electric vehicle are: 1) RANGE, ie how far the vehicle will go on a single charge and:  2) What is the CHARGING SPEED to get to an acceptable level in a (relatively) short amount of time. They said the Cybertruck Falls Short on both of these features. This needs to be verified to know if these items will specifically determine if customers will put off buying an EV until these capabilities have been improved.
It's a pity they removed the 6th seat in the front
Love Tesla,    Hate the Truck .... looks like a kids toy ... bummer
I think that vehicle is going to age really badly. Not a classic by any shot.
I’m curious about that wiper blade function at high speed in heavy rain….. And because of the 3 Tons I think in Europe you will be needing heavy truck driving licence, like the old Hummer, I’m guessing that rich fancy people don’t have truck driving licence 😉. And because they are showing that is bulletproof…….well……..I think this will be the next gangster car 😂
Is it the vehicle for going to the shops or picking the kids up  . Will not be sold in Europe due to safety
Best car in the world atm
Jeep won't have any issue with this taning sales.  Id say the hummer probably but theb again they will have to make some of these first
The gaps aren't bad at all. My 2023 Ford Ranger's gaps are neither small nor consistent LOL
I don't like that you can't put a golf bag in the frunk. Looks like only enough space for a rifle bag or a few groceries. That's kind of a let-down considering that massive dash.
I realized I was getting old when I started complaining about the Harleys going by.
Im sure those door handle touch sensors will be really reliable 😂😂😂
I wonder if Sandy owns Tesla stock…
What’s the measurement from interior door pane to interior door panel in the front?
Rhat inside looks  terrible
When I drive my MS I fantasize that it’s a cyber truck, I’m probably 2000001 on the waiting list 😢
A giveaway? They all paid for them at the Cybertruck Delivery Event. All pre-order higher ups from big companies to help Tesla Advertise the Cybertruck.
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻✌🏻
"Get off my noise decibels" Uncle Sandy
Was the Cybertruck suppose to have 6 seats? 3 in front and 3 in back? the proto was like that?!
What giveaway of 8 trucks?  How do I enter to win?
We are with you 150% Sandy!  My husband and I can not wait for our Cybertruck!  Do you think it’s good for long road trips?
Can anyone confirm whether the door openers are physical buttons or proximity sensors?
That is one ugly chunk of metal
Doesn't the rear cam have a shower head?
Incredible production quality. Awesome truck!
Wierd to see Sandy fanboying so much. Like Tesla can do no wrong..  Wonder how much stock he has.  The truck looks like a joke
At the end of the day......
Build quality will be total trash.
Thanks Sandy. I can't wait for the teardown!
Wow, did i even get to inhale and exhale once before the commercials started?
I love the cybertruck but they really need to address the rear view camera as far as contamination. I know we can’t always see out of the rear window on a regular car but the media will pounce on any weakness
How about the 1/2" drop from the side panel to the tail gate on the left rear, and the triangle gap between the front grill panel and the right side panel.  Did you see the video of the crooked alignments on the black wrapped CT at the show?  This does not look like a $100K vehicle.
cameras are not a replacement for glass.  just like capacitive and/or touchscreens are not a replacement for buttons. K.I.S.S.
For people looking for a climate controlled place to sleep.. the seat pedestals make the cab floor look quite flat.  Removing the passenger seat and rear seat behind could probably accommodate a single person over 6’ tall as the back seat area is only 5’10” wide.
Since pontac aztec i didn't such an ugly car... Long live v8 power
I had mentioned my concern regarding the rear camera on another review. I suspected this because my existing trucks rear camera is affected by bad weather as well.
Take it apart already
@8:00 andy, the FRUNK HEPA cover has the CYBERTRUCK lettering
People will learn that highly slopped windshields are not so desireable.  They make for a lot of glare and get dirty fast as well.
I’m a simple man. I see Munro and Cybertruck and I watch.
What a shitty car
I wonder if you can fit some golf clubs in the frunk.
The Cybertruck would be perfect to take on long trips and sleep in it, wow, now I just need to work harder to have the money for one !
Once people start crashing them we will see the impressions.
it looks like a landing craft explorer vehicle, from a bad low budget 1950's science fiction film.
Richard rider
Literally all the plastic pieces moved. https://youtu.be/aWQpEBtZEno?si=W24Mw6BA_1mXsWxh&t=279
munro is crook.
Absolutely none of these impressions matter until this vehicle is subjected to intense duty cycles performed by INDEPENDENT agencies who understand what fleet truck  durability and cost-of-ownership mean for business.   Musk seems confused of late and keeps describing this vehicle as a ‘car’.   Not surprised, as characterizing  it as a truck will subject it to immediate comparisons on metrics that matter to those who buy trucks.   Selective access to the vehicle by influencers  by Musk was calculated and cynical as they generally have no historical truck experience.  There is a reason you have not seen independent Class 8 experts assess the Tesla Semi and it has to do with SOMONE not wanting industry experts to validate Elon Musk’s off-the-cuff remarks.   The Semi does not beat rail AND we will soon see how this vehicle performs from a durability standpoint and cost to repair.  Mr. Munro lost his objectivity YEARS AGO and can’t be taken seriously
Sandy, one again your pure honesty shines bright! this was FAB .....CYBERTRUCKS ARE GO!
Lets get a real review of this thing including off road ability and compare it the Rivian and ICE truck rivals. I know some people like how it looks but I am not one of them. Also hate what Tesla is doing with the interior. Elon thinks we are already all AI and don't like luxurious materials and features. Would be a perfect designer for Starwars Empire. What a nerd.
Its TRASH. I have not watched the video. if he is paid crook , he will say its good.
Cybertruck looks awesome. Thanks for the first impressions. How does one enter the giveaway?
So now he hates gas powered vehicles ! To noisy for him..
ANYTIME SOMEBODY ENTERS A TESLA SHOWROOM TO LOOK AT ONE OF THESE CYBERTRUCKS. THEY SHOULD HAVE THE SONG BY THE RAMONES "LOBOTOMY" PLAYING.
8:13 😂
Yup not worth 100k
Just what the world needs is another resource devouring three tonne vehicle that looks like a range hood. Or urinal. Can't decide. Fail.
The rear tailgate is visually crooked on camera as Munro says the build quality is fine.. Im sorry.. WHAT?
Incrível
I love how the truck is FILTHY in all the videos I see.
You Americans... the first thing Sandy thought when he opened the frunk "yeah, this is a good place for guns!" 😂😂😂
Looks terrible. In a half done, Incomplete, lazy design kind of way.
Yes!!!!!  Looks awesomee!!!!!
Great Report! Thank you to Sandy Munro/Munro Live for sharing his first hand professional engineering opinion/observations, and Cybertruck details!
I couldn't believe he said the trunk was a good place to store guns! It wouldn't have surprised me if he then said "It's a great truck for our ever-so-popular mass shooters" What an incredibly stupid old man, very similar to your presidents recently.
“It’s a good place for guns”.    😂
looks like rubbish quality Rivian wins every category....
Tallest people?!?! Like 7 feet?
I suppose we will have to call Cyber Truck owners, CyberMen now.
ask elon to put the ramp back inside the tailgate and put an integrated vacuum cleaner on one of the side panels for easy cleaning of the inside
The best visibility? The rear view camera was a blur the entire video
It does rain in Texas, at least in a lot of the state. Austin gets about the same annual rainfall as Seattle - on average. This summer was pretty dry, but we do get rain.
Can you install a camper top or tow an RV?
Too expensive for avg people= poor sales. Once all the rich people have them and movie stars are posting how cool they think the look it will be done. Elons ego is really what we are looking at.   I will stick with my Ford Maverick hybrid and enjoy it and the low costs of ownership. If i need to haul stuff im good.
All these Cyber truck reviews on YouTube are just infomercials. Good luck trying to repair a stainless steel body panel.  There is no value here for typical pickup customers.  Same distraction screen that plagues all Teslas.  Sorry, but Munro has a conflict of interest on Teslas and he should declare it.
Does Sandy have a green bandage on his finger from slicing it open on one of the many sharp edges on the Cybertruck?
Don't know why but after watching this video I smell chlorine in the air. And I'm not a seaman.
on the Cap handle is a strange spot to put a marking like that but what about the plastic panel in the Frunk that Screams CYBERTRUCK, you just had your hands all over it, as I was thinking I'd want to plain one.
It is one of the worst looking vehicles I have ever seen. I would be embarrassed to drive it.
When the camera panned up to the roof glass, it looked like a flock of flying cows hit the cybertruck hard.  😂
I can, sort of, accept no 6th seat. accept no more tail ramp.  Accept  no more air pump to run airtools or fill your tires. It never had a midgate. Got it. I can almost accept the promised loss of towing, capacity and mileage. What i cannot accept is the 50-60% jack up in the price.   I feel lied to, cheated, disheartened.  Tesla/Elon, you lost a lot of faith.
It Has to be One of the ugliest pieces of junk next to the Ford Pinto
It’s hideous, IMO.  Sorry.  Looks like something out of an 8-bit video game.
Great stuff, thanks.  Syd Mead is smiling
Love it, that impression of the ICE car exhaust sound
This is the Hummer of EVs.  Too big, too much, and it's a love or hate view.  Very very heavy vehicle, very gaudy, super expensive.  Thought EVs where supposed to save the planet
Why didn't you use the wiper...especially when the rain had obscured your view. And the gaps..."pretty much the same". Sounds  like you are sold on this "look at me" vehicle...which is fine. Different strokes. That's what makes this country a good place to live.
The stainless steel panels of the Cybertruck is the greatest thing that ever happened to WD-40!
Sandy, really, great visibility?  The rearview camera was a fail in the rain, you said you couldn't see the side mirrors, and the massive A-pillar could block a semi.  I like the Cybertruck, but you didn't help to quell my visibility concerns.
Less fanboyish, more balanced, than I expected.
The back "smuggler" storage for me is a last minute addition after they decided to simplify the battery pack to one version and offer the extender if pr is bad.  I personally think this was a better decision than a huge pack of various sized packs.  4680 production is also limiting for Bother 6 months.
its so gorgeous... truly future today... i love the design, everything else looks ancient beside it.
Hold on when you put a turn signal on you can’t see what’s behind you anymore??
much of car noise is tire noise
murno driving 83mph!
Sandy, you say that you look forward to no longer hearing the noise of internal combustion traffic. What I look forward to the most is the absence of the nasty, greasy, oily patches in every single parking spot, of every single parking lot and garage.
This thing looks absolutely horrible.
Facts for Tesla Fan Boys:  Overpriced, over styled, over hyped, super high fees to own, super high insurance, super high depreciation. Enjoy!!
Thank  you so much  for video  mr munro congratulations Tesla  my family ❤ tongetha
A DeLorean has sex with a green house.
I feel these will be undrivable in a snow day. I can see the headlights being completely covered in a few minutes. (The headlights are in the bottom by the way)
I wonder if that HEPA filter will have the same stinky filter problems other teslas have.
I was about to build a "truck drawer" for it but it looks like they already have one made for the Cybertruck.
A hydrophobic coating on the rear camera lens would probably go a long way to keeping it free of water droplets, etc. Or as a temporary stop-gap you can probably rub some Rain-X on there.
I’ve never seen someone complain a truck had to tight of a turning radius before.
I wish tesla included oh shit handles. Shame they dont
When and where is the Give Away?
Some issues with the Cybertruck few talk about, it's long term economy of scale in it production, since it's a very peculiar design not sharing much components with other trucks. It could also be an issue for the costumer pretending to maintain it. Another issue is Galvanic corrosion even worse in this case, due to having big Aluminium casting pieces bolted on the Stainless steel panels.
Will someone please talk about the stereo, no one has mentioned it at all.
I really like that they’ve changed to a wide video feedback for the side cameras.
I too am looking forward to the no noise days.
Best american example: "If I am a hunter, I have space for my guns"... not a gym bag, golf bag, tennis, gitar... no, it has to be a gun
95% of these will be suburbs only.
Very showy/ flashy/futuristic but........if the battery is anything like a regular Tesla it lasts for 10 years and then you have to replace it for 15k or more. Being a truck I would think it would be more costly. The price would be ridiculous also. I would say this is a rich mans toy for the most part.
Please Tesla bump my reservation up by a million
Is it for collecting rubbish?
Sandy respectfully, what are you talking about, yes it will be a massive competitor to the F150, it's a superior truck in every measurable way...and once at scale, price too.
Impressive and revolutionary truck, that average truck owners as fleet managers are dumping their ICEs for ordering the Cybertruck...not. It's a niche truck for wealthy sub-urban people, as with the Rivian R1T. The CT fall short for all the hype it had about claimed specs, such as range, price and exoskeleton.
open the frunk again and hit your hand down on the front fender edges - feel good?  How tall is a 7 year old?  Slip in mud while hunting and gettin yer gun out?  How many lawsuits?  Definitely see a crossover to the hummer crowd.
I never even thought about gaps until I heard about them on one of your videos. I went out and checked my Ford Fiesta and the gaps were huge and very inconsistent... Still, they don't bother me. The one thing about the CT that I will pay attention to when mine comes ... is the gaps at the front corners... Sometimes when I am in the woods, I will brush against trees and I wonder if I will catch any limbs in the cracks which face the front.
that "rear view camera" looks like a bad design choice. the video is a bit jittery. Is that because the suspension isn't tuned properly and is still "work in progress"? cybertruck still ugly as turd, but I'm sure people will eat it up.
Man the idea that I can connect this truck to my battery bank and double the size is pretty awesome.
Great video, very informative and to the point. Please never ever mention another brand. I am here to hear and get your opinion about the Cybertruck, What Ford does not interest me.
Dont have collision or you're screwed
Cameras should all have self cleaning. Some kind of spray nozzle. Never going to get Full FSD without it.
And I respect your opinion Sir.
I think that air filter location will help IMMENSELY with that dirty foot stench that Model 3 and Y suffers from.
A technological marvel that solves absolutely nothing.  The Tesla 2 and the Bolt are what we need, not 8000 pound tech parade floats.
I will do a vinyl wrap of my Cyberbeast the day I get it.
Sandy... Idea. Towing. That Ladder bar mounting point next to the tonneau buttons. How about a bar with a spoiler to deflect and improve towing aero?
Welcome to Texas on the last day of hurricane season.
Munro, thanks for your videos. We want to see cybertruck OFF ROADING! NO ONE have a video in REAL ACTION, Why?
8:25 you'll never get rid of the noise. we have cars from over 100 years ago on the road, they'll be hear a long time.
The giveaway???
He didn't mention the weight of it, our off roading in NZ is steep slippery. This would be very scary on down hill if hasnt destroyed the track on the way up with wheel spin. It doesn't  appear to have much space in the back for tradies the bulk of the buyers. Not to  mention the charging time if you can find a charger. Australia will have different issues. It looks cheap inside saving on conventional buttons. Interesting concept.
I want Sandy to launch a Drive With Sandy channel where he takes any and every car for a sensible review.
In Australia we have a derogatory word, we call it FUGLY am I the only person who thinks this.
Every single point Sandy has been making for years is realized in the Cybertruck. Casting. 48v. Simplicity of design. Battery electric.   Sandy's vision finally came to life. This guy's lifelong dream is in this video. 😅😅😅😅😅😅
Had to laugh when Munro said on an interview that farmers would be looking to replace their tractors with the CT. Oh, and repairs wouldn't be an issues, despite no bodyshops being tooled or trained in fixing that sort of chassis. I think too many Elon fans are getting high of his farts..
Not a fan of trucks. Waiting for Teslas Corolla sized hatchback. Now THAT Tesla is what Europe wanted.
want to see the Cybertruck in Germany - I love it 👍
BlackBerry vs iPhone moment. Remember the advertisement Acura legend 1980’s with steel marble for panel gaps.  Not sure what the big deal with everyone looking at panel gaps.  Take a look at other car.  I buy tech and dependability not panel gaps. Ford/GM/Dodge are highly dependent on their trucks vs Tesla more for mass cars, Y, 3, and soon 2.  Cybertruck not a huge part of Tesla.  Remember Tesla is an energy company.  Car batteries have made Grid batteries competitive.  Tesla msrp always pays for superchargers that it builds.  Tesla has diversified batteries vs competition.  Most vehicles LFP(lithium IRON) but also offers 18650, 2170, 4680 tabless DRY CELL.  Tesla also offers SOTA and FOTA WiFi updates.  USA needs more solar and storage batteries as USA energy will become expensive like other countries.  This truck has so many new techs, steer by wire, 48v low volt, 2 400v batteries to make 800v, thick stainless exoskeleton, competitive with other EVs with larger batteries.  More Tesla superchargers supplemented with solar and battery storage.  The past 4 years increased inflation that compounds every year.  High interest rates means companies with high debt paying more money to service past debt with less money for future innovation.  Similar to government overspending taking out more debt to pay for future debt
I wonder if law enforcement might show any interest in outfitting their fleets with a bulletproof vehicle.
8:24 golden! XD
It's more like a power wagon. Ford Ranchero, Chevy El Camino
Thanks Sandy
3:20 "This has got more visibility than any car I've ever..." Says this with a unwiped windscreen full of raindrops, no rearview mirror, instead a tiny camera blurred with water. Earlier in the video he said he can't see out the side mirror, and the side camera is currently hidden by the rear camera view. Oh, and it's geometrically impossible to see the front of the hood.
Driving in the pissing rain saying how much windshield washer they used, but no video of that monster joke of a wiper operating, plus the rear camera is useless. Lets see how those headlights work in blowing snow, again probably another major flaw.
I wish he didn't have to mention off road and hunting truck few times. It will expose unless you're off roading and hunting at your own backyard. Should stuck with simply a "truck". Couldn't wait few more years.
I like the rear wheel steering and of course there’s the Tesla performance. But for how different this looks there isn’t a lot of innovation as far as use of space goes. For example, the small frunk. I don’t see anything that other vehicles don’t have.  The range isn’t earth shattering.  The bed isn’t that much longer than a short box, Ford or Chevy.  I would buy a Rivian over this any day if I didn’t need the longer bed.
I'm republican so even though I know this is the future and seems cool as fuck, I'm just staying with gas guzzling trucks…. Yeehaaaa !
Checking panel gaps on a vehicle  allocated to media review is kind of silly.  It would be massaged into acceptability for sure. Let’s see how #1000 is 🤷🏻‍♂️
How to enter the giveaway?
Sandy, I am with you on getting rid of the noise. It's right up there with the emissions as far as I am concerned.
A strange car. Not my favorite.
Just placed an order for a Cybertruck Founders Edition after watching this video!
It would be unAmerican not to like this truck. Made in Texas!
You gonna off road that thing or what?
That hepa filter comes in handy in fighting forest fires. Off-road capabilities with protected interior cabin is a life saver
Uncle Sandy...the centenarian stuck in the horse and buggy era
Yuk
If the power goes out and a the car is on fire or you are rolling towards a lake and the power goes out, the steering wheel no longer works and the doors would lock you in right.
What about the giveaway that Sandy  mentioned? How do I participate in it?
Excellent video.  Glad to see him stop sucking up to Tech Dracula. Just the facts and no more of the Fox News brainworms "woke got me skeered n we gonna civil war for fun" that makes it look like he was educated by a low IQ gremlin.  Keep that up and it's time to retire because the rest of the world is sick of it.   Anyway, I agree - the stainless body, 4x4, and rear steering make it awesome for ranch, farm, and off road sports.  I won't buy until Tesla or somebody puts gauges above the steering wheel in line of sight.  Painful to see a truck without them.  It's a truck, not a fake car for people living in fantasy land where numbers don't matter.
cybertruck 4 life made by nerds for nerds🖖🤓❤
Another product from Tesla that slapped the auto industry clean in the face. Never underestimate Tesla and Elon Musk.
Sandy Murno is about to tear apart the CT. I wouldn't trust him with a car by himself.  LOL
No one reviews like Sandy! 😂
Hideous side/rear visibility.  Hideous front wiper and operation. Lines of a 5th graders ruler. Trying so hard though.....
'This is a big boat!' 😁
Such a biased review smh
Our EQS has rear wheel steering and it’s a game changer.
At first I hated the looks. Now it's grown on me and I actually ordered one. Going to take years.... ohwell.I'm sure they'll have the kinks worked out by then..lol
Uncle Sandy’s driving is absolutely classic 😂 Thank you
i bet every single person on the road that sees this will turn their heads :D
I am a Tesla fan and love the Cybertruck but I can’t help thinking that NHTSA and NHTSB are compiling a big list of complaints against the Cybertruck right now. No way to see out the back if the screen goes blank or the camera gets dirty. The windshield wiper doesn’t go all the way across so the blind spot near the passenger side A pillar will be huge in a snowstorm. Fingers will get smashed with that door opening- Ford has something similar but the door won’t close again if the handle has been pushed. I hope I’m wrong.
Visibility is amazing unless you want to see what's behind you.
Please tell me the rear mirror camera is in the inside at the top of the truck…..That the problem Tesla seem blind to the basics people need. If they think builders are going to use this are they delusional and I’m Tesla fan boy. Chunky buttons nah a touch screen that would get plaster, pain, oil, dirt you name it.  It’s a toy and trinket even if they are extremely capable truck.  But if it gives Tesla a boost financially to move on to the Model 2 and a few lessons then brilliant.
It's not a truck, it's an off road vehicle with a large trunk.  It's no where near the utility that a typical pick up truck has.
I hate it when vehicles have screens that are attached to the dash like a wall mount.  I'd much rather have the screen mounted into the dash.
I am not a "climate changer" moron...but I want one of these.
I would need an in home charging station for sure. I don't do well with range anxiety.
It's okay. Too bad it would take me about twelve years to pay it off.
Tesla makes great stuff. But, everyone going electric is about the stupidest fkng thing I ever heard. Try towinf anyting...you'll get 1/3 the range (maybe) Plus, wtf are we going to do with the 10,000,000 lithium ion batteries a year that get replaced in these vehicles? This whole electric thing is a pie in the sky bunch of $hit.
clearly biased
This is a truck and you never showed or elaborate on a truck bed. Your review could have been on a new Tesla sedan.
It’s awful. Hate it, but what do I know?
Looks like Sandy has sold out to the Musk cult .
Digital mirrors should be illegal, unless they have ways to clean the lenses or blow out any water.
Hideous looking, overkill in almost every way (not sure why we need a truck with an 11 second quarter mile).  I think they'll sell what they build, but i have doubts they build that many.    That rearview mirror camera i hope is not production.   Small battery means towing trips will have to be very short.
If I had a need for a truck (and the money), I'd buy one of these.  Amazing piece of tech.
The "shock of the new"  has been witnessed before in architecture, music, art and now car design.  It will be interesting to review the CT design some years from now.  I'm sure it will be much more appreciated and people will wonder what the fuss was all about.  It's just human nature.  The design will probably not feel dated for quite some time as automobile companies like to play the "planned obsolescence" game that makes your 5 year old car look passe. The simple clean forms of the interior are jarring to some people now as many OEMs like to clutter up a dash with tons of buttons and overly fussy details that are truly unnecessary in this modern age.  A bold and refreshing change of vehicle design philosophy that should age well.
Brill Munro, thanks very much. Your fan from Glasgow, Scotland. UK. As a professional freelance drone pilot, I'll be Looking to fly my drones off the rear of this truck. I ordered mine the week it was advertised.  Steve 😁👍🏾
These things are going to carpet Iceland🇮🇸
35 years a contractor and maintenance, gas, reliability are of the upmost importance!….I’ve owned virtually every truck out there and the cybertruck would be my choice without a doubt..not to mention no more smog checks…AND…I’d only have needed 1 truck…I’d of saved a fortune over the years…I’m now retired and I’m still getting one…
Amazing time to be alive
Thank you mr Munro❤
The funny thing is Elon will see the issue you had with the rear view in the rain, and will quickly fix it lol
I thought Sandy's first impression was much the same as the rest of us ... WTF, ok good joke, so lets see it ... ohh!
3:07 the Camera shaking like crazy.
The best video of 2023
Looks like in some situations it would be better to have the left/right cameras on than to use the rear camera
Makes me sorta wish I needed a truck. That thing is pretty interesting... even from Tesla.
Agree. Except for not being able to produce enough for 6-12 months and range, it meets/exceeds the others.  Labeling it ‘an off-roader’ is insulting.
I want this vehicle so bad but I coudn't wait and had to get the Model Y. I love my model y but the Cybertruck has my heart lol
'And this is where the guns go.........'  🤨
Well done for mentioning the hideous noise problem that some people with ICE cars force upon us with modified pipes. It is detrimental to our health.
Another grossly inefficient vehicle to get Walmart groceries. Go green lol
Why we need those side mirrors if we have cameras?
Can't wait for the noise to be gone. Loud car, little...
love your knowledge, Sandy.
The front window looks like a shuttle from star trek.
6:10 Bro talking about wind resistance on a fucking cybertruck LMAO🤣🤣
Who cares what a paid shill says?  Does he mention at all that Tesla isn't able to efficiently make the battery that is used in the Cybertruck? Of course not - that wouldn't be all praise - so a shill forgets all about that little problem and that Tesla can't even make 1000 Cybertrucks a month .. shill.
😂 did not have a gap here…
This will flop. Released at a bad time in the economy. It's just another expensive EV when EV's are progressing way too fast to plop down $100K - it will be a rich person's toy. What will EV's look like in 3 years? 5? 10? Auto companies are trending back towards gas for good reason - it's more cost effective and proven and right now with high interest rates and a recession looming, mass adoption being pushed by the Biden administration is only going to create more hardship on people. If a republican president wins you will see a reversal of the EPA regulations and a greater push for US oil exploration to slow the eventual $10 a gallon gas.
The Hangover, Cyber edition
A Truck Designed Truly for the Apocalypse ❤ And it comes in a time and half a timely fashion. ❤
Haha I wonder what this old crank got paid to say nice things about this pile of garbage on wheels.
Bunch of  idiots buying into this kind of garbage
What fluff ... dream this perfect that.  Should another employee do this stuff (and interviews).
Isn't not having door handles super risky for getting your fingers crushed/chopped off?
Great video! Time for car manufacturers to license Tesla's 48 Volt system. Didn't Ford once say it couldn't be done? Elon and his super engineers have created the first EV I'd love to have!
ITS ILLEGAL to drive a vehicle without a PHYSICAL MIRROR to view 200 feet directly behind you. Its not even a debate if the camera can work or not, ITS ILLEGAL.
Thank you !
Finally a good use for Tesla’s nice wide panel gaps and possibly on purpose to make the CyberTruck faster and easier to vinyl wrap especially around the edges.  Tesla should sell a lifetime vinyl wrap package for $20k, updatable every 3 years. Xcel vinyl wraps for example have infinite color/designs.  And if you get tired of wraps, they can be easily removed leaving the original cold rolled steel finish.  Sandy, would you consider doing a show on vinyl wraps ? A lot of people are unfamiliar with them and how they work, how they last, etc.?  Wraps may be popular with lifestyle buyers and non off roaders.  Creating new composites for vinyl wraps may be an interesting area for Tesla/SpaceX materials scientist to research and develop longer lasting, eco friendly wrap materials.
"If I'm a hunter, this is a good place for guns..." or anyone else for that matter.
There is that giant triangle thing where the rearview mirror is supposed to be, seems like a huge failure to not design something that could have held a monitor there.
wen teardown?
Biggest source of noise is the ROAD, not the engine. EVs are not any quieter than any modern ICE passenger car. That is bullshit and this guy not knowing it.. means that either he doesn't know, which makes him an amateur, or he knows it... and lies. What a POS.
It hurts my heart to see car reviews in a dirty car like that...
It’s a truck for sure! I love it! Definitely agree about the street noise! Can’t wait to get one!
There are dozen ways you can do flush doorhandles. What CT has it a system that has NO real gripping point and what we see in reality is that people touch the delicate surface and smudge it... since this stupid thing shows fingerprints extremely easily.
Looks terrible
Take it offroading hard at the sand dunes and tell us how it falls apart lol
Am I the only one who hates those LED strips ?
Yes I'm looking forward to NO NOISE. (And haters - please don't rant that EVs are too quiet at low speeds; they aren't and that comment is aging about as well as hydrogen cars.)
it would be cool to have a small screen to replace the rear view mirror in its place as most people can adapt to that better?
Will it blend?
Dirty-truck 🤪
Sandy can you expand on your comment that "it won't be a big competitor to the f150"?  Did you mean because you believe it is superior or because the f150 specs from a work truck and offroad 4x4 standpoint are better and a substantially lower MSRP?  Personally I think this is a much more interesting value prop against a model Y or other EV truck.
This Elon's joke to show EV idiots will swoon anything he puts infront of them!!!!!!! How do you take this seriously, are you an "EV idiot"?
I’d love to know about salt and the stainless. How will it hold up to corrosion?
Normally doesn't rain in Texas, but you know as I am here. - Nice flex.
I cancelled my order
No spare tire?
157th
Shame we may never see it in the UK! The rear view camera is poor; it should self clean like other cars. You really want a clear view on wet days! It’s a new benchmark for EV’s with 48v. Kudos to Tesla, just hope they nail build quality & consistency!
that thing is not an offroad vehicle
About the gaps.. You can't say anything about the build quality until they actually start mass manufacturing them in a full production line. A test unit like yours has been specifically chosen to be the perfect one.
Soooo ugly and soulless ... no shred of character. And prob as unreliable as the rest of the tesla's ...
'Handles like a dream' !  What a nonsense piece of propaganda by a paid Tesla shrill.
I disagree on the market share thing, I think the F150 is exactly the market. This thing is going to hit. The Rivian is a good truck that will continue to be able to sell just fine. And also the hummer just doesn’t even exist so it’s not worth mentioning.
Curious why people think this will not function as a true pickup truck? It has a 6ft bed, it can tow, has onboard power for tools no gas generator required on job site.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 A piece of junk with wheels very, very expensive. I’m not a heater, but let’s be honest… it is ugly.
"I can't believe the visibility in this vehicle" as the camera pans to giant pillars and a blurred out rear view lol.  I'm sure its still great though and they can add a spritzer or wiper for the rear cam.
Wait.... Sandy unquestionably loves something from Musk no matter how absurdly impracticable, ugly and expensive? Never saw that coming! Enjoy your Koolaid. Your fellow electric Jesus cult members are sure to eat this up.
Spare Tires Matter  Barely ever used, but when used can be a trip or even life saver. For an offroad possible vehicle it's a must. Having a way to carry one that does not impact storage space is key.
From the earlier episodes of tesla owners having to take over the steering wheel to avoid going straight on a turn or hit something I wonder how this drive by wire will work if you tried to avoid a accident
Did you take it offroad?
Would someone PLEASE lift up wiperzilla?  I want to know if it will stay up on its own, because scraping ice of the windshield with that thing along the side looks like a NIGHTMARE.
Disappointed in the range, You will not get what they are stating,  Initially Tesla stated 500miles, not even close. Cant wait to see someone pull trailer / boat or what ever down highway at 55MPH or more and see the range drop like a rock. I still like the original screens like the older Tesla Model S had.  Need to add screen in front of driver like the Model S.  . Cant wait to see people drive in real lift and see how it holds up and how far truck will really go.  .
The glass roof is dirty
8x Cybertruck giveaway?
🔥🔥
I am switching from Jeep Wrangler to Cybertruck. Moab will be one of the first places I go.
How can you say there are no blind spots when you have the pillar in front of you that is 8 inches wide?  Do I not know what a blind spot is?
Thank you Mr. Munro!
how is highway speed cabin noise compared to a mid range f150? which is quieter?
My impression is in my avatar.
🦾🦾👍
This guy has become an idiot/hack/schill.  All objectivity is gone.
That windshield was not made for snow weather
Saw the Cybertruck in person and last weekend. It’s amazing.
Beautiful bird poop on that roof.  Wish we saw footage in the lot of the big maneuvers.
Why would Rivian and Jeep be worried?  You have nothing showing this vehicle can truly off-road.
My first impression is it’s butt ugly.
48V Let‘s Gooooooo🎉
What makes this truck not good for work?
I would love to have this vehicle.  I am; however, disappointed that manufacturers are making these massive trucks when our roads are already clogged with over sized vehicles being driven by people who don't tow or haul heavy loads.  The majority of Americans who appreciate the utilitarian nature of the pickup truck but don't want a full size truck are very limited in choice.  You either get a tiny truck like the Maverick or are forced to get a behemoth like an F150 or a Cybertruck.    I would like to see manufacturers make smaller trucks.  The majority of these things are being driven by petite mom's who drive their kids to school and go mall crawling while their husbands drive the family sedan to and from work.  Pickup trucks have become show pieces.
How do I get lucky, just by comment?
CyberTruck is like ModelS in the lineup of Tesla Pickup Trucks. Will be just a few years to get a Model3 equivalent in mass production🤔 Also, very soon, we will be seeing the new stainless steel alloy, making up the exoskeleton of Optimus, stamped using special high rigidity metal forms, made with the gigapress🤞 ❤👍
I'd like to hear from a Tesla insider or Elon why originally announced features were removed and if they may be incorporated in the future:  solar tonneau cover, direct solar charging, integrated pneumatic air, integrated tailgate ramp, center front seat, bed access from the cabin, boat mode, etc.  What were some of the original ideas in leu of a windshield wiper and why didn't they work out?  Why was the original range estimate for top spec 500 miles and why wasn't that possible?  Did they expect a new battery technology with higher capacity to replace what they have now and what is the holdup?  Also, why are the approach and departure angles so different from the prototype - is it to accommodate additional batteries?
who do you think you are i am
Actually, uf you swr the air suspension to it's liwest setting, its similar to otger trucks for most of it's length.
No competition for the F-150 Lightning. You heard Sandy say it. It’s an off road toy. We all know air suspension is not the greatest for off road. It’s nice to raise up to get over something. But it severely reduces travel.
Don't want to come across as an "age-ist" but this guy comes across a little bit moronic
Evs are scam and old man like him provably knows.
I'm a fan of Tesla but the Cybertruck is a visual disgrace and missed opportunity. Tesla could've designed a practical pickup truck that is futuristic yet fits into the real world, much like the Model 3 achieved for sedans. Elon was clearly having a midlife crisis circa 2019 and it shows.
I cannot wait for the tear down!
Nice El Camino…
Great short overview. One question, why would the CT not be a direct competitor to the F150 if it meets and exceeds many of its specs and functionnalities (except for long distance towing when compared to the ICE F150) with a much lower cost of operation (vs the ICE F150)? Same question when some people state that it won't be popular as a work truck with no explanation to support their argument.
There now follows a paid advertisement for Tesla
Tesla pressurized the battery casing to orevent water entry 😊
*Tesla has no competition*
Making sci-fi a reality  Cybertruck deliveries begin today!  – More utility than a truck, faster than a sports car  11,000 lbs towing capacity, 2,500 lbs max payload.  Est. 340 miles of range. (Dual Motor)  0-60 in 2.6 seconds. (Tri Motor)  – Ultra-hard stainless steel exoskeleton & shatter-resistant Armor Glass  Fewer dents, less damage & long-term corrosion. Easy & simple repairs.  Armor Glass can resist the impact of a baseball at 70 mph or class IV hail & acoustic glass helps make the cabin insanely quiet.  – Steer-by-wire & rear steering  Gives you the handling of a sports car & a better turning radius than most sedans. Also, incredible stability & maneuverability for a full-size truck.  – 4-corner adaptive air suspension  Offers 12” of travel & 17” of clearance.  – Plenty of storage  6’x4’ bed that doesn’t need a liner & is big enough for 4’x8’ construction materials.  67 cu ft of lockable storage (additional 54 cu ft available with rear seats folded up), with a Vault cover that’s strong enough to walk on.  – Power everything  Integrated outlets: 120v cabin power, 120v & 240v bed power. If the grid goes down, Cybertruck can provide up to 11.5 kW of power directly to your home.  – Space & comfort like a living room  18.5” touchscreen in the front & 9.4” touchscreen in the back, both with all-new UI.  15 speakers with 2 dedicated subwoofers & distributed amplifiers create a studio quality sound stage—obviously goes to 11.
Lmao what about price bud? it's no longer a plus
Thanks for the walk through. Can't wait until you're able to treat one apart! ❤
Yes the rear camera in rain will get covered by mist. They are going to need something to either wipe or wash it off. Another Tesla design flaw.
Kind of reminds me of a M1A2 Tank.
You forgot to show us the wiper in use.
☝️🤡,, the CYBER-TOILET.. something only Rich Twats buy to validate themselves 😅
That Tesla Cyber Truck is awesome, but what about for towing and pulling a trailer?
How safe is it for pedestrians ?
It’s a very spartan truck worth $50k but definitely not $80k I immediately cancelled my reservation.
meh. the panels gaps look terrible, the door pinching opening thing is just impractical for winters, the cost is ridiculous - the whole thing is just stupid. ive had a look at it in person and its just weird. no spare tire and its a truck...wtf. angular bed and you kill most of it once you add a spare battery pack which you need for off road anyway. need to engage turn signals to see the left/right cameras instead of showing them all the time ? nuts. dirty rear cameras because they cant recess them inside far enough to protect them ? sharp edges to slice off body parts...whacky. cant do basic stuff like fill up from an add on generator pack when youre in the woods. cant tow significant distances with a trailer. and this is an outdoor hunting fishing truck ? riiight. sandy has gone all musk fanboii unfortunately. need to get back to practical reality. how are those plastic wheel covers doing to do in freezing mud ? not well. how expensive is it going to be to repair from a fender bender ? probably hellish with an irreparable foam filled battery pack with cell sizes you cant get from any other supplier. dont get me started about the stupid giant windscreen wiper you can only get from tesla which will probably run you $1000 to replace.... who needs a rear view of the truck with the bed cover down anyway. because in tesla california land we dont bother about looking behind us while driving.... oh yeah and giant pane of glass roof because no rocks ever get kicked up on california highways and this thing will never go off road anyway....
"Not ready for prime time." I wish Sandy would have said more about what he meant by that.
Tear it down! Tear it down! Tear it down!
Right off the bat the review mirror getting some hate and I know the front bumper camera has a washer but the back camera also needs one. And Sandy shitting on the super loud exhaust was funny :)
So where does the low voltage 48 volt come from? Is there a 48 volt battery somewhere in the truck and do you know where it's located?
Who the hell is rich auto?
I love the truck 1000% but.... my one complaint is that when accessing the bed trunk it's almost impossible to reach in there while standing. You have to lay on your belly and if anything heavy is in there good luck. The 1st gen Honda ridgeline executed this excellently with the tailgate that not only folds down but also swings like a door to easily lift items in and out of the bed trunk.
Drag coefficient of the original Porsche 928 was 0.38.  Cd of the Cybertruck... 0.334 😮🤣
“Only marking of the cybertruck” he says after literally pulling a giant panel emblazoned with “Cybertruck” 2 seconds ago
I’ve got a Cyberfever, and the only prescription is more Cybertruck.
should make the title - Sandy's First Impressions Driving the Tesla Cybertruck!  or whatever, would probably get more views im thinking if u make it clear u drive it :D
My dream car but with the one exception that is a deal breaker for me. Unless it will be offered with a steering wheel I will have to pass.
who spotted the dent at 07:40
Thanks for keeping people informed truthfully! You are miles ahead of main stream media and the Tesla short sellers and haters pushing a constant negative propaganda against Tesla! Thank you!
Sandy, I thought you were going to stop saying “at the end of the day”.  In other news, any chance you can get and release a copy of Tesla’s “How to Design a 48V Vehicle” document?   Us engineers would love to see how it all works.
First?   This is about the third time he’s given his first impressions. 😂😂
I really like Tesla.. BUT... :) I think they should have made the Model 2 before doing this!. Maybe next release is the Model 2?
Shown in its default state. Dirty! 👍
GREAT INTRO 🔥
no blind spots 3:37 - LOL
Did I hear Tesla mini-van anywhere?
too short
Anyone think this will ever make it to the UK 🇬🇧?  Sadly I doubt my order will ever be fulfilled
thank you very interesting.  M
Visibility...minus the huge A pillars on the sides of the windshield. And the huge pillars between the front and rear doors.  Have you ever driven a Forester? No mention of the missing spare? No mention of the gaps being inconsistant between each other and different between the same cars? Going hunting away from charging stations? Umm... It seems like Mr Munro has become a full Musk-eteer. Apparently you are not allowed to do reviews of Tesla anymore and be honest or you risk getting SLAPed.
A shorter version will be perfect
The trunk bay under the bed makes no sense because you can't reach it or see into it. :o(    Honda's execution is far better and Elon needs to learn from them... Shame on Elon... Mr. Smart Guy...
That view out the front, Wow!
What happened to the ramp in the tailgate and the pressurized air outlet from the air suspension?
Looks like you've been doing some off roading. Will you be posting a video of the CT off road?
How much money are you going to save on gas by not having door handles?
The IQ of advertisers on display. A video about Tesla's Cybertruck with a Ford ad and a Ford ad about a truck they are losing a S load of money on every one sold does not make sense. Tesla produces vehicles which are so good they don't need advertising hence the hatred for Tesla from the media.
guy's knee must be bruised from sucking on elon's c*ck so much....
Really missed opportunity to say Full Sandy Driving
Sandy! Great!!!
With the steer by wire is there a way to adjustment trim (to define the steering direction when the wheel is centered)?
I wish!
Great, now we’ll have Cyber trucks with signals going off so people can see what’s behind them? You’re trying too hard!
Yesss!
I have a similar issue with my Y. I had to get used to the 3 mirrors as well. Each are limited in view but the repeaters are far better. I'm disappointed in the rear cameras are always dirty. Even more so when they go to it being the primary method of seeing behind.
Watching from 🇮🇳.  🙏🏻 Sandy uncle come to India in winter ❄️.
I literally opened YouTube just before dinner, and this popped up. Gonna be a quick meal with only 9 minutes.
fantastic  review , seams like a great quality car with clean  lines ... i would love to  have this car !
People dont know a vehicle that will stand the test of time if it bite em in the ass
Only 9 mins 😭😭😭😭
OMG SANDYYYYYY!!!
"Wow, it's so inexpensive to make the entire car out of a monolithic casting!" -- Sandy  "What about accessibility and repairability for the end user?"  --no one, apparently
I loved the interview that you did with Musk!  :)  Such a lucky guy to spend that much time with someone who is really changing the world more than pretty much anyone else!
👍
I've never clicked on a video this fast!
One day soon I’ll have one of these when they come to Canada
So early that I haven't even heard Sandy rant about the lack of competition and the incompetence of dinosaur OEMs.
Thank you Tesla engineers for making a Modern bad ass truck 🎉🎉🎉
👍
First 😮
First 😮
Nice!
