she should sue the tailor and the cleaners for ruining the dress. you would think they would know what they were doing but they didnt.
People are starving, and you are crying over a 200.000 Dollar dress, get a grip
To be in hysterics over a dress...some women need to grow up.
Нашли дуру. Можно было заменить те части ткаеи,мкоторые испорчены, и все. Но ее уговорили новое платье купить 😂😂😂
They do not look like wedding dresses to me at all, more ballgowns.  Also  traditionally unlucky for groom to see bride in dress before wedding.
Anyone that cries that much about a dress…huge red flag!  Poor guy that is marrying her.
Idk why you think it was a good idea to take it to the dry cleaners anyway
why is the dress in a bag like that?
This bride & entourage have a very good attitude and disposition toward their situation of the damaged dress. If it was me, I'd be out of my mind with worry. I'm glad Joan was able to come to her rescue.
Awww, I wanted to see the first bride in her re-ordered dress.
The top of the original dress was beautiful, why didn’t they just replace the skirt portion? It even has a sharp waisted bead work seam. And all the underskirt should have been salvageable. Where’s Nina? She takes tops and bottoms of different dresses and stitches them together. That’s not a hard fabric to source. Well, she got a replacement, so that was good.
That’s actually really shitty of Kleinfeld for making her pay for the same dress at the same price twice when it wasn’t even the bride’s fault.
The lady who was unhappy with the alterations needs a therapist. Like yesterday. Get a grip.
Неплохо весьма
I’m super confused how they don’t have anything else like that in the store. It’s a pretty basic/classic design. Don’t they have thousands of dresses?
Get insurance when u buy your dress ladies buy your own insurance in case they don’t have any. Check if any one you do business with is insured first.
The first choice dress is simply stunning.
It's nice to hear a bride referring to the reception as "the party." I think the most successful receptions are those with a party vibe instead of a serial progression of photo ops.
The dry cleaner,should make it right
I'm not understanding what's wrong with it, wrinkles can be dealt with. What a fuss over nothing! Does her poor groom know he's marrying a five year old?
Did the cleaners pay for the destroyed dress?
My birthdayyy
As frustrating as this is, I would have took it as a sign that the wedding dress wasn’t the one, or that something out there was a better option.
Sue
She bought a dress in Kleinfeld? why she not fixed it there?
So sad…
Sweetheart neckline dress - 1st world problem.
At 3:20 that dress looked better than original dress on her, just my opinion😇
Even if the tailor was stupid the dry cleaners should have known better! Wedding dresses have to be specially cleaned and it’s not cheap! Sue them all!
Does anyone know the designer of the first bride?
In my country, the tailor alters the dress but gives it back to the owner. It is up to the owner to find her own dry cleaning shop.
Why didn’t they dry cleaner pay for the dress? The true dry cleaner would know not to put that in the washing machine. I think she’s the one that tried to wash it.
Judging by the second bride's reaction, she's too young and immature to be getting married.
1st bride: Does she say where she bought that dress? A good bridal salon will have their own seamstresses and they steam it for you after any alterations, there's no need to go to a tailor and then a dry cleaners. You can't just take a gown like that anywhere. The gown was beautiful. 2nd bride: red flag when the store waits until 6 weeks before the wedding to do your alterations when you've had the gown for 6 months. Especially when she knew she wanted significant alterations.  That's up to the bride to contact them and check.
I literally can't see the flaws and no one else will either on the big day.  Hold a huge bouquet of flowers and smile with joy. Everyone's dress, no matter how perfect it starts out, is already soiled (at least at the hem) by the time you arrive at the ceremony.  By the end of the night, it's going to be stained, have sweat, sunless tanner on the inside, and even some rips in the underskirt.  Just live and enjoy.  No one will notice the subtle flaw but you.  She also could have added some embellishment over any watermarks...
Sure they’ll “rescue you.” You’re going to pay them too.
why didnt the second bride just.....buy a dress with a sweetheart neckline??
Heather acts as though she has never had to cope with things not going as she plans. Big pearning curve becoming an adult... 😊
The wily one loses twice. She bought expensive dress in "fancy" shop, but wanted to save money on fixing it by local tailor. BTW dry cleaner is obligated to compensate the damage, but... to me it looks like the dress just needs steam ironing.
wondering if some sort of thin tulle or lace overlay could've been placed over the skirt portion to disguise the water damage/puckering and if that would've been cheaper than ordering the same dress again.
Dry Cleaners ARE INSURED! I'd bet $ that dress never seen a Dry Cleaner! For cleaning or pressing! The seamstress watched a utube video & thought sure i can do that & save a bundle!
I wasn’t especially fond of the first bride’s dress, but as soon as she was in it, I got it. It fit her really beautifully.
When a bride doesn’t sew per say it’s difficult for them to imagine the finished product❤
That’s so sad that they ruined her dress but I’m glad they found it again for her
i’m so glad the first bride was able to get the same dress again. it’s absolutely GORGEOUS. though, it’s disappointing that had she pay for it. i hope she got her money back from the tailor
The dry cleaner should be the one paying for the dress, or the tailor who sent it to the dry cleaner.
Why didn't she put it back on hanger even if ruined
It's hard for me to believe the people feel so entitled she does a boohoo like that over a neckline. The neckline is not a structural part of a dress and there are about a hundred ways that you can fix that. I can't imagine that the alterations specialist would have said we can't do this. And of course she could. If I had to cut a big piece out of the sample dress to get the same fabric that's what I would have done to build up the neckline and then gather it in the center.
I hope the tailor and cleaner who botched her dress paid for the new dress.
The first brides dress was stunning. I don't blame her for not being able to commit to a different dress.
Did the 1st bride really paid for the dress for the second time? I would sue the tailor to oblivion
The bride is also very much to blame. Why in hell did you took it to a random tailor when in the store you can get all the adjustments done???
The second bride was ridiculous. These girls need to get a grip on reality. I get it. It’s an important dress, but they need to realize they’re preparing for the rest of their lives. Not just one day.
Everyone saying sue sue sue. Guess what people? I’m sure all she had to do was find the new dress, as long as it is a similar price and I’m sure the dry cleaner submitted it to their insurance because it’s cheaper than going to court.
9:44 That was really well done of the alterations crew! I think it looks amazing! 👏🥳❤❤❤🇸🇪
Sue the tailor!!  This is terrible!
My dress got ruined in a flooded basement.  I used pinesol on gentle wash, and it saved my dress! I had nothing to lose trying it.
Sue for the cost of the dress.
Excuse me?! Why the hell isn't the tailor or whatever paying for it? They ruined it, right? What in the actual hell?! I know this was some time ago. I've seen the clip before, and it infuriates me that she even has to consider paying for the replacement herself. I hope she was reimbursed, or she sued them for the replacement cost, at least. After the wedding/ honeymoon, of course.
Her face when she put on the wreaked dress was so sad. Poor girl 😢
Call me crazy, but I see nothing wrong with the “destroyed dress”..😅 Idk if I’m missing what they’re seeing or what, but it looks fine to me
She didnt seem super grateful for them pulling out the stops to get the replacement!!
1st one...Am i crazy? I cant see anything wrong with it?!
I can't get over the shower towels sold as wedding dresses. Strapless dresses look soooo effin tacky. And as if the tailor ran out of fabric.
Why would you take the dress to a tailor for alterations, and unless the tailor did something to it, why would they send it to a dry cleaners?  If she bought it here, she could have had it altered here, and the store would be responsible for it.
I know one thing, if that happened to me, the tailor and dry cleaner would be paying for a new gown and it would be the most expensive one in the shop.
This story didn’t make sense. Why did she need the dress tailored/altered if she’d only purchased it a couple months ago. Didn’t Kleinfelds already alter it when originally purchased? If it needed further  alterations for whatever reason, why didn’t she just take it back to Kleinfelds?
these girls are so wound up by this process no wonder that any snag is experienced as catastrophe. i bought from kleinfeld's in 'mid '79 i must have been the easiest customer they ever had. told them what i wanted they pulled it off rack and i was good to go.  I was in the second year of mourning the love of my life so glitches about dresses were not exactly on my radar to be upset over. staff there is just wonderful
God may have tried to intervene because the original dress was BUTT UGLY. It was so dingy looking, cheap and shiny looking, and the cut did nothing for her figure, but hey, it's what she wanted, so I am glad she got it!
How do you even ruin a dress like that Either you know how to clean that type of dresses, so you shouldn't have ruined it, or you don't and you shouldn't have taken the job. So the dry cleaners either knew how to clean it but made a mistake, in which case they should reimburse the bride for the cost of the dress, or they didn't know how to clean it but tried anyway so they should reimburse the bride for the cost of the dress as well!
Who spoiled dress should pay😑 poor lady a lot of stress(
I see why she wanted the same one. I don’t like dresses for my taste but that sure is gorgeous wow
Hope she sued both places.
The orginal dress looks old Class and so Grandma 👵
Why would she need to dry clean a completely new, tailor made dress?
The tailor must have stained the dress, so brought it to a dry cleaner to fix, and then the dry cleaner stained the dress by washing it in water.
Should have used kleinfeld to get the alterations not an independent tailor
That first dress was absolutely gorgeous even ruined it was still beautiful, the bone white was gorgeous.
I hope the dry cleaners are buying her a new dress. That is crazy.
I am 100000% certain she sued everyone involved in destroying the dress
Can you imagine crying over a neckline?
I would for sure sue the tailor. What right did they have sending it to be cleaned?
This sucks! Her original dress was beautiful!
Dress looks great on her. Hope she sued the alterations and dry cleaners for the cost.
Kleinfelds can solve anything.  You just need $6,000-$10,000 dollars.
Second bride ordered the dress she knew what she ordered
I feel for her. My dress seamstress ruined my dress and didn't tell me. I found out when I came in for what was supposed to be my final fitting. I had to go to a random dress shop after work alone one day. It was horrible. Thank god my dress didn't hurt my relationship. 24 years and counting.
Genuinely cannot understand why anyone would pay that much money for a dress that you wear once.  In fact, why would anyone pay any amount of money for a dress that they would wear once? It's a celebration of the magic you share with your partner in a ceremony of bonding ... not a fashion show. 150 years ago women would get married in their Sunday best ... not some ludicrous gown "tradition" inspired by Queen Victoria.
Vorrei che i filmati fossero tradotti in italiano perché sarebbero più interessanti da seguire
I would have sued the dry cleaning place
I can’t see anything wrong with the dress 😂
Whoever ruined the dress should pay for a  new one!
IMAGINE THIS DETERMINED GIRL....IF SHE FOUND OUT HUSBAND IS CHEATING AND NEED TO GET DEVORCED.. ... THERE ENDZ HER LIFE
CAN'T YOU GUYS SEE SHE JUST WANT TO SHOW HER CLEAVAGE???? WHAT YOU NEED IS THIGHTEN THE DRESS FROM THE SIDE BY 1 INCH.. .MAYBE ADD A THIN PADDING AT SIDE BUST AND PUSH HER NIT SO PROSPEROUS BUST SO THERE IS ATLEAST A FOLD LINE AT THE CENTER
Why didn't the tailor or the dry cleaner replace the dress? Pay for it?
The original dress was so beautiful!
That second bride wasn't asking for much ... she was so sweet & deserves better
The second bride embodies one of my biggest worries about wedding dress shopping is what if I don’t like my dress during the first fitting, what if somebody goes wrong and I don’t like the solution, that kinda thing
sue, sue, sue
Nah, sue the tailor and run it through insurance
Neckline girl should be more concerned with getting a damn jawline 🙄 The ruffles were tacky, & the sweetheart neckline would’ve been even tackier. I can’t stand a bitchy bridezilla.
I worked for a drycleaner 2 days. That was enough. They had remodeled and expanded and needed an extra hand and I was let go for being overqualified because the front desk staff member, who had been there for 13 years, refused to train me when I would ask and was beyond rude. But what I remember is all of the stuff in the back that worked with the actual chemicals, no one spoke english, so there was already a huge language barrier, and they worked their asses off, but a customer picked up a shirt that they had to re-clean because they had damaged the silk with chemicals and when he saw that the shirt was even worse and he became upset and wanted to speak to the owner, (it was owned by a couple) he had already been emailing one owner, the other owner was right there and the coward acting like he was just another worker and wouldn't talk to the customer and would it help to resolve the issue
Order a dress 8 months before a wedding!? We were only engaged like 9 weeks 😅 got my dream dress too
I would be so angry at the taylor and sue the person 🤬
It would be nice to an each wedding dress manage by “ Say yes to the dress” when the wedding was held to see the final result.  Love to see all beautiful dresses wedding dress 👰‍♂️
I hate winning brides
I like her personalty ... I feel she has a kind heart
WHY did the tailor even send the dress to a dry cleaner in the first place!?!  The tailor must have kept the damage he or she did from the bride-to-be, and it NEEDED to be cleaned!  Yes, the tailor needs to be sued in this case, and the tailor could choose to sue the dry cleaner for the damage that was done to their client's gown.  Either way, the original damage was hid from the customer!  In fact, I'm wondering if the tailor is blaming it on a dry cleaner that doesn't exist, because the tailor simehow stained the dress, and stupidly washed it in a washing machine!
Would you please make closed captions available? Please!
Why did the dress go to the dry cleaners anyway?
Why would you have a new dress dry cleaned.
Why did the second bride buy a dress she didnt like?
If you want a sweetheart neckline,buy a dress with one
Why send it to a tailor when they do everything there where you bought it? And why did it need to go to a dry cleaner if the wedding hasnt happened and its new?
Heathers dress was great after the neckline was fixed
The destroyed dress lindsey had was not a great neckline on her made her look like a pancake at the top the 1st dress Lindsey tried on was so much prettier
Why can't they remove the skirt, and re-build it, with the beads and all. (I'd be surprised that the beads were individually sewn on, rather than being a one-piece appliqué.) The issue would be matching the satin. It's a lovely color!
Couldn’t they have told her before buying the dress, that it could not be altered the way she wanted?
The second girl reminds me of every 19 year old theater major I ever roomed with. 😂
Call me crazy, but something is off here.  A tailor is someone who knows fabrics, knows about their cleaning too. He would not damage the dress, because it would affect business.  I don’t want to say the bride washed it, but if you are low on money and saw some stains… maybe it’s not so hard to believe she put in the washing machine… not knowing it would damage the dress..   I think this is more plausible than a tailor sending it to a cleaners and a cleaners RUINING the dress. When cleaners don’t know how to wash something or cannot, they say it. They don’t ruin the fabric
I hope the bride sued the tailor and dry cleaners.
My wedding dress was lit on fire while I was actually wearing it. My brother in law James Harsh destroyed my identification cards from the United States military thinking it was stopped me from leaving the country to go on my honeymoon. He lit My wedding dress on fire while I was sitting on my husband’s lap in the back of our limo. He’s dead now and no one misses him, especially his wife and kids.
The tailor needs to pony up with some dollars!!
All that fuss for a dress to end up divorced and sad a few moths or years later... Weddings should never be that expensive
It's a dress. Get over it. No need to have a meltdown over something that will be worn for less than 24 hours.
Closed caption please.
"They did not have a record". Girl, where is your copy of the receipt?
I would be suing the tailor and dry cleaner!! So glad they found the replacement dress for her, it was stunning 😊😊
Why worry too much about it?
What’s the point in keep putting old dress on knowing she can’t have it
Nothing wrong with the damaged dress.  Still looked beautiful.
Wait! Why didn't the tailor have to pay! The dress was damaged while in his care. She shouldn't have to pay twice.
I would never want to help an OCD bride. Too much pressure lol
It’s like buying a new car when you’re still in love with your old one.
Why would a professional tailor send a wedding dress to the cleaners without the owners permission? She might just want a new dress..
Hope the tailor/dry cleaner paid for the dress, alterations & compensation for the stress caused!
Those creases nobody will notice it in wedding day......... 😊.... Be confident so people notice you not the dress
This solution might solve the problem of a dress…DONT BUY ONE. Just a nice everyday Sunday dress is just fine.
I could t see what was wrong with the first one?
Ahhhhh. Im sure you sued the tailor and dry cleaners and were compensated for the situation.  If you didnt then you are foolish.
As weird as it is, I would do a "funeral" so the bride can "mourn" it and let go, and keep it out of sight before anything else
I imagine that the first bride did discuss reimbursement with the taylor. She just didn't get around to discussing that in this clip.
I would take the cleaners to court after the Honeymoon.
Instead of paying for a new dress, there are 3 options:  (1) keep the lights really low and then at the reception change into another dress (2) have one of your guests pop a cork of champagne and spray it all over you (3) print out photos of the tailor and pin them on all the damaged spots with the words “he did it” and “guilty as charged” . 😂.
Love that they said it's a gorgeous no.  Being positive, not rude, and saying that it's not the dress for me, especially when they have EVERY reason to be negative under the circumstances is so awesome!
4:20 no offense to this lovely bride, but the original neck line looks horrible. The sweetheart neckline is 100x better
I love Randy.  💕
The first lady's dress is gorgeous!
God the original dress is so beautiful. What a shame
Why did the seamstress send out to be cleaned? My dress had to be completely disassemble by the seamstress and it didnt need to be dry cleaned lol. Poor thing.
The Taylor and the bride should be seeing the cleaning company
That taylor/dry cleaner NEEDS to oay for that dress!!! NO EXCUSE
Oh please, how do these women survive in this world. Crying over a dress you will wear for 3 hours max - get a life
Over the years, I have had 2 different dry cleaners each ruin a dress. You will NEVER get a dry cleaner to admit they had any part in running a dress. Melted beadwork? That's the dress manufacturers fault for putting those beads on the dress. I specifically asked if that would be a problem and was assured it was not. The attached sash on your blouse shredded and stained with black gear grease? That must have looked like that when you dropped it off because no way it could have happened among all our machinery
One month before my wedding I didn’t have a dress or money to buy one. So I went to a fabric store and made the dress, veil and bought the shoes for $40 total in 1981. I got the shoes for $4 because nobody could wear that size 4 pair of shoes except me. The dress came out good and we stayed married for 40 years until the day my sweet husband died. It was a great 40 years and I really miss my Kevan.
Could they save the bodice..?
Take the  dry cleaner to  court
THOSE PROFESSIONAL MOUTH TALKING SCAMMERS COULDNT SAVE THE DRESS?? WHATS THE POINT OF THE SHOW??😂😂😂😂😂
DRY CLEANER IS A WASHING MACHINE EINSTEIN😂😂😂😂 IT USES CHEMICALS TO WASH YOUR CLOTHES INSTEAD OF SOAP
oh i would have been beside myself, that first dress was so beautiful
I hope she has a FABULOUS “trash the dress” session afterwards.
Am I blind? I can't see what's wrong with her dress at all.
She should have put the name of the Dry Cleaner out on the internet including full address because if it's part of a chain of dry cleaners you want the right store to take the blame.And make sure you have plenty of pictures of the dress before and after if you can. This will save some poor brides later so they won't go through a similar heartache.
The dry cleaner should have paid for the dress.
She should sue the tailor for ruining her dress.
Can't she get the money from the dry cleaners  since they were the ones who ruined it they should buy her a new one that she likes
I thought dry cleaners understand  the fabrics and how they need to clean them .
that sucks her original dress was gorgeous
Should have contacted Hobbybobbins.
I would assume the dry cleaners
Send the dry cleaner the bill for the 2nd dress
Ordering a wedding dress 8 months before lol yeah right
The tailor & the dry cleaner’s should pay for her new dress if she gets a new dress because they ruined her perfect wedding dress! Even though it was her mistake, it doesn’t matter, you just don’t do what you did to the dress!
Sorry but i dont believe this story. You’d sue surely not buy another
The dress elegan
First dress was beautiful
I used to work in wedding attire. Many dresses can be machine washed, line dried and steamed with no harm. We got paid to toss stinky samples in our home washer. Forget dry cleaning. Yes, check the fabrics but don't assume that thing is more fragile than it is
The tailor should have had to pay for the replacement dress!
I'm not sure I believe the girl with the "sweetheart neckline" - HMMMM
Ridiculous
Marriage is also giving a shit about a freaking dress, but be mature enought make the one pay who ruined it.
I took my prom dress to a tailor because it was one length and a little too long, I wanted it cut high to low: knees in the front, floor length in the back. The asshat cut the dress backwards showing the back of my knees and calves, and still charged us to finish cutting it to one length afterwards! I remember crying all the way from tailor (in town) to mall (in city) where we had an emergency gathering of family to buy a new dress because prom was next week. I found an even better one that I still have to this day that I want to get altered to get married in❤
i hope that dry cleaners paid for her dress.
Did you take the tailor and dry cleaner to task and make them pay you back. You must have gotten some compensation.
She should take the tailor and the dry cleaner to small claims court
Why did a new dress need cleaning? What on earth did the seamstress do to it!!!?
The dry cleaner should be held responsible to reimburse the bride for the new dress
The first one did not pay twice. The insurance of the taylor or dry cleaners payed, as did the show's producers and Kleinfeld. Also please do not get upset by your dress that much, make sure to have a great time with your friends and family and a nice marriage afterwards!
The ruined dress....is there no legal accountabiluty??? There is a piece of this puzzle missing.
Yep let’s show more
Omg get a grip the back is horrible!
I think they are overexaggerating... When you use the dress 1h is going to be destroyed anyway, they get dirt and everything...
Why isn't the tailor paying for the new dress?
I really do not see, that this dress is ruined..
Is the voiceover by Roger Craig Smith? He sounds like Sonic
I don't understand how 2 dresses are all they have to show her.
Sue the tailor! They ruined it, they are responsible for damages AND pain & suffering.
why would a man want a woman who worries about a freaking neckline?? I get looking wonderful but please women, don't spend this kind of time and energy- save that for your lives together!
As a male, I can’t really understand how a dress is the origin of so much drama, kudos to all of you for dealing with all that “stuff”.
Why wouldn't she see if they couldn't fix it?
whoever ruined Lindsey's dress should pay for it, right?
i'd have gone with the second dress. its beautiful.
I hope she got compensated.... she should sue otherwise bcs those dresses are expensive af.
Why doesn’t she go somewhere else if they don’t have anything she likes?
Keisha was one of my favorites!
Sheshouldnt have to pay for it.. the dry cleaners and yhe tailor should pay for it
The tailor is 💯 at fault. How do you send out a wedding dress and then only apologize???
I hope she sued the tailor!  Why would they send it to a dry cleaner without her permission?! It sounds like the tailor did something to it and tried to cover their tracks but sent it to someone who doesn't know how to handle wedding dresses, smfh
All we need is someone to create reasonable doubt if the first dress is 'the' dress in the bride's mind- she probably wouldn't have had to pay for the same dress twice.
I think the issue with potential replacement dresses began with the color. She looks best in off-white, while bright optic white would never look as natural and second skin on her. And she felt this immediately.
I wasn't really able to see the damage on the dress.  But I do wonder If lace appliqué over the damaged spots might have salvaged it.
A tantrum for a dress... Wait until she marries and faces real life struggle 😅
The Biden Mafia is so accustomed to lying, cheating with no consequence. This is business as usual. Like the Mafia. .only better cause The Big Guy will be behind it all.😮😮😮😮😮
She bought the dress that is sentimental to her in a plastic bag?????😂
Why do you dry clean a new dress?
I can't watch this. Don't they have other problems in their lives? Is she crying because of the shape of the neckline?
I am not a designer and not sure how its doable, but could they not cut up the waistline part and stuck on a new fabric?
I feel sorry for her wedding dress 😢😢😢
The tailor should be liable - right , the damage was done at their end, so reimbursement should be from them/Tailer.  Please follow up, re lawsuit.  Also could Kleinfeld's replaced the bottom portion of the dress??
Why would the tailor give her dress to a dry cleaner if she only needed it tailored?
the original dress looked so medieval
I hope she sued the tailor. Omg
Does this bride remind anyone of Helen Hunt?
As a seamstress: maybe buy 10 yards of satin matching fabric and use the ruined skirt to make a replacement. Then she would have the dress she loves
I’m not the type of person who thinks suing or taking people to small claims court is the usually the answer,but in this case…But it should have never have gotten to point her paying twice the tailor and/or dry cleaner should have paid for a replacement plus any additional fees for rushed alterations/cleanings. Liability insurance likely would cover the situation.
Lost me at the paying twice part. Nobody I know would roll over like that.
Who is the designer of the first girl's dress?
Im sorry but thats totally fixable. Its just gonna take a lot of time and work
Imagine crying over a dress??
The first bride is DUMB ASF WHEN SHE BOUGHT THE DRESS from a dress shop WHY THE heck DIDNT SHE HAVE THE TAILOR DO THE FITTING???.   ALSO NEVER EVER BUY A WEDDING DRESS online PHYSICALLY GO IN THE STORE TRY IT ON AND BUY IT.  FIRST BRIDE GOT WHAT SHE DESERVED BY BEING SO STUPID. WITH THAT SAID I HOPE SHE SUED THAT TAILOR FOR DAMAGES. I don't feel sorry for LINDSAY AT ALL. LIKE I SAID THATS HER FAULT FOR GOING TO ANY TAILOR.
Please have captions for deaf people too.
I am suspicious...no self respecting dry cleaner would have caused that...I think something happened with the tailor.
Actually, I couldn't see any stains on the first dress and it looked OK to wear for a few hours.  Don't hate me.
If you want a Sweetheart neckline then try on and buy a dress with that design. No need to alter a dress that does not have that neckline.
I would sue the dry Cleaners for ruining the wedding dress
Bummer, I love Lazaro, but in blush
the first bride definately looks best in her original dress, the whiter ones were making her look very very pale
So, enquiring minds want to know if she was able to recoup her costs from the dry cleaner and tailor.  That's really horrible.
Why would you have a new dress cleaned
She shouldn't have to pay for the second dress because the first one being ruined it's not her fault
That poor first bride. I can see why she loves it despite it being ruined it truly suits her. Those who damaged it should pay for it and be excessively apologetic! Seems like a lovely bride aswell.
It wasnt at a cleaners it was a washing machine
Why cant they clean it correctly for her
The first girl looks like Caitlin Clark
I hope she sued the person that sent the dress to the dry cleaner .
My daughter bought her wedding dress for £500 20 years ago, it was lovely, after the wedding it had a bit if mud on the hem so she washed it on a gentle wash, it turned out fine and she sold it online for £200.
That Dry Cleaner needs to pay for the dress, plus her trouble of having to get another one.
So telling that she keeps referring to her original dress as “HER” dress. Also, I hope she went after the dry cleaner to cover up to all of the cost of the second dress. Re #2 As my grandmother always said, “Tears can’t buy change.”
I bought my wedding dress at a breast cancer fund raiser. After tailoring i took to the cleaners. It was to be ready 15 days before my wedding day.  Went to pick it up, they first said that they wrote the wrong date for it to be ready.  No biggie, just give me my dress and i can deal.  Then, they couldn't find it, and weren't in a hurry to find it.  Cool beans. Called a bridal store the next day and got pricing.  Then called the cleaners back and told them i was putting in a claim with the wedding insurance policy, and i needed their insurance company info and gave the 3000 dollars price of the less than 10 day turnaround to rush a new dress.   2 hours later*gasp😮 they had found my dress and were cleaning it.  Getting wedding insurance pays. Seriously.
I would sue the tailor and the dry cleaner.
I think the other dresses were prettier.
I'd hate to see the second bride in a real crisis, not some stupid problem with a neckline.
The drycleaners would never have washed the dress. Even still watermarks can be removed with soaking with mild colour safe stain remover then dry-cleaned then pressed. It's more like it was damaged at the alterations place or it was badly stored. A drycleaners would have pressed the dress and not given it back not done. I just don't believe her. Just sketchy on too many things.
Some brides are son stupid, paying that lot o money for a dress that is going to be use one time.
I had a dry cleaners ruin mine too.
What's wrong with wearing pajamas instead, it's the new trend.
Just realized today is July 3rd so it is the bride's wedding day.  I hope it all worked out for her.
Why didn't the dry cleaners pay???
Why buy a dress with the "Wrong" neckline in the first place. The second bride is on the road to bridezilla behaviour
Can we say ,lawsuit.
The person that ruined the dress needs to pay for the new one.
Does anyone know the name of the designer of the first dress? It's gorgeous! I love the color too but its sad to see how bad it got banged up at the cleaners :c
I often see BEAUTIFUL dresses on the mannequins behind the bride, when they're commenting. And I think, "she should try that one on!"  Upvotes, anyone? 😂
I would sue the taylor and let the person pay for everything 😮 Hopebyou had a lovely day ❤
Working in a company that does alterations and changing dress shapes, honestly, clients sometimes think we are magic. We are also human too so that being said, I understand that client’s frustration about the neckline but sometimes people will take anything we say differently. A dress is on the body and it will move
literally what happened in the case of Curtis v. Chemical dyeing and cleaning co. ltd.
Absolutely nobody would have seen this. I understand her distress, but the flaws would have to be pointed out to anyone
I love Nicola tears aren’t gonna fix the dress we gotta solve this. Reminded me of my daddy lol
I would have worn the so-called 'damaged' dress. I couldn't see anything and the wedding guests would have been clueless.
so who is to blame there? The tailor or the dry cleaners
I love the way everyone tries to help Lindasy realize her dream. It's so nice to hear happily ever after stories, with no one acting out.
Pure Vanity 😂
first world problems!
The dry cleaners should be paying for her other dress, and she should sue  them as well
Something Similar happened to me. When I didn’t get exactly what I wanted when I got my wedding dress, I was like aww, darn. 😞 AND MOVED ON! I didn’t cry.
SUE.
I don't get it. Why should she need to have her wedding dress dry cleaned Before the wedding? The dress is new - why would it need dry cleaning?
Same thing happened to me   sent it to specialised cleaner (bought it second hand) it came back bright Yellow.
where the ruin dress go?, if ever you just throw it away can I have it instead,🥰🥰🥰
Cudnt they replace the top layer and cut and paste the embellishments
I wouldn’t be paying for the dress after someone RUINED IT. The party the RUINED the first one would be paying for the replacement. Or meet my Lawyer
Nothing bad was done on purpose, right?
Dye that dress black and resell?? Im not a seamstress i know nothing of fabrics.. would that be possible?
I think they should have on-call therapists for this job of selling bridal dresses.
The calmness of the first bride was so encouraging. That made her such a joy to work with… And probably to be married to. I’m glad it worked out for her.  I hope the tailor / dry cleaner will be held accountable for the destruction of the dress.
Some tailors distribute their work load to local seamstresses and pay dirt cheap. Not every seamstress has a work space clean enough and large enough to accommodate a wedding gown. Not all of them can sew in clean white gloves. I would guess someone spilled a drink. Maybe they tried to remove the stains in a washing machine before trying to salvage the damage at a dry cleaner. That would explain the puckered seams. Even among the couture houses, the atelier is a vanishing breed. Nobody wants to pay what that level of craftsmanship is worth.
That's why you should always pay Kleinfelds to alter your wedding dress. The bride didn't want to pay Kleinfelds their alteration costs and look what happened. You get what you pay for. Wedding dresses are expensive and made differently. You have to have an experienced taylor who knows dress construction to work on them.
I hope she sues that Taylor or whoever it was that sent it to the laundry and maybe even bought a bit of a suit in the laundry because they should’ve known better
I don’t like the original dress.  The next two were much prettier.  The plain second one with the more traditional strapless top was much more flattering on her.  I do have to add that, in general, I am not a fan of strapless sleeveless dresses.
I'm glad Bride Heather was happy in the end. But, if your heart is set on something particular, choose it and voice it, before buying it! Sho got lucky. And was a very beautiful bride.
I couldn't see what the problem was with the original dress
Why would the tailor send it to a dry cleaner in the first place?
I'd be telling the tailor & dry cleaner that they nees ro pay for a new dress. If not then they need very bad reviews. Karma will get them.
Off topic, but does anyone know whats up with Joan's voice? Is that some kind of medical problem or an accent ive never heard? It always sounds like she has a hard time getting words out, like she's out of breath. I'm just curious.
This is exactly why I paid $700 for alterations In House , avoid all this and came out perfectly, well worth the no stress
SUE THE TAILOR
I cant believe she will pay for the dress
1st bride...that dress DOES look most like her. gGad they could help
Did the laundry mat or the seller pay for her new dress??
It’s sad cuz the destroyed dry cleaned dress was really beautiful, really classic!!! Almost timeless!!!
She made a good choice. It fits her & her style.❤
The chick in the second dress. For you have a sweetheart neckline, you need more boobs.
I don't quite get why women are so emotional...granted, they want a nice dress, but paying ooo gobs of money for only one time wearing...I would put that money into the honeymoon or house
Uh, no---the tailor should pay the total amount of the first dress that they RUINED. I'd be taking this jerk to court and not only getting reimbursed for the dress, the alterations and the dry cleaning bill, she should also be compensated for mental and emotional anguish.
I hope she sued. We are talking 5k in loss 😮
My sister wore my mother’s satin dress. It was 40 years old. Had never been properly cared for. It was re-sown and taken in a tiny bit for my sister. 3 weeks before the wedding my sister and mother did not like the few stains that were in the dress. They threw it in a cold water wash, threw it over the clothes line to dry. My mother spent a half a day ironing the dress and my sister wore it on her wedding day. It was solid satin, and very plain which is why it worked. But it worked.
That was a gorgeous dress
That first brides dress was STUNNING. Why discontinue it is the question.
Im in love with Jo's hair 😍
Who ruined it should be paying for the new one!
How is it ruined?
Waste of money shame on the tailor and the dry cleaner
I believe the cleaner and tailor should pay for this
She should definitely should NOT have had to pay for the 2nd dress. It was the tailor's &/or the dry cleaners fault. THEY should be held liable & pay for it. If not, LAW SUIT! ❤❤❤
Oh it wouldn't be me paying for the dress twice, I promise you that. I was a paralegal and I've got way too many friends who are lawyers. Drycleaner and tailor can work it out between them, but $4.5k plus travel expenses would be back in my account or the lawyers would fight over who got to file the lawsuit.
Thank goodness I never had the need to obsess over a dress.
If someone did that to my wedding dress, I would get a lawyer and sue them and I hope she’s done that because that’s unacceptable and she has a very good case and she has a right to sue that cleaners if you do not know what the hell you’re doing then don’t do it all. Let the person know. I don’t know how to do this, let them try to find somebody who does go after them soon for the damage of that dress. I’m sorry that happened to you.
Why did she send it to a tailot instead of having the store fit it for her?? The only person at fault here is her
I hope the dry cleaner reimbursed her for the cost of the dress.
I'm definitely blind, but I can't see the damaged part of the dress?? It looks fine to me, maybe if I saw it in person I could see the damage but I literally cannot see what the damage is. Can anyone point it out for me?
poor bride she should’ve made the guilty party paid for her replacement dress
the dress she selected does nothing for her. plus, she looks much better in white, rather than ivory.
9:31 the bottom of the dress makes her look like a shrimp
6:40 it was an ugly dress either way
The second dress makes her look like one of those cookies
That’s literally the exact same one.
Why it is not a dry cleaning company pay for the dress?? The should pay.
Sue the tailor he is responsible for the dress he sent it out😡
I'm sorry, but the dry cleaner and tailor should have reimbursed her for ruining her dress! She shouldn't have to pay twice! This poor bride.
That second bride crying broke my heart... people will call women bridezillas for exercing any opinions surrounding their wedding, but not feeling great in your own wedding dress must  be so frustrating. Weddings are more about the bride than anything else. I love how Nicole was absolutely gracious and comprehensive... I just love Nicole so much, it's so sad she's not at Kleinfeld anymore
$4,500 to spend on a wedding dress!!  With that kind of budget I wouldn’t think she had anything to worry about.
The tailor and dry cleaner are going to pay for that dress and pay her back for the trouble
She should be on People's Court
A Taylor and/or cleaners didn't know to NOT machine wash silk?
The person who sent it to the dry cleaner WITHOUT asking her should be buying the replacement. Insurance covers replacement cost, they ruined it. They buy it.  She was so incredibly sweet despite so much stress and honestly heartache. I hope she can harvest the good bits of the old dress for something for her children. Christening gown or gloves for their wedding days. ❤I hope they can laugh about it now and had a wonderful wonderful day and continue to have many great days ahead. ❤🎉
That happened to my daughter thank goodness after her wedding and took it to a cleaners and they ruined it. Never came good for it and she was not a fighter to get them to come clean. I would have fought with them if I had of known to come good for it for the fact that she wanted to keep it at that time in case she has a daughter. And she does. She was so upset when she told her dad and I.
I miss Keasha ... what happened to her... does anyone know
Sus. Dalin mo sakin yan maayos yan two days
There should be compensation  throught the courts -WHy was the dress sent to the dry cleaners in the qst place especially if its a brand new dress
I gave my wedding dress to drycleaners and it shrinkd like a size and the material was odn,i bought the the other one ,bothe where low price dresses ,i thought it happened because of cheap material ,i cant imagine pay so much money and this happens.
The dress and alterations is pretty ugly the way it is. I hope they get it fixed for her.
It seems crazy that in a salon like this that they can’t locate the dress that she had ..
Brides mother looks like Katty Holmes 😊
Hope she got a refund on the ruined dress
Too much drama for dumb details!
Two ugly dresses, ruined for a reason.
I hope the tailor is paying for that new dress!
Why the heck would anyone send a wedding dress to the dry cleaners?!  That material IS NOT WASHABLE in the washing machine.  The bride should not have to pay twice for a dress.
I sure hope she sued. Thank you Kleinfield saved the day!
Should have tried the dress on that was behind her.
The first bride did awesome in the situation. She came into Kleinfeld's, explained her situation to the saleswomen and she ended up getting the dress she ACTUALLY ordered and wanted. Joan was a rockstar for going above and beyond by phoning to see if the original dress was even available. She did this without Lindsey knowing. As for the second bride, she may very well have been hysterically crying before the cameras showed her. My goodness people, not everything has to be taken at face value. Not everything happens WHILE the cameras are rolling! We should just be glad that the situations were taken care of and both had happily ever after endings!
I miss the old format when they focused on the bride and the staff.  Now its randy, and the bridal party... Love randy, but he doesn't need to be in every episode... And the bridal party's opinion shouldn't be more important than the bride's.  How is she paying for the dress twice... Dry cleaner or tailor should be responsible for the cost.
the first girl should've sued the dry cleaners and had them pay for her new dress considering it's their fault and they'd be paying the same amount of money that she lost + some extra for the inconvenience
The tailor should’ve immediately… returned her money AND paid for the full dress and what kind of Taylor sends a dress to a dry cleaner!!!!!!!
Who dry cleans a brand new wedding dress before a wedding?
Am I the only one who sees nothing wrong with the first dress? It looks totally fine....
WHY are all the wedding dresses strapless They all look the same
She should have the person or business who ruined it pay to replace it.
I would have thought that the dry cleaners should have replaced the wedding dress
Buys dress without a sweetheart neckline, is upset dress doesn't have a sweetheart neckline. 😑
The background music: *hi I’m renata bliss and I’m your free style dance teacher*
Am I the only one who didn’t notice anything off with the ruined dress? 😂
My heart breaks for the bride who had her dress ruined and had to buy it a second time. My dad's girlfriend thought my wedding dress, hanging up in my childhood home, was my mother's dress. So she stole it out of spite. I'm almost certain she donated my $3K dress to Goodwill. I was lucky though that the dress was still in stock and heavily discounted. My dad agreed to fully replace the dress. We couldnt replace the matching rose gold tiara but thankfully i had kept the matching veil when i wore it for our courthouse wedding where i wore a different dress. My dream princess dress is hanging in my closet waiting for the day we finally have a big wedding for extended friends and family.
I sure hope she sued both the tailor and the dry cleaners afterwards. No one should have this nightmare happen to them. Added stress and trauma, traveling expenses… all need to be compensated for.
She shouldn't have had to pay for it. Should have been an exchange because she already paid for it.
Oh that tailor and dry cleaner would be paying for me new dress.
This episode is from several years ago. Wonder if anyone is still married
The dry cleaner needs to pay for the damaged dress. My heart ached for her. And that dress was gorgeous. Nothing can compare to it
As someone whose family has never had a weddings (everyone eloped or justice of the peace)  I can say right now that i would be so p*ss off if that ever happened to me.  What they did to that dress was just barbaric and brutal.
Who orders a wedding dress 8 months before the wedding
Second bride - ALL BRIDES - ALWAYS take photos and make sure ALL changes to your dress/outfit is specified, drawn, and initialed by the bride and alteration manager.
lol. My entire wedding and reception together cost $4500. Including the dress.
I understand that things happen but WTF..... Why would anyone do that to a gorgeous wedding dress! Clearly the "dry cleaners" were negligent, using washing machine? water stains etc. Nope not happening.
Unfortunately, I can top this.  The dress I fell in love with and ordered and waited for was not available.  I found out 4 weeks before the wedding it had been discontinued and I went elsewhere to order the only dress I could get in 3 weeks, leaving one week for tailoring, and I hated it!  That was 1975 and wedding shops weren't as common.  I did go to the only wedding salon in our area to replace the dress.  And I still hate even looking at pictures of my dress all these years later!
She's hysterically crying, she can't communicate. Cuts to bride quietly weeping having a full conversation. Like really?
FUN FACT: Dry cleaners only insure a percentage of what you paid for the service. For example, my dry cleaners was going to charge me $20 for a $400 skirt. The insurance would’ve only covered what I paid for it times 10.
The cleaners should pay for the first brides dress since they ruined it! The tailor should chip in too for sending out without the brides permission.
Taylor and dry cleaner should help pay for dress
I dont blame the first bride; the original really suits her
Tailor and Dry cleaner should be paying for her second dress!
I find her story a bit untruthful myself. Why would a tailor send out a dress themselves?
My landlord started a fire in my apartment when I was engaged. My gown reeked of smoke. They paid for it to be dry cleaned, and the dry cleaners tore the lace. The bridal shop normally wouldn’t do alterations on dresses that had been to a cleaner beforehand for this reason - oftentimes they get totally ruined. I think they felt bad for me, because they fixed it for me despite being against their policy 🥲
ive never been right with adults that cry over not getting what they want....its no different to a teenager who tantrums over the wrong iPhone...  yes its disappointing but there's always choices and compromises...bawling like an idiot because you've placed monstrously high (but socially acceptable??) expectations of a one day party, does nothing except heighten the stress of people trying to help.   calm ya farm
I feel so bad for the first bride. The consultants did a fantastic job pulling out stops. But I do hope she sued that tailor and the dry cleaning business for destroying her first dress
It’s not uncommon to get your dressed tailored by an outside tailor shop but while I was working at my previous shop we NEVER personally sent anything to the cleaners as that was not apart of our job the only time we sent a dress somewhere was after the wedding and if the bride paid for the preservation package
I take all my nicer clothes to a special dry cleaner who knows how to handle delicate fabrics. Is the bodice at least salvageable?  🇨🇦
Dry cleaners ruined my mom’s dress and she had to borrow a friends. Still makes me sad but my parents are pretty chill about stuff like that. I hope she really didn’t care as much as she says.
I know it would be untraditional, but to me it looks like the dress may have been dyed “pink” by accident (judging by the pink bag) or at least had pink stains. (I think that was the problem?) why not just dye the “ruined” dress a new color? I mean, I know white is the “wedding” color but maybe just be unique for once lol
I would have worn it anyway, who cares . It's just a dress
Maybe my eyes are bad but I really do not see a huge issue with the dress that she is going to be wearing for a few hours. Is she just being super picky and because she can afford it wants a brand new one???
wat people usually buy wedding dress 8 month before?? damn i never know that
I feel like the tailor lied and is at fault. They probably spilled something on the dress and threw it in the washer.
You would think she could sew applique, lace and rhinestones all over the ruined dress to hide the stains.
Why didn't she have Kleinfeld tailor it? Was she trying to actually save money? Ooops.
This is why I just paid Kleinfeld to fix my dress. I purchased it there, it was a Randi dress, no one else was allowed to touch it 😂
I’m not going to lie if I was the first bride I’d be hysterical I felt so bad for her.
I do not like the strapless/ sleeveless dresses
I sure hope she sued them for the second dress how horrible 😢
I hope she looks into a civil court case.  Its sucks she had to pay twice.  She has proof that her dress was ruined.  I hope she can get some kind of compensation, even if it’s after the wedding.
That’s good they found the same wedding dress for the first bride!
I agree! They should have reimbursed her for her dress! I would go back and present them with the second invoice! It WAS their failt!
My daughter wore her dress but after wanted it cleaned. Well the dry cleaner melted the sequins and destroyed the dress. He absolutely refused to reemburse her so courageously took him to court. She was told she had should have had a bridal consultant at court and only got a 100 bucks. The dry cleaner said oh that’s nothing why didn’t you ask for 100 $ before? Her heart was shattered several times over.
I can’t tell that it’s ruined lol
My mother found and ordered her perfect dress back in the nineties, and then it came back with some cut mistakes. she the Also had zu choose a New one
The people that work at Klienfelds are magical. They know the trauma
I am wondering why the DryCleaner is not RESPONSIBLE for REPLACING THE ENTIRE DRESS 👗 no matter what it costs!!! With great SYMPATHY, KATHARAN KINGDOM
The tailor that ruined the dress needs to pay to replace it.
ooooh no! I would not pay twice $4400 for a dress, regardless of my financial status. I hope the tailor paid for the damages later on.  I would be furious if this was my situation.
Sue the dry cleaner for the new dress.
Dry cleaning in the US are horrible, my experience also. Ruined a 450$ jacket.
If you are getting something altered how would you not make sure everything is written down and things are in order??
Is there insurance for these dresses since they cost so much?
oh my god the first bride's original dress was so gorgeous, I'm so mad the tailor/dry cleaner ruined it >:[ who tf does that?!
Had I been the manager of the dry cleaners, I would have taken out money from my own savings, told the bride to show up, and tell her up front of the damages. Then, I would tell her we will buy her a new wedding dress of her own choice, and even some accessories as well.  Always treat your customers like royalty if you screw up.
It can be devastating for a bride to lose her dress. Especially so when it happens so close to the wedding day.  I hope the tailor & dry cleaned reimbursed her for the dress. If they didn't, I hoped they sued the tailor & dry cleaners.
That’s so amazing! I’m so glad they helped her to find a dress with someone who had it.
She BELONGED into THIS dress. I totally agree with that bride 🥰
I think this would be a learning experience for all brides.  If you need alternations done on a dress from Kleinfield's, use the tailor at their store.
'Its like finding a new guy weeks before your wedding'....and I'm dead lol 🤣🤣🤣
WHY didn't the bride have Kleinfeld tailor her dress????????????? When you spend thousands for a dress, I cannot understand trying to save maybe a few hundred to perfect the fitting!  FALSE ECONOMY!
I can’t even see the damage, can you ????
I don’t know why Klein felt is correcting it???   She should buy a new dress, then go back to the person who ruined her dress and sue them if necessary.
I had a tailor wreck my wedding dress. Took it to a different tailor who thankfully fixed it in time but it was one of the most stressful experiences. Don’t wish it on anyone.
The dry cleaner should be footing the bill. he is the one who ruined it.
Go Kleinfeld!!
Some can not afford a second dress especially that kind of dress. I don’t know what I would  do but I know the person who ruined the dress will pay for the damage and get me a new dress on them.
I agree the dress should be paid for by the tailor.   She should be able to recoup her money.
I love the original dress! It is gorgeous!
praying honeymoon husband and wife together honeymoon love honeymoon marriage honeymoon relationship honeymoon love honeymoon kids honeymoon husband honeymoon loves  jobs stay in love being loved have a good loves honeymoon married get married money stay in love being in love have a good love Happy loves happy marriage have a happy honeymoon marriage honeymoon husband and wife together stay in love be in love and have a good love being love have a good love honest love faithful love honeymoon marriage honeymoon love honeymoon relationship honeymoon husband and wife together honeymoon always loves getting married be married stay married be married have a happy marriage
The dress from Kleinfeld was wayyyyy better!😍
Why, if this was real, would you put your dress in a bag, like garbage in bring it in to Kleinfeld.  The producers don't even know what a real person would do.  Goofy and produces by the brainless.  Plus the dress be butt ugly in the first place, then they put her in equally ugly dresses.  He could not ware strapless and the color is dreadful.
Irony.  I could t see the issue, and 99.99% of those who see her in the dress she wears once wont either
I worked in a chapel where we bought, sold and rented out gowns. We had a wonderful dry cleaner. She told me to tell the brides if anything like champagne or sugar based but not noticeable was spilled on the gown just let us know so we can show the cleaners where to use hot steam to get rid of the stain that will show up. Dry cleaning chems do not liquify sugars but steam will.
In the 1970's a cleaner destroyed a very expensive dress, then told me I brought it in that way. Bull sh*t, I could never get them to take responsibility for the mistake,  so I got all dolled up in my blue business suit, made a nice picket sign, and walked up and down the sidewalk in front of their headquarters.  They ushered me into office and paid for the dress they ruined. HA!
Kudos to Kleinfeld for finding another identical dress for the first bride, but I went into shock when she said " frustrating to have to pay twice for the same dress"! She absolutely should sue the tailor and the drycleaner! The drycleaners should already have offered to reimburse her for the original price she paid.
My dress was stolen it went to the cleaners and disappeared
Sorry, but I'm not seeing "ruined" when I look at the original dress.  Maybe Lindsey is worried about her upcoming marriage and is transferring that concern to the dress.  The store representatives are merely being supportive.  Try ironing it after talking to a counselor.
its America, why isn't she suing the tailor and the dry cleaner?
the second dress only need some padding
Shouldn't the people who ruined her dress take the cost of replacing it?
The original dress looked lovely on her, such a shame!
My only question is -- shouldn't insurance be handling the loss of the first dress?
I think you can get the water marks off that first dress. I would even think of putting an overlay if lace or something just to keep the money down. Poor lady
They should have paid her the damage. What the f does it mean pay twice. Aldo i don't understand why did the 2nd bride not buy a dress with the neckline she liked
All of these dresses look exactly alike.  Geez.
I just did not see any damage ???
Her mum looks like Jacqueline Kennedy.
8 months ahead of time… wow, people put way too much into wedding planning. My engagement was 3 months total.
So wait, does the dry cleaners pay the new dress? They ruined it, they should pay it.
And that’s why I designed my own wedding dress and with Mom’s help we made my dream dress. I just could not find a dress that I loved. It was my 2nd time down the aisle and I hate white or off white my skin tone just made me look washed out and sickly. As it was my 2nd time white was out anyway yellow I was told was the colour of a 2nd marriage, I never knew there were different colours to each additional time you got married. There was no way I was going to wear yellow. If white made me look washed out and sickly, yellow had the same affect but even worse.  Mom and I visited 4 wedding showrooms and the dress they brought out made me look like I was a side of mutton. The one dress that I loved was soooooo over priced it cost more than what I was paying in total for my wedding of 80 guests. I nearly had a heart attack on the spot. We left the last showroom but the dress I saw was perfect in colour. So Mom and I went shopping in China Town and found a fabric that was so close to the dress colour. I then spent a few weeks designing my own dress, based on the amount of fabric I bought I spent $500 AUS on the base fabric gold satin and then we had to go and buy beads and lace as well as organza again from China Town their prices are one third of the cost compared to shops that supplied wedding fabric. I was stitched into my dress because unlike so many brides I did not put weight on I lost 2 dress sizes 3 weeks before the wedding, it fitted perfectly on my last fitting but I fell ill with the flu at the same time so by the day of the wedding  I had shrunk and Mom had to pin and sew me into the dress so it would not fall off😹😹😹my poor hubby had to use a thread cutter to snip me out of my dress that night but he loved how I looked on the day and that’s all that mattered.
Give me the ruined dress for I studied chemistry intensely and I am laundry queen! I can take stains out of anything. I once got dried red wine stains out of a brand new white silk  shirt. I can do better than a dry cleaner. I live for the challenge.
The people who ruined the dress should be paying for the replacement dress. No brainer!
That dry cleaner is paying right…right?!
I really hope the first bride make the tailor pay for the new dress
My hot what a narcissist that second girl was. Calm down. It’s a freaking neckline, not the Holocaust
Dress still looks gorgeous to me
I hope she sues the 💩 out of that tailor and dry cleaner.  This cost her THOUSANDS of dollars.
for my first wedding, i had very small, easily fixable issues with my dress, but time was running out.  i worked at a russell athletics store at the time and had a nightmare i would have to walk down the aisle in sweatpants and a sweatshirt, lol.  in the end, the dress worked out, the marriage did not.  for my current husband, we wore work appropriate clothes and got married at the courthouse.  i like to say i had a wedding the first time, but not a marriage.  this time it is the opposite.  we will be celebrating our 15th anniversary next month and still love each other more every day.
You should clean the dress. First: there is a spray special for white dresses. You can get them in the bridal store. If this is not working, then you try it at the bridal store that they wash it for you if its possible. The key word is slow, in a bath tob.  Some tailers don’t know how to clean a wedding dress.
Glad she was able to get her dress.
Does anyone know who designed the dress?
Why did the tailor send the dress to a dry cleaner anyway?
Terrible situation BUT the sweetheart neckline issue. Petty
Yes the cleaners made a terrible mistake.. and yes should pay for it.. but over the top “take them to the cleaners. Ruin them mentality is ridiculous.
Oh this is over a decade ago!
i need more dress disasters on this show
First dress is gone!!! Get on with it and find a dress
I have seen and also done myself you can hand wash the dress. Do it in a bathtub with OxiClean white soak, then with Nellie's soap, repeat lay out on clean white towels and pat to damp dry. Just find the You Tube vide on it.
That neck line is truly hideous
Definitely would have seen a lawyer. That tailor owes her a dress.
Bad comparison. It's not like finding a new guy.
What a shame. The dress may be rescued under different circumstances (I do costumes/dresses so I know its doable)  ut not in the time and it should never have happened. 😢❤
Am I the only one who thinks the “ruined” dress looks fine?
What I dont understand is why the dress was cleaned in the first place. If it's a new dress why does it need to be cleaned?
I thought the original dress looked aaweful😮😮😢😢
Maybe I am blind but I can't see the problem with the first dress......Maybe I need a close-up look.......Compared to Princess Diana's wedding dress, who everyone said was beautiful and all I saw were all those creases I thought the first dress of this bride looked excellent in comparison.
the first bride shouldnt have to pay for a second dress. The dam tailor and dry cleaner should be made to pay for her new dress after all they destroyed her dress
I would sue both the tailor and the dry cleaners 🤬 I cant even imagine the heartbreak and stress this caused. I think the tailor maybe lied and blamed a dry cleaner bc they didn't want to admit they tried to wash it in a machine.   So happy she got her dress. ❤
Tailor is responsible - she has every right to reimbursement and even damages for what was done.
Her dress isn't even that cute lol. It's sad it got ruined, but she could have bought a much cuter dress instead of the same one again.
Maybe they did and just didn't mention it.
Love this bride!
If she gave permission for it to go to the dry cleaners, the tailor wouldn't be liable. Dry cleaning is probably at own risk.
I don’t blame her for wanting “her dress” it looks stunning on her!
All the ooold episodes ...the out dated dresses ... Can't we watch some less old ones here?!?
She should see if she can claim money back from either the person who sent the dress to the dry cleaners or the DC themselves! To pay again is disgusting!
Keasha was my favorite bridal consultant on the show. Not sure what happened to her.
interesting if those brides are so crazy about their future husband, marriage. You wear it for few hours and that's it. At the end of the day nobody cares and nobody remembers. Looks like just to look fab is most important and nothing else.
Imagine that conversation between her and the tailor. My word.
If my sister's dress was ruined, I'd be paying visits to those who destroyed her dress while buying her a new one. Whatever my little sister would want, I'd make sure she got it. If my sister were here, she'd probably tell me to chill and remind me I'm being overprotective, but that's just who I am; energetic and protective, someone who loves family above all else and enjoys spoiling them.
She sure didn’t seem appreciative to the dress store for getting her another dress.
Am I blind cuz I can't see what's damaged on the dress
I fail to see, how those dress are ruined. Also it always amase me, how much money they spend, lol. Mine was hand made for 320 € (most expensive dress I ever bought).
Bet I could have saved the dress.  My mother and grandmother were both laundresses and I learned all the tricks.  The dress got stained because the dry cleaner cleaned it in the used fluid.  You have to use fresh fluid for wedding dresses which is why the cost to have them cleaned is so high.  It is possible to save a dress if you know what you are doing
I’m happy for the second bride and her dress looks incredibly beautiful on her but why did she go out in the sun and get tan lines?
She should sue the dry cleaners
Can y’all please enable captions on your videos when you upload? Some of us need them please 🙏
Outrageous that the tailor wouldn’t take responsibility for this. I’d 100% take them to court.
I love that they're going above and beyond to find the same dress at another srore to help her get her dream dress
If that second bride wanted a sweetheart neckline, she should have tried on a dress WITH a sweetheart neckline.
I would think that between the tailor and the dry cleaners one or both should have to purchase a new dress for her.
She looks like a queen. Beautiful!
The Taylor and the Dry Cleaner probably paid for the damage dress already. And she is using that money to pay for the new dress.
I wouldn’t be nearly as calm as bride #1 if I had to pay for the same wedding dress twice. She’s gonna have to deal with the tailor and the cleaners trying to make things right after her wedding. What a mess!
My only question is why did the tailor send the dress to a drycleaner in the first place?
That dress is hideous lol
That tailor should be footing the bill for that second dress. It’s their fault it was destroyed
I hope the girl sued the tailor!!
Pagare due volte??Dovevano pagare loro.
I can't understand why any bride would want to wear satin. It looks like a messy bed sheet on her. Just my opinion.
I feel so sorry for western women...in pakistan india they will make exact replica in less then amonth. They can alter and design as you want. I designed ( like changed 100 new things at the shop ) and it was all done and delivered in 26 days... and our clothes are full of bling and color. So lots of work is going on.
I don't trust those dry cleaners in the States. They don't know how to use those dry-cleaning machines. They destroyed my beautiful white silk gown.
I would have sued the "dry cleaner" for every dime they had. Serious breech of contract.
Tailor would've been sued
Question: Why didn't she just pay Kleinfeld to alter the dress? Now she has to purchase another dress! 😅😅
All this fus just to get married,
Can they find a different skirt they could add the top too?
You have to sue the tailor and the dry cleaners...it's the only chance to get even some of the money back.
Vera is the fairy Godmother of Kleinfields!  They better be having apprentices learning under her.
Why on Earth would you send it to a dry cleaners? It's a brand new wedding dress
Could the tailor have hired it out to somebody else during the wait... and it was damaged during cleaning?
There's hope...I am the gate; whoever enters through me (Jesus/God) will be saved. They will come in and go out, and find pasture. The thief comes only to steal, kill and destroy; I have come that they may have life, and have it to the full. John 10:9,10 Repent/believe Jesus loves you live 4 Him!
The first bride was so sweet.
3rd July... thats my birthday!!
My goodness the second girl should have said she wanted a sweetheart neckline instead of an a-line frame.
Why did she take the dress to a tailor in the first place???
get over yourselves..50 50 chance you will get divorced.
Don't need to wash ur dress
they are all ugly
I call bs. I had a skirt....a simple skirt but designer, given to the wrong customer and after weeks of waiting for a return, I made the cleaners pay me to reimburse me for the cost of the skirt. She could have done the same
Bride hoping for a free dress huh?
i thought Kleinfields handled all of the work.... They really should have turned her away because she effectively ruined the dress.
I hope that guy has to pay for the new dress just horrible! Happy she is able to get another one, she looks beautiful in it 😇
The dress is soo gorgeous!
thanks
I hope she gets reimbursed by the tailor.
Whoever had it cleaned without your consent should be paying for the dress and that way you only pay for the replacement. If they aren't gonna pay for it then I would go ahead end file a claim or Sue the seamstress...
The replacement dresses could've been tailored to adjust the issues they had with them.
Most everything will go smoothly if you think of your wedding day as just a party with your family & friends to celebrate your love & start of your marriage.  Stop putting so much pressure (& $) on a single day.  Yes, it's a special day, but it's still only one day. It's the rest of the days of your marriage & life that you hope are special, happy, & memorable.  Will those days all be perfect?  Hell no!  Doesn't mean that they won't be special or important too. Brides, take the pressure off of yourself.  Let it go & have fun instead.
Surely the tailor that damaged the dress pays to replace it?
So I'm not sure why the dry cleaner didn't pay for the dress?
This is so sad. The tailor broke the zipper on my dress and never told me. It was an unpleasant surprise when I went to zipper it up right before my dance. I had a dress for the ceremony and one for the dance and this was the latter one 😢.
Stop comparing with first dress
She should bring her receipt to the tailor as well as the dry cleaner and say, “This is your mistake. I had to get a new dress. You’re paying for it.
I do hope that the dry cleaners paid for the dress they ruined
Why didn't she get dress altered at Klienfeld?? They would have treated dress properly.
Keisha looks so pretty in this episode. I love the eyeliner. She looks like a sleek spy.
I’m not big on lawsuits, but this was lawsuit-worthy. Maybe not the tailor if he/she was lead to believe the dry cleaner cleaned wedding dresses, but the dry cleaner for sure!
I loved the 2 dress on the 1st bride
Sue the dry cleaner!
So, it could be steam from a steamer…but also laundered…
Chances are that’s cleaning fluid streaks not water. The seamstress may have gotten it dirty so it had to be cleaned.  If the dress was polyester it would have washed just fine. The dry cleaner should have insurance to replace the dress. I do understand it might not be possible to find the same dress.
so glad I got married in ordinary clothes.
Tell me dear Taylor store - what in the name of all that is holy were you thinking???!!! You are a TAILORING SERVICE not a CLEANING SERVICE. IF the bride wanted it cleaned, SHE WOULD HAVE FOUND A CLEANING SERVICE. NOT YOU!!!! It’s the idiocy I cannot get over.
She’s right. None of the other dresses even came close to the first one. The color and the pearls are amazing.
I truly hope that the cleaners and the tailor paid for the new dress.
All this fuss over a dress. I just can't😂
To bad we did not get to see the finished product.
Putting a wedding dress in a WASHING MACHINE?!?!?
Probably an unpopular opinion, but I think the tailor did her a favor by ruining the original dress. 🫣 She looked better in the sweetheart neckline one. But everyone has their own taste so 🤷🏻‍♀️
Its the colour of the first one, and the fancy skirt. The colour was unusual and so stood right out.
Keesha!!
They destroyed a Reem Acra!!! She better have gotten reimbursed the thousands of dollars she paid for it.
The first bride looked lovely in the ivory/candlelight color as the bright white washed her out. The beading was exquisite. Glad Kleinfeld’s were able to find the exact style/size for her.
I hope she keeps the ruined one, because, it would make an EXCELLENT option for a shadowbox, or tearing out scraps of it as mementos WITHOUT actually ruining /her/ gown!!
Good lord. Life must be dreadfully rough for these ladies.
I wonder what the cleaning instructions are. Dry cleaners are supposed to follow those so if it gets ruined the manufacturer is now at fault.
Did the wedding store not do the alterations?  If so, they should have known not to wash it.
Props to the first bride keeping her calm. It makes a bad situation a little better. Kesha the consultant is beautiful.
A woman that cries that much about a dress is NOT ready for what is entailed in marriage. 🙄
yes, between the tailor and the dry cleaner, they should pay for the dress
It was so nice of Kleinfeld to hunt down the dress for her.  It really is beautiful.
I wonder if the tailor got something on the dress and the dry cleaner wasn't able to take the stain out.
Americans please learn how to spell correctly and how to use grammar properly.
I hope she sued the tailor and the dry cleaner or whoever was involved both of them and let them split the difference down the middle and I hope she got her money back in full if that was $4000 or whatever it was $5000 she should get it because that’s embarrassing. She bought the dress she has to go back the whole process to do that and when you shoot that show you have to be there for 48 hours if not more there’s not like what you see when it’s edited and they put it out there – it’s wrong. I hope she I am sure she did sue them. I’m sure they had to pay her out money because why like who would put that address is so dress like it so in, a washing machine like that irresponsible different different levels
Why did she take it to a tailor? Why didn't she have Kleinfeld's do the necessary alterations?🤔
sure klienfeld will help feed the frenzy to the bride that the dress is irredeemably ruined so as to sell her another dress
That's terrible and ruined...And the dry cleaners should be paying for it. She shouldn't be paying for it.
Putting a fcking WEDDING DRESS in a washing machine is a crime. Poor bride I felt so sad for her. 😢 Hope she got the new dress on time.
She tried to save a dollar and it cost her a fortune!  Sometimes it’s better to pay a little more than lose out completely!
She should sue for the cost of both dresses and for pain and suffering
With the first dress, the minimal damage sustained could’ve been covered up by adding some delicate detailing.  There’s always a way to make an attractive repair.  I’d have done that and kept the first one, honestly, no one would notice, by the time of the reception, the dress would be wrinkled and worn and probably have cake dropped on it.
Actually the new dresses were way better than the damaged one
Her original dress is _gorgeous!_ I'm so sad for her that this happened!! 😢
I won’t even go on a date and this woman is buying her wedding dress twice…. Are we even the same species?
Years ago I had a lovely crepe de chine dress which could only be cleaned by a dry cleaner so I took it to my local shop and picked it up 2 days later - it had an iron scorch mark right at the front! I was so upset and angry all at once! He denied he did it - he said I must have done it! I didn't! I'd only had the dress and worn it twice, I'd never ironed it! He refused to take responsibility for it. Thankfully a seamstress was able to cut out the panel and restitch it, it wasn't as full but at least I could wear it! I just don't trust dry cleaners.
I hope the dry cleaner paid her for the dress! If they didn't I hope she sued them!
It would have been more sensible to get all adjustments made through Kleinfields.
The second bride being hysterical about the neckline makes me worry how she’s going to handle adulting. It’s a dress! Too much focus on the wedding. It’s the marriage that matters. I got married in my parent’s living room in a borrowed dress and shoes. 42 years ago. Still happily together.
I hope she sued those people
2nd bride...if you wanted sweetheart neckline, you needed to buy a dress with a sweetheart neckline. Drama queen.
W o w...when her original dress was being packed around, I thought it looked gaudy and commonplace, but when she put it ON....😍😍😍 it is so stunning!!! I'm so glad for her that they were able to get it. (Hopefully she got compensated for the original dress cost by the tailor and the "dry"-cleaner!) Such a beautiful dress.
Who buys an expensive dress, and not let this outlet do alterations, instead go to a Tailor hv ur dress go to a dry cleaner...ur big day no short cuts
unfortunately in this situation because she needed time for alterations whatever  which would come with the replacement dress she had to put the money up front and probably did Sue the tailor and the cleaner after but could not do that ahead of time because she wouldn't have gotten the replacement dress in time and gotten it fixed in time to walk down the aisle sometimes you have to put the money up front as bad as it sucks unless you want to show up to your wedding naked
😳 wtf you mean pay twice??? No no no sweetie, SOMEbody would be payin for my new dress...and it wouldn't be me! 💜🖤💜
Regarding the second bride, good grief!!  It's a stupid dress that you're going to wear one day, for a couple hours.  Grow up!!!
The seamstress and dry cleaner should pay! Poor woman!
I think they just need to chill the fu*k out!! I don't see the point in stressing out over something so trivial as the neckline of a dress!! There are way worse things in life to stress about!! And as for the first bride the tailor should've been the on buying her a new dress!! That was just rediculous!!
I liked the square waisted dress better.
The dry cleaner should’ve paid 😡😡😳😳awful situation
That sniveling girl downstairs 🙄🙄🙄
The calendar in Joan's office says April 2009, so this was almost 15 years ago. Would be wonderful to know what happened since.
The child with the fake sweetheart neckline should've bought a dress with a sweetheart neckline! I'd tell her too bad!
How can you have a 'neckline' in a strapless dress?
Personally, I don’t see the damage. I’m sure it’s there and the camera just can’t show it right. I’m sure between the lighting and the veil, etc you really wouldn’t see the marks. I get why she’s upset and I would be too. Glad they can get the dress again
The first woman looks like Victoria Pedretti! aka so beautiful and I love her dress.
The second bride should be more concerned about the ugly tan and sunburn lines leading up to wearing a strapless dress. Those look horrible in photos and are entirely preventable.
I hope the they sue the tailor for the cost of the replacement dress
I can see why she loves that dress so much it's stunning. However, I don't think it's right that she has to pay twice when the dry cleaner destroyed the dress and they should pay her some kind of restitution.
The first bride is so stunning I’m so sorry that happened to her and she had to deal with this stress
I get that it’s frustrating that a dress got damaged, that being said it’s a damn dress yall, destroying someone’s livelihood and business over a mistake that damaged a dress?  Wonder why the divorce rate is so high with that level of petty bull.  Should they pay for a new dress? Absolutely, if the damage is their fault.  We don’t know what she agreed to have done either.
Dress #2 on Bride #1 was STUNNING on her! And I'd be suing that tailor...
I've never watched this episode beforeee! And it has to be old because randy looks young. How dare they withold thiss. it really is a nice surprise to stumble on a 'new' episode 😂
If I was that Tailor I would have offered to pay for it.  Why did a new dress need to even go to a dry cleaner?  The dry cleaner also should have been more competent.
In hindsight Lindsay should have has her original dress altered at Kleinfeld.
I don't understand why they have to order the dress that early. In India, you get custom made wedding lehengas ( which have much more intricate designs) within 2-3 months.
Surely she claimed the cost of the new dress from the negligent Taylor and he in turn claims off the cleaner.
Miss her
The way she brought d the dress in a pothyn bag like its of no value
Everyone is talking about suing, meanwhile I'm wondering why she just didn't have it altered like adding some sequins or stones or something the stains were not super dark or extensive so alterations seemed doable. And they would not cost her another five grand.
I would wash the dress - best would be to have it in the delicate program of the washing machine (it is better than hand washing ! meaning less likely to cause mechanical damage). The drums are larger and humans cannot resist to brush and squeeze. Maybe soaking it before in a more intense detergent solution. The stains may go out with that.  Even using ox gall soap as pre treatment would be an option (I guess the seamstress got some stains on it and tried to hide the fact). Then drying it lying on a rack. No spinning in the machine. just pumping away the water. The carefully taking out the full package of fabric (it is heavy so seams could tear if you do not pay attention). Then very carefully using an old clean, dry towel (or several) to get most of the moisture out.  When it has dried so it is only a bit moist it can be hung on a well fitting hanger. A dress form would be even better (just it has to be covered with plastic so no stains and no moisture going into the dress form). Else it will be a hanger. Some fabrics hang our beautifully when they are hanged dripping wet - not sure about this. The garment is so heavy.  Also dry cleaners have forms to hang garments over and then they are smoothed out with vapor. That could take care of the wrinkles.
The question is why did she go to the tailor in the 1st place? What fixing did the dress need?
My tailor ruined my saree blouse and she waited till one week before the wedding to show me the blouse. I was furious but my family scolded me for being silly saying it's just a blouse.
Ask the tailor to pay
I would've sued both the tailor and the dry cleaning company.  1: It was never confirmed that the tailor had permission to send the gown to the drycleaners 2. There were damaged marks on the dress that looked like both the tailor and washing machine did. 3. The bride ended up having to pay for the same gown twice. That was an additional thousands of dollars. 4. The bride most likely still had to pay for both the tailor and the drycleaners, even though they ruined her dress.  This is so heartbreaking. She did a great job of keeping it together.
Dress 1 is beautiful... Of course she's stuck on it.
What kind of tailor was that?
I love her attitude and understood that everyone has their own preference. But the dress she tried on last was actually very nice on her, better than her original one.
👑👑🔥🔥👏🏾👏🏾🖤🖤💜💜🧡🧡❤❤👑👑🔥🔥👏🏾👏🏾🖤🖤💜💜🧡🧡❤❤✌🏾✌🏾🇸🇴🇵🇸
I BET there' no dry cleaner and she washed the dress herself in the washing mashine and didn't want to take the blame. Otherwise there would be an insurance claim and she wouldn't pay twice for the same dress 😂
I can relate to this. My first wedding dress, (6 weeks before wedding),shrunk when dry cleaned. It was a mad dash, by my very talented MOH to make me a new one.
Imagine being so privileged that you burst out crying and whinge to a camera because there is not a sweetheart neckline on an overpriced dress you will wear once
Should have used the trusted tailors of Klienfelds
My estranged sister poured cooking oil on my wedding dress and resealed the box. Not sure how many days it was like that. My wedding was in a week when I discovered what she had done. My neighbor, as a wedding gift, took it to the cleaners and it came out. My dress was perfect. I moved out of the house that night instead of after the wedding. Right as I left I went up to her and told her my dress was cleaned and perfect in time for the wedding.
The original dress is beautiful
This girl kinda looks like a mix of Lin Denlin and Amanda Young from Saw.
The tailor should have been held responsible since this technically was NOT their own dress and it was their JOB to ensure the dress was sent to a PROPER dry cleaner who handled wedding dresses. The TAILOR should have taken responsibility for the damages or to ensure she had her dress. This original ruined one should have been with the tailor and the tailor should have given her the new one ALL EXPENSES PAID. I feel outraged for this bride to actually go through with this looking for a new dress or some way to salvage it. It was NOT her fault and to see her laugh it off play it cool when I would have been so furious in her position...that takes courage. I hope she had the most beautiful wedding and she was happy.
Randy makes me feel like everythings going to be OK ❤🌠
Why is the first bride having to pay for a 2nd gown??  The dry cleaners is responsible for ruining her dress and needs to compensate her.  I wonder why they didn't and she didn't pursue it?  That would be the first thing I'd do and if they refused I'd sue them.  It was a really pretty gown and she was right - the other two just weren't her.  I'm glad they were able to find her the exact gown.
I would sue the person that sent it to the cleaners
I’d sue!
The girl crying wanting sweet neckline she is like a child that cry for whatever she wants
I hope she sues the tailor and the dry cleaners!
With the second girl, I'm sorry but if you couldn't do a sweetheart-neckline to with that type of dress, then it's the boutique's fault for not telling the bride earlier.
This is a job for Judge Judy!!!
I hope she sues the tailor
Why didn't the tailor and the dry cleaner split the cost since they were responsible?
Second story gives me hope thru my panic attacks
Sue both of them
The color of her original dress is horrible on her .
The second dress she tried on suited her the best
That first dress was ugly.
Assuming she bought the original from Kleinfelds, why didn't she trust Vera to do the alterations?
I would sue for sure.
Bought a dress that wasn’t a sweetheart neckline… expected the alterations to remake the dress? Hmmm that’s a pretty big “ miscommunication “.
why wasn't it altered at kleinfeld's? why did she go to a tailor?
My question is why did a brand new dress need to be dry cleaned in the first place?  Did I miss something?
Sue, sue, sue
The second bride if she wanted that neckline why didn’t she buy one with a sweetheart neckline? It’s just a dress. Look i get emotional over stuff, but she should’ve bought a dress with the kind of neckline she wanted.
Sending love to consultant Keisha! My all time fave, she was always so honest and real but attentive
Sorry Randy but you can find any dress, but you cannot replace your man! It is sad that people put so much importance on a one day dress. Most people don’t even care what the bride wears at all. My sister in law rented her dress and now 22 years later, she no longer remembers it.  If that happened to me, I would have gotten a different dress. There are just so many different styles.
Dry cleaners would have to pay for it.
I am no expert in stain removal but if I was in the same position I would have first have the dress cleaned at a reputable dry cleaner or wash it in the tub. Yes you can wash many dresses in the tub, not all depending on the decoration. Let it drain until it stops dripping and then hang it up to dry. You'd be amazed at the stains and yellowing you can remove from fabric with Oxygen bleach. Also as many have already stated the cleaners or tailors should be held responsible for the replacement costs.
I know someone to whom this same thing happened the week before her wedding. The dry cleaner melted her dress in the press.  They told her it was her fault because they assumed they were REAL pearls which wouldn't have melted. hahahaha She had to sue to get the cost recouped and had to wear a borrowed dress.
The tailor should be paying for this!!!
From the fabric viewpoint those stains from the dry cleaning isn't removable. Those fibers were damaged from heat & the fluids used for dry cleaning making it look like wrinkles bit it isn't. That tailor & dry cleaners should compensate this poor woman for the damages done by their carelessness.
I'm curious why she sent the dress to a tailor if she had it fitted at Kleinfeld when she bought it. Is that a thing people do often?
So the tailor is no being sued??????????/
Wow! That dress IS beautiful. It's such a shame that someone ruined it for her. It looked perfect on her. I hope she can sue and get at least some of her money back and get a little for emotional damage. Edit: that turned out great! It was awesome of them to work so hard to find that same dress for her.
That dress is lugy!
Why did she or seamstress bring it to a dry clean the dress was never worn. I would sue the seamstress for sending it to a dry cleaner that crazy.
Ask the dry cleaner to pay for it. This is sad.
That secnd dress was so beautiful.  I wish dome brides didnt freak out about an insignificant issue. A half an inch of te neckline isnt going to matter
I hope she sued the tailor and dry cleaner.
She shouldn't have to pay for a new one. Sue them.
Did Keisha beet cancer?? Haven’t seen her in a while.
WHAT is going on with the second bride?!?! She’s hysterically crying over a neckline?!?!?!
I'm not sure that a dry cleaner wakes up one day and says to themselves, "Hey, I think I'll risk my business and put this expensive wedding dress in a washing machine." I think someone close to the bride or who knows, maybe even the bride herself tried using the washing machine to get the stain out. Her story just didn't sound completely true to me.
I hope the first bride sued the tailor and dry cleaner
Kesha is gorgeous and appears to be a very nice person.
She should sue the dry cleaner who ruined her first gown.
I'm totally mystified how such a thing could happen, but obviously someone screwed up.  Expensive mistake, and hopefully the bride was either able to sue or the tailor/dry cleaner will accept the blame and file a claim on their business insurance.
She needs to sue that drycleaner. No question, same thing happened to me, not my wedding dress, but a very expensive dress, I sued him and WON!!
All the cleaner had to do was removed the chalk marks that the tailor left instead of submerging it in water..
Get the dry cleaner to pay for 2nd dress. Crazy!
I guess they are gonna hafta sue the dry cleaners and or the tailor who sent it to them. Just not enough time before the wedding to recoup the price of the second dress, but she can sue after the honeymoon.
My first question is where did she get the dress from in the first place that it had to go to a tailor. If she got it from Kleinfeld the first time why did it need to go to a tailor?
Always have alterations done where you purchase dress!!!!!!
The 1st one should have taken the tailer to court
Oh gosh, that poor bride.. A tailor sending the bride’s dress to a dry cleaner that destroyed it?  She definitely needs to sue the tailor and the dry cleaner.
The second dress was ugly. I wouldn’t have bought it in the first place! 😂
Some of these complaints are legitimate but some of them are pretty trivial to me
Whoever ruined her first dress….. should pay for it.
Pay for the same dress twice! I would have demanded the tailor to cover the expenses of the new dress. Wth.
Love you Randy!😍😘🥰
As someone who does alterations this scares me! I'm always so carefully with wedding dresses, and I've done well with every one I have done. But I'm still nervous lolol
I hope the people who damaged the dress will pay for it so they can get you the dress
Im glad the tailor told her to stop crying that’s ridiculous.
Im a seamstress. Never, not once, in the gajillion wedding gowns I have altered, have I ever needed to send a dress to a dry cleaner.  The tailor got something on it, or  let someone wear it. This looks like it went through a heavy duty washing machine. (Full truth here, wedding gowns CAN be put in a washing machine...in fact, man cleaners do just that) because most wedding gowns are polyester. Buuuuuut there is specific  a way to do it. This wasnt it.
I want Sloan a very nice rayon Blazer to a friend of mine who put it in the washing machine after wearing it. Now my thought is if you just wore it somewhere and it's a Blazer you wore it over something and there's no need to wash it. And why would you wash it anyway
Could be a sign?.....
I hope she was compensated for the dry cleaners mistake.
That tailor should've paid for the ruined dress!
I am so impressed with the first bride. She was not hysterical, just focused on getting her dress. Whatever happens with the tailor and the drycleaner is secondary.
They shouldn't be working as a dry cleaner/ tailor if they don't realise the importance and sensitivity of certain fabric and how easily it can be ruined!
I wonder if the tailor didn’t spill something on it and then quietly tried to fix the problem
The IDIOT who destroyed the dress should PAY to REPLACE what they destroyed!
I've had a dress ruined by a dry cleaner before--mercifully not a wedding dress--but it did take a message from an attorney I know to get them to pay for the dress. I hope she took them to the cleaners to reimburse her!!
The second bride wanting a deep sweetheart should just get over it.
She will sue the tailor and dry cleaner and get her money back, maybe with some extra.
I would never pay twice for a wedding dress. I'd rather go to the altar in white jeans and T-shirt 😂
WHY would the tailor send a bride's wedding dress to the dry cleaners if they were just making alterations for the dress? And CLEARLY, this dry cleaner either didn't know how to clean a wedding dress properly or there was some disaster that happened, for the dress to come back looking THAT BAD. Why didn't they clear this with the bride FIRST and let HER decide if the dress needed to be cleaned? I absolutely agree that the tailor and the dry cleaning establishment needs to foot the cost of getting the bride a new dress, since it was ENTIRELY THEIR FAULT that the original dress was ruined...and you could even argue they should pay her something for emotional damage, considering her wedding is coming up very soon and now, she has no dress. I would be stressing out in that situation myself.
You're only getting married no executed .. save money save stress keep it simple..
I'm so confused why they didn't sue the tailors and paid again???
I hope the dry cleaner (or the tailor who wasn't asked to send it anywhere but did so anyway) is going to pay for the dress. Who can afford to buy two? Judging by these programmes it's the biggest expense of the wedding.
For everyone saying why did she try to be cheap by taking it to an outside Taylor. You do realize many brides travel there to buy the dress but don’t actually live there right?  She probably took her dress for alterations where she actually lives.
They didn't refund her? What???
I just love everyone at this location. They are so caring.
If a bride damages a dress it is her fault
Seems to me that if the tailor sent her dress to the cleaners without her permission, they both are responsible. If the tailor said he/she would send it, then the dry cleaners is responsible. Tough situation. I hope it was resolved to her satisfaction and she and her groom are doing well.
Klinefelds is amazing!
The first bride I can relate too. I got married in 2004 and had my dress ordered and paid for. The owner of the store took everyone's money and gambled it away instead of ordering our dresses. Me and some other brides was taken to another bridal shop and they was able to get me the dress I ordered but I never got my money back and still don't no what happened to the owner.
Fix it or make it good? The sweetheart neckline 😬
Sue the bastard.
this woman is being dramatic. get another damn dress
Should have made the dry cleaners to pay for it f that
😶 Y the heck do they keep putting her back in the ruined dress??
She should have had Kleinfeld’s alter it and NEVER dry clean it.
If the second bride is crying such buckets of tears over the [perfectly fine, just not what she wanted] neckline of the dress, I shudder to think how she’s going to hold up when ‘real life’ throws her a curveball. Who knows, maybe something else was going on, and the neckline was just the trigger. 🤷‍♀️
I hope she sued them on judge Judy
Her gown was satin of course you don't wash satin it should've been dry cleaned. She shouldn't have to buy it a second time the tailor and dry cleaner should have to pay for it they're the ones who RUINED IT!!
With the second bride why was she told it could be sweetheart if it could not be done on the dress 👗
The tailor and the dry cleaner have liability insurance that should cover the cost of replacing the damaged dress.  She should not have had to pay for a replacement dress at all.  The dry cleaner should have told her up front before attempting to clean/launder the dress that it could be damaged.  These two 'businesses' should be OUT of business if this is how they operate!  I do hope she pursues getting a reimbursement for the cost of the second dress.  Given how young Randy looks, this may have taken place over a decade ago!
The taylor and dry cleaner should have paid for the second dress.  This was a total nightmare for this bride.  Kleinfeld's to the rescue.
I am glad they were at least able to get her the dress 👗 I hope she sued the dry cleaners for ruining the original dress 👗 and got her money 💰 back planning a wedding 💒 is enough stress and expense without this
the first dress is gone, don't try to replicate it, replace it
Hope this bride sues the dry cleaner /tailor, as they should pay for the replacement dress!!!
I love all the consultants at Kleinfeld!!
The 1st bride w/ the destroyed dress *took it to an outside tailor/cleaner* It wasn’t Kleinfeld’s fault, so that’s why she’s *obligated* to pay for the same dress twice.  Edit: All cleaners in America do tailoring. I never said it was cleaned 😘
Couldn’t they have got a new skirt onto the top? The skirt was so lovely
Why didn’t she just add appliqués to the dress to cover the puckering and stains?
Buy the dress and pay for tailoring in the same place even if it’s expensive. But as you don’t take the dress home, you’re not responsible. She should sue the tailor, since this was the person who took the dress to the cleaners.
The tailor should be paying for the replacement, although that may take time.
why is she paying the 2nd time....the seamstress/ dry cleaner should pay
Why noy just softly iron the dress?? It s so beautiful!!
D destroyed gown was actly sad...I'm glad it gt destroyed bt den she mngd to gt another one 🤦🏻
It is a lovely dress. I hope she can collect from her tailor. Doubtful. How horrible.
Just wear original dress.  It looks ok. Nothing needs to be perfect.
I think the dress of her dreams that she needed to replace from damages is simply a blah boring dress.
I m so happy they found the same dress again. Looks so good on her I would sue the talor and drycleaner for shure!
They keep saying that dress is "destroyed," but I can't see what's wrong with it....?? I see no staining or lines. Maybe it's bad lighting or camera not picking it up and it looks just awful in person, but it looks fine to me.
She should make the tailor and dry cleaner pay for the dress they destroyed
what if the poor girl can't afford a new dress?
She handled it do well. I don't think i would still want the same dress. The experience would make me want something totally different.
I would have asked the person who sent the original dress to the dry cleaners and the dry cleaners to pay for another dress, that is, if they can get the dress in time.
You shouldn't need to pay twice, the tailor should be insured and claims the money against their business insurance.
The WASHING MACHINE??? That's basically sabotage 😭 I would sue
I hope the 1st bride sued the tailor and dry cleaner for destroying her dress.
Well Randy, I really like you, but “replacing a dress you like is like finding a new guy before the wedding “ is a bit of a stretch…..
Anche a me è successo😏😔
I would get it dyed then sell it
I would have been in tears.
