I love watching your debunking videos! So fun and u learn something from it everytime
I can’t handle the husband smacking while eating 😂
Showing clips of koala rescues won't make me want to support animal rescue groups. Koalas are trash animals that need to go extinct ASAP.
so you say too much salt is bad...... but is it? do a deep dive on salt please, actually try debunking that salt is bad.
Ok, but someone tell me how to make black and burgundy icing as i have a party coming up and thays the coulor they want.
You have a very diplomatic way of leading the audience to come to the conclusion that these food hack people are overt liars and are full of it.
The turtle one made me so sad
Late to the party, but the turtle info was horrid, some of us are truly evil.
Tik Tok = zero common sense
Maybe it would have been good to do a rinse between tasting on the first one.  ~~~ Props to Daring Dave.
I know is not related and you won't suppose to say that, but, you look stunning!!!
Your hubby is such a good sport. Bravo to him for doing this for so many years!
Dave is such a good sport, bless his heart.
When making taste tests you always need normal water and a small piece of white bread in between to clear your taste buds.
i won’t watch those video rescue anymore …
Ginger milk pudding is called 撞奶
The potato hack must work at least mildly. When making a stew with potatoes, you can definitely taste any added salt in the cooked potatoes.
He should rinse his mouth after every slip. And the salt, sugar and viniger como is a salad dressing.
Alright seriously the "darkening" and all that with the icing is just STUPID... so you're going to make perfectly usable frosting/icing. Then dirty a second bowl to destroy the fluffy airy icing to "darken" its color. But then you're going to get an ice bath and another bowl and more time and dirty dishes... ALL A WASTE OF TIME.... seriously that is one of the most TIME WASTING "hacks" I've ever seen... especially as it isnt a hack at all and just complicates and ruins what you are making!!   Want a better "hack???" Okay so hear me out here cause it gets complicated... but if you add a color and its not dark enough. JUST ADD A TINY AMOUNT OF BLACK FOOD DIE......   Like really why are we going to go through ALL OF THAT just to do something 2 seconds with a drop of black dye would completely solve. Why are we making things more complicated for NO REASON?!?!🤦
lol 10:44
id be curious if the potato would help if the salt wasnt mixed in, like if the lid fell in and you accidentally added too much salt that way
I love how you always end your videos with asking us to be kind to others😊
When you blend sugar in a blender you might get warm enough to turn brown and caramelize a tiny bit. If her frosting was blended for a very long time, maybe she caramelize it a bit
I like to bring a soda on my cross country flights as they're extra fizzy because at 5,000 ft there's less pressure.
Knew the potato one years ago ,it does work with food in the water and you need whole potato
Is there a way to make something more "airy" (light and fluffy) without lightening it? I know even white candy is done that way but it feels like a challenge.
Ah yes, exploding eggs. I did that by accident like... nineteen years ago? I tried hard boiling eggs, peeled and cut my first one, it wasn't finished, so I put like two in the microwave to see if I could finish the center. Boom. Learned a lesson that day.
7:50 😮😮😮😮😮
Smoothness is an illusion.  Teflon for example. Billions of tiny “hairs” on the surface that are supposed to keep the food from touching the actual surface of the pan.
I missed this first time....😮 My nan used to say potato rescued oversalted food. I never tried it but I  did once put a chunk of bread in my casserole which soaked up the gravy, then I  added more water, which worked a treat.  I also just diluted once, without the bread, which also worked, but the finished casserole seemed to have less flavour when it was done, than when I  used the bread rescue method.  That was in the early days when I was a novice cook .... I  try hard not to oversalt nowadays, and often use less salt than recipes call for, because people can salt their food to their own taste then. 😊  Those animal rescue videos can be horrible because you never know whether they're real or set up.  I try to check out the originator before watching, and if I  can't find out I dismiss the video. If genuine, you'll usually find the organisation or person posting the video, and you can then see if they're genuine.  I only watch the videos I can be sure aren't  fakes. I don't know if reporting the fakes to YouTube does any good  but I  do it anyway.
Not a fan of the swallowing noises. Im sure the people who are unbothered by them would be fine seeing them go, but those of us with misophonia have a hard time enjoying your videos.
Poor Dave LOL
milk pudding 11:50
I once saw an animal rescue video where a cat was found very near death, and it should have been euthanized.  I believe the "rescuers" tried to treat it more for clicks, the publicity, and possible donations it would bring.  It seemed in such wretched condition that, IMO, it was very unkind not to simply put it down.  I also noted that the "rescue" video was the only one; no follow up with a healthier or revived cat months later.  I have to assume it died, and the "rescuers" did not want to admit it.  To make it clear, this was not the USA so I doubt there were any real controls on the treatment of animals. Not quite the same as deliberately harming the animal to begin with, but still a downside to rescue videos, and a reason for viewers to have a very skeptical eye.   Certainly if anyone wants to donate, do all your research that the recipients really do the care for animals they claim.
If potatoes don't absorb the salt why do we salt potatoes when we cook them 🙀
So at 0:30 I've used potatoes to absorb the burnt flavor of a gumbo roux I accidentally burned.  Obviously, you can just not burn the roux at all and that would be preferred, but the potatoes really saved my rump
There's also fake animal rescue videos that include injecting blue liquid into the animal after the rescue but you can tell that those videos are reversed and they're actually killing the animal with that injection. Because actually you don't inject animals in order to save their lives unless you're actually a veterinarian and you definitely would not just record yourself injecting animals in your home. I saw one with a chameleon and once I saw that one with the chameleon and saw them injecting I was like this video is reversed I can tell and they actually injected the poison into the chameleon and the beginning of the video was actually the end where the animal was dying😢
Youtube doesn't mind mistreatment of animals?? Make that $$$.. I guess
I think I missed this video when it first came out. Nice video as always
I found with animal rescue videos, typically the channel name will have their organization name but also instead of the animal being stuck on the thumbnail it’ll be a thumbnail of the animal after they get them out and are being treated. So instead of being stuck in rubber it’ll be wrapped in a blanket or just getting out of a bath
I think the big thing for the viewer to remember in regards to animal videos is that is there actual animal control people involved, or veterinarians, or someone of knowledge to explain what's going on. I think the people who just sit at a table and "save animals" are clearly the ones actually harming animals in the first place, whereas a video of a genuine rescue will be complicated, have lots of moving parts (as in we want to do this, but this conflicts because it would endanger the animal more etc)
Interesting channel, but man... 2x speed is required.
Can we just appreciate that Dave actually swallowed the water rather than just having a taste! This one is 100% people not listening properly in high/secondary school lessons. They've taken the osmosis practical where you put potato in water or in salty water. The potato shrivels in salty water, it's not going to draw the salt in!
Impregnating paper straws with wax would stop them getting soggy, stop them sticking to your lips, reduce fizzing, still be biodegradeable, be easy to manufacture.
Referring to the false animal rescues, I have actually reported them as I come across them. Like you say, we want to see animals rescued, but we don't want to see and animal 'rescued' that was put in the dangerous position in the first place. One I reported was letting kittens almost die, then found it in the nick of time and saved it. Thee kittens were put in a shallow cave and a snake was also put there when the person found them and rescued them. It is so sad. The only thing anyone can do is to report the video.
reasons to hate paper straws: fizzes the beverage if put too quickly... leaving more sugar water instead of sugary pop
With the exploding egg, would it still work if you let the egg cool before giving it to someone? That way would it be safer? Not planning on pranking anyone but would just be interested to know!
PS never waste I ate it🤭
Frosting it's the weird liquid blue&smaller amt&hand mixer still tiny bit lighter but hard 2see with the blue-but denser
Wait is a normal moose, not just cream and chocolate
Wow. Some random algorithm got me sent to your videos, and I was like, "Yeah, debunking...whatever." But your treatment of the ginger milk pudding has completely converted me: It's 100% legitimate, somewhat difficult to execute, yet carried out flawlessly by thousands of grandmas just in the single district I worked overseas.
Less liquid = more concentrated salt = saltier. How can people not know such absolute basics?
The potato hack actually works and is pretty common in Germany. But you put a big whole potato in the soup, after removing the peel. And it only works on slightly oversalted soup.  The salt to potato ratio in this video was way off
That ginger milk pudding reminds me of junket.
I wonder if the reason everyone got it twisted about potatoes making food less salty is they're high in potassium and it **is** true that ingesting more potassium will help your body counteract the negative effects of over consuming sodium.
Will you try to recreate the viral Dubai chocolate?
Hi Ann, I had a wild question. An episode of NCIS seasons 22 episode 10 "Baker's Man" Mentioned that someone made a Meringue with 76% cocaine. My roommate and I were wondering if this was logistically possible to do although we're pretty sure not. lol I know.
I don't know about the potato hack. I cook a lot with potatoes and noticed the same thing as the lady's grandma
the turtle thing is enraging. they often love being scratched gently or brushed on their shells, and you'll even see them wiggling their butts like a dog when they get a good butt scratch! the thought of people destroying their shells like that is horrific.
Its Nucular!  Edit I only watch reacue videos from people who run legit rescue organisations, who are open and accountable.  When I find an organisation I trust, I subscribe, and I avoid the "algorithmic" video feed.    Unfortunately, personal diligence is the only solution to exploitative clickbait.
One way to detect the animal rescue fakers is to see if it's a 3rd world country that's in poverty, I'm in no way condoning what they do but they will do anything, even do deceptive & shameful acts. I cannot really trust content that's originated from some Asian countries
Gotta love it when youtube clickbait generating channels lie about their results. You can clearly see the 3rd frosting is less airated.  Also, the science is very clear and well known as to why the colour is lighter with more air. There's no mysterious trick going on here.
if someting is to salty just add more water, or if its a tomato sauce for example more tomato
The first potato hack kinda works, but not like in the TikTok, I used to hear this tip from my grandma but it wasn’t just one piece of potato, but more like, if it’s too salty/spicy per volume of food, add more bland/unsalted components into the mix. And since we used to eat potatoes with pretty much every hot dish (in true German fashion lol), adding potatoes was just the go-to fix, but basically it’s just stretching out the amount of food per spice to balance out the flavor accidents lol
If you happen to have some chocolate and some whipped cream laying about, you can make a sort of mousse by melting the chocolate in the microwave and mixing in some whipped cream (you can just eyeball the measurements till it looks good to you). I saw this one on tiktok and tried it and it works fine if you’re really craving mousse for whatever reason and don’t feel like going out and buying the ingredients LOL
13:48 Lmaooooo i’ve done that on accident 😂😂😂
Every time i watch these, i cant help but feel for Dave, always ready to take one for the team lol
IDK if this is related to the 1st experiment but if you let instant noodle absorbing the broth and expand, the broth will become more and more saltier
Dave I think it’s time to ask for a raise, they really put you through the wringer.😊
Get that man a sick bucket, all that salt!!
great channel, you and dave are great.. chris, uk
11:27 Dave is brave to do that 🤣
To decrease saltiness with potato, the potato would have to be grated I guess.
Potatoes wont soak up salt from water but rice does and pasta.... ive over salted all 3 many times and i know potatoes are the only one not ruined by the excess salt!
My mind just jumps straight to, is it possible that her food colouring is oxidising?
Hello! Watching the turtle abuse hurt me, as a animal shelter volunteer and AFO (animal freedom organization) member, i was wondering if you could make a video on antizoo, like is it wrong? Is it animal abuse to have a zoo? I'm not sure, so can you help?
If she really was able to rewhip to the same amount and get the darker colour, I imagine  the food colouring or the frosting itself oxidized. Since you aren't using the same food colour dye, the variation could be the stability of the colour of the dye in the presence of oxygen and/or heat.
Did Ann have Dave sign an NDA for her corporation?   If not, why not!   And, he's so cute!  The grin over the ginger pudding was adorable. Yes, I know it's not the same as being married to him.😂  But, he's still pretty, darned cute.  Do a video on him.😘
❤❤
Speaking of straws and effervescence, even *plastic* straws seem to have a fizziness problem when inserted into _canned_ soda, have done for a while. Moreso than they used to. And I wonder why that is.
PASTA STRAWS they are awesome and edible kinda expensive tho probably. But still awesome because they are not bad for the environment, not toxic for animals, and they stay hard for enough time that it’s not annoying to drink out of. You can also eat them after!
Ann, you are an inspiring creator. Thank you for making content to educate us and keep us safe. Across the Pacific in Tennessee, I'm figuring out what kind of career I want to have that helps keep people/the environment safe.
I learned not to put an egg in the microwave when my father shared a funny story with me.  He'd been traveling alone to a work thing and in the breakfast of the hotel he stayed at they'd served boiled eggs. The eggs however were cold. One of his coworkers picked up two eggs and put them in an available microwave. He'd remarked to my dad "I love boiled eggs, but they're so much better warm."  And dad had told me he remembered thinking something was wrong with that statement, but he couldnt figure out what.  The moment he heard the microwave beep it hit him. "HEY WAIT, EGGS CANT BE-"  _BOOM_ The egg exploded on the plate as the coworker was taking it out of the microwave. Eggs chunks were EVERYWHERE. Dad says the poor guy looked so dejected.
Of course.. the “C” is salty 🤣🤣
As an Indian, how the hell did the first hack not work? I've seen my mom use it when she accidentally adds to much salt, and it works. Though she uses a fully chopped potato and stirs it for some minutes before letting it simmer for some more time. Also it's usually done in curry and not plain water..... idk if that makes a difference but 🤷
But how exactly do I cook that Ann Reardon? Stew her? Boil her? Roast her?
I love your content and your videos. And I love all the different things that you do. The only reason that I am not a Patreon is because your videos are so few and far between. You probably have other things to do with your life, but I am spending my attention on people whosend weekly videos. Your videos are so sporadic you never know when you’re gonna get to see one. Again, you and your husband and your kids are so enjoyable to watch, but you just are not on here enough.😢
I keep warning everyone about animal rescue videos. People need to STOP clicking, liking and commenting on these videos. All of these actions HELP the video go viral, even negative comments!!!!
I haven't watched this channel for a spell, but I am so glad I tuned in. Anne should get into reading audiobooks. Her voice is so soothing and wholesome.
Which ones of these could you use stevia or erythritol instead of sugar?
I also learned from my mother, that adding potatoes helps ease the saltyness of the food. It usually works, but not with that small amount of potatoes, a lot more (at least adding a bigger sized potato, chopped up, or just sliced in half, you can add more, it depends on how salty the food is). I usually do that, when my soup turned out a bit salty and since our soups are not so thick as american, has much more liquid, adding back the water, that is gone while the soup is cooking also helps lessen the saltyness.
the biggest hurdle in all levitation magic is hiding the string lol
Regarding the frosting, my question is who the hell thinks that fake rainbow colored food looks appetizing? I'd rather eat a brown unfrosted lump.
Your husband willing to be poisoned for us  Mad respect
The idea of not just addin' more food colour confuses me. I am very sensitive to chemical tastes, so perhaps that's why I buy food colours that don't really have a strong, or perhaps even non-existent chemical taste. I have a green that I used to mess with my friends when they wanted me to try some weird chlorophyll water, so I added that food colour to my water instead n' dyed my tongue green. I couldn't taste it passed the water. My takeaway from this is that when everyone complains that addin' more will change the flavour, then ya need to reconsider the brand ya use, because any time I've had one that tastes like chemical, I haven't bought it again.
Poor Dave, thanks 😅. Such a brave guy!
Ann's husband is such a good man, he will put anything in his mouth to help with the debunking
C A K E  B A D
13:29 😊
honestly the frosting hack can be pretty useful but for decorative porpoises such as adding small little flowers to your cakes, or maybe even for the “happy birthday” lettering. i was thinking that this would be used for those that like to add little drawings in cake, i think a cute blue cake with a vibrant rainbow would look good, i would use this hack like that. not using that frosting as well, frosting, if that makes sense. i wouldn’t use it to cover my cakes but i would absolutely use that dense more vibrant frosting for small decorations. i may even use this for my next cake :)
The potatoes thing is true though... it's just that it's not going to work when you're just. Tasting random water. It works when you're cooking something more complex, i know it works because my mum does it all the time to make something she's cooking less salty and it works every single time.
The egg trend looks like a made-up online trend that someone six years ago would’ve mentioned as an example of what’s wrong with the Internet.
So the best coke and mentors combo is ice cold coke zero with fruit mentos
Ginger as junket!😮
To get a darker color, microwave the buttercream for a few seconds then let it set. That’s it.
The chocolate pudding is just a water ganache (substituting the cream with water). It’s great to use on drip cakes and can be used with (colored) candy melts too.
Rewatching this a year later because I do just really enjoy your videos and I just have two big notes on this one if you happen to see this comment. First and foremost I just appreciate it so much how you not only try to avoid drama but you hear it off fairly and simply by just flat out saying “hey, try this yourself, here’s some tips for getting good data” and letting the scientific method speak for itself. Second I just love how much you love food and it really shows in your videos that you’re here because you want to share all the cool stuff about food and desserts with people and you care, I’ve been going through a hard time lately and rewatching some of your videos has made me feel better today so thank you
Chilling the frosting will deepen the color.
My cousin microwaved an egg, but instead of cutting it in half, he unknowingly took a bite and it really burned his mouth badly. Microwaving eggs is no joke—don’t do it.
Mmm, Lindt chocolate 🤤😋
When I watch animal rescue videos, I always ask myself: how did the person videoing these events know to be there, right then, filming? If it's suspiciously convenient, or elegantly choreographed, I pretty much always decide it's faked.
I knew I felt more bubbles drinking with a straw and I find that annoying. That's why I don't use them.
Why he didn't spit the salty water? 😂
The potato in salt thing is so annoying, it's from an animated adult cartoon called Archer. The mad scientist says it in passing too.
I still remember being introduced to your channel simply because my closet friend refused to let me put a raw egg in the microwave, thank you for all you've taught me
There is one BIG problem I can see happening with people pranking someone with a microwaved egg. How many people cut into a hard-boiled egg? I just eat it straight away. Unless I’m boiling multiples and take one out and to see if the yolks are done to my liking, I’m going to just bite into it. That could be even more dangerous. The fact that those people being pranked cut into the eggs makes me think that they were specifically told to cut them open. That kind of prank is disgustingly dangerous, but thank god they didn’t just pick up the egg and eat it.
Im ur biggest fan
I really appreciate your use of the scientific method, I love your videos they're informative and I feel like I can trust your results more. I also like that you encourage the us to be skeptical and trying the easier/safer ones ourselves for more data.
Poor Dave 😂
It's so savage of Ann to garnish the chocolate water and serve it to her husband
8:00 That is just evil.
20:35 did you and the original poster use the same type of frosting?  That was a point of contention in her video, and if we’re crowdsourcing tests of this hack, that’s an important variable to control.
Any video with an animal in it is abusive!
Those fake rescue videos are so horrible. 😢
I had also heard (a long time ago) that you should put a potato in your oversalted dish because somehow the starch would absorb the salt or something along those lines.  I would be curious to know if Ann ever looked further into where that myth originated or if she's come across it in her old cookbooks.
the buttercream you're making is italian though, right? as far as i understand, swiss is when egg whites and sugar are warmed together on a double boiler and italian is when a sugar syrup is cooked separately from the whites
As far as adding a potato to mitigate oversalting, I've found that adding dehydrated potato flakes works if you're dealing with a sauce or something that can hold up to a thickening agent; IOW you are adding volume, and absorbing the dissolved salt with a relatively neutral agent that handles oversalting well.
I would like to see the potatoes hack with more potatoes because the purpose is to have a vector that will absorb excess salt Water so you would need an adequate sized vector. Such a small piece would have been insignificant multiple of those peices should have been added to test this better.
13:43 I’m old enough to remember when home microwaves were a new thing and cooking whole eggs in the microwave seemed like a good idea. It wasn’t. There were multiple injuries and all microwaves came with large warnings.
1) Frosting is dark and dense.  2) Add air bubbles, make it less dense.  Result? Frosting changed color from light blue to dark red, also gained sentience. Send help.
Physics Master's here Small thing with the spoons and batteries, it actually would make the quarter float if you an actual current going, depending on the size and direction of the current. What Ann showed was an example of electromagnetic levitation by using a permanent magnet. But, magnetic fields are generated by moving charges, or current. So this hack was attempting to show electromagnetic levitation, but didn't set it up right at all.
The first hack I remember seeing Martha Stuart doung in her tv sow back in the 90's.😂
i just realised she’s literally princess bubblegum in real life
The food coloring "trick" doesn't make any sense because it's the air that is making it lighter in colour. Obviously removing the air is going to make it appear darker, but if you then add that air back in you're back where you started.
The potato trick will work in soup or a sauce (to a certain extent) but not like that TikTok video. You need to use a large amount of potato. Not a slice, but a whole potato sectioned to 4-6 pieces.
I appreciate your optimism as always Ann, but it seems pretty obvious that the girl is lying about the frosting. She made a fake hack video for views, and now she's doubling down to avoid being called a liar.
Unless from a true animal rescue organization..ignore the video! Everytime you click, watch and respond..even to say it's fake or downvote...they make money! Theyre drugging, harming and hurting animals and it's big business! Foreign countries don't care about animals so it's nothing for them to hurt animals!
Well, from my experience the potato trick works but you have to simmer it for 30 minutes and it only fixes it if you slightly oversalted the food.
Never suggest that a YouTube or TikTok influencer is wrong, they don't take it well and will not only ignore your suggestions, but will just fake the results AGAIN. They're awful people.
I feel like the water can’t be all that salty, Dave keeps drinking it…. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I can't believe he just drinks that salt water almost like it's no problem and omg he just went backwards that's crazy. The egg thing is even more dangerous, if someone handed me a hard boiled egg I wouldn't have cut it open I would have picked it up and bit into it and I have to assume that would be extremely dangerous.
In the OG video with the coin and batteries, you can literally see the hole they punched in it to tie the string. The people who made it didn't even hide that lil hole 😭😭
I've done the potato thing. But a little slice isn't going to do the trick. You really need to add an amount that would be enough to serve as a side to whatever you're trying to draw the salt out of.
The potato actually works, but you have to simmer it for about an hour.  I've saved many a beef stew that way.
Actually the potato hack even my family and many other Indian families use and it is NOT debunked. Of course yes I agree in the experiment that u did there was not much difference in the saltiness, so maybe it works only in certain proportions I guess I don't know. But the reason I'm defending this hack is because if many families still use it for the purpose of lowering the salt then it has to work.... My mom when she was teaching me how to make sambar (a curry) I put a bit lot of salt... Not like A LOT of salt then there's no saving it obviously. But since it was just a bit salty my mom told me to put a few extra potato pieces into the curry and the taste actually got better, by which I mean it wasn't salty anymore... So it does work but of course it won't work if u put ALOTT of salt... But if it's like a bit salty and u put potato in it, it will balance the taste.... I hope my explanation makes sense 😅
That trick with the ginger in the milk explains what happened once.. The first time I ever had ginger beer, I drank it warm like an idiot, not knowing that was why it was burning so much, I decided to add milk. By the time I finished drinking the ginger beer, it had a soft cream in the bottom.
I guess TikTok really make us evolved backwards, doing danger stuff and doesn't mind the pain.
Fun fact, the Mythbusters tested Diet Coke and Mentos reactions in 2006. They used sweetener, carbonation, and nucleation as variables, and it was a bomb episode. That paper was from 2007, so they author was either working on it at the same time as them or did so afterwards.
can we talk about how disgusting Pranking has evolved to today?
“A hot chocolate that’s been in the fridge” You mean chocolate milk?
The fake animal rescue creators deserve whatever pain they inflict on a poor innocent animal to be returned tenfold  As someone who actually does rescue cats & dogs (my baby Maria was a feral kitten when I took her in almost 9 years ago) I am disgusted beyond belief How bloody soulless can one person be?
In terms of which animal rescue videos to click on, I would honestly say stick to watching them if there seems to be some kind of follow up, and if they are coming from an official organisation. I personally recommend the videos from Wildlife Aid Foundation. They are well presented, an offical wildlife helping foundation and they take you through their whole rescue process (they are also very entertaining as well, great presenters. and very educational.)
G-d Bless this Man! 😂 the things he has drank and eaten! 😂
Dave is such a real one for trying all these experiments 😅
Dave feels like the nicer gordon ramsay
20:50 thank you for always being truthful and not messing around
i hate paper straws but any straws extra bubbles affect is a treat
I don't think I'd be swallowing that water
I think the solution for harmful fake animal rescues lies with those doing the real ones&putting a warning;their logo&a donation address-It might help to let the phonies know it is clear to them&they will post that on their videos-This so burns me up esp after watching turtle rescue at a zoo program
The solution to fake animal rescue videos is quite simple actually, just make people aware like you did and ask to only click on those posted by known animal rescue organisations and to beware of the spelling. Sure, that wouldn't reach everyone, and some people might avoid real organisations instead of looking it up, and there are loads of people who just don't care or don't think it matters and click whatever is clickbaity enough for them, but it's a simple and obvious solution that will also help encourage people to be aware of scammers anywhere and check names and abbreviations before clicking. It's way better than checkmarks, which just encourages to avoid the problem and turn off critical thought and makes harmful channels seem more legit.
Dave: "Don't meme this."  Ann: *puts it on the thumbnail* 😂
The smaller batch would mean it's even harder to notice in the difference of volume and texture.
I honestly feel like you're doing a wonderful service for everyone and that the government should pay you for educating people.
Ann has literally been fighting eggs in microwave for years now. It's like everytime it comes back we collectively run to her like "Mom, they're doing the egg thing, AGAIN!"
Especially with the reuploading bit, YouTube could implement a recognition feature. If they take down a video or part of a video for eg. animal cruelty, they could automatically flag reuploads of videos that have a large enough overlap with the taken down video for manual review. It would need lots of resources I guess, and you would want the algorithm to leave other videos alone, but that's the only solution I can think that doesn't heavily impact the ease of channel creation for example.
The egg part reminds me of my college days, way back in the 1980's. This was still basically pre-internet, so getting information about things like this was a little more difficult. My roommates and I heard somewhere that it was impossible to cook an egg in the microwave because it would explode - so of course we had to try it. Sure enough, they blew up pretty spectacularly in the microwave. But I figured that this had to be because the egg was being cooked much more rapidly in the microwave (as seen by the fact that the exploded egg fragments were already hard boiled and it hadn't taken all that long to get this result). So I went through about as many eggs as I could afford as a poor student trying to adjust cook power and cook time in order to get a good hard boiled egg from the microwave. On my last attempt I thought I'd done it - no explosion in the microwave, and when I took the eggs out I was able to peel them without incident. Then I bit into one and it blew up in my face.
waittt i remember my mom putting multiple potaties dices into like food that was too salty and it worked! so why doesn't it work here? didn't it boil long enough with the potato? or is it that it doesn't work with regular water? idk!!!
I line cooked for many years and we used to use cooking chablis to kill the oversaltiness when we added too much.
I see a lot of those fake animal rescues in the reptile community. A dude was 'saving' an iguana that has been shot with an arrow or something and he pu s h e d it back into the iguana's head when he was 'saving' it as it was falling out. He then took it to his home and had it there with the arrow in its head for multiple days im pretty sure. There was a dude who did stuff with snakes too, maybe the same guy but he put these snakes that he had into a manhole and filmed him ''saving' them. The scale patterns of the snakes were matched to snakes from other videos of his. Those videos and other videos like them make me sick. How can someone do that to a living creature?
Should've told him it was diabetic urine for a laugh haha
Justice for Dave!😂
Hi there! The potato hack does work, but you have to put like two or three whole potatoes  in the dish and that sometimes is not desirable...  😂
13:34 is adorable 😁
I think in a lot of these 'Ann got it wrong' videos people misunderstand her point. So many times she's just saying that the 'hack' or suggestion isn't practical. A "hack," by definition should make a process easier, not just be true.  It's not practical to color buttercream to make it darker, only to also make it denser. She's always said it works, she just doesn't recommend it because it basically changes fluffy buttercream into sweetened, colorful butter.  Even if the color change did come from a more efficient distribution of the dye in the emulsion, the fact that the resulting frosting is denser means that either 1) the effect was at least partially caused by reducing the air in the buttercream or 2) the change in texture is a separate, unintended side effect of the hack that limits the usefulness of the frosting.   Even if the buttercream remains a shade darker than the original color after a second whipping, it's not such a significant change (either in this video or in the original creator's video) that you couldn't get it by adding more dye which would be less work for everyone.  It's not practical to eat kale or broccoli gram for gram in the same quantities you would drink milk, fortified orange juice or even eat yogurt.   Although a smoothie could work, it's probably not what most people would call a tasty, stand alone drink. Calcium is also more important to children and teens, so having it in a form they will readily consume is also important. (And post menopausal people, so drink your kale smoothies!)  It's not practical to buy two baking trays of exactly the same material in two different colors when the results aren't significant. That was her point in testing all of those different trays.   It's more important to pay attention to the material and thickness of the pans you have than the color. That's going to make the bigger difference in your baking.  People forget that useability, feasibility and practicality are important features of science, perhaps more so with a YouTube channel than in biochemistry.   Something could be deemed  statistically significant in a laboratory setting, but have no real-world value or application.
7:55 this is like that Operation underground BS ... People wanted to see women saved from trafficking, but it was literally putting women in danger
11:05 please, for the love of all that's sacred, do NOT melt chocolate in the microwave. If you want to melt chocolate, use a bain-marie. Putting chocolate in the microwave is a great way to ruin the container the chocolate is in or, worse, to get 2nd or even 3rd degree burns. I'm a bit surprised you suggested that, tbh...
You guys crack me up!  Your partner is  always willing to try your experiences, very funny!
I donot prefer the paper straw I didn't even put it in quater of the way and the sprite was all over my clothes and car seat
If it is possible to make the moose that way but just proportions to the ingredients are different like why not just show it as it is meant to be... I really don't understand why the need to fake something when it can actually be done. Love From Scotland xxxx 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Yay I love the turtle man I'm glad people are talking about these really important issues. ❤
the animal ones make me feel so sick....
Paper straws are not better for the environment.
I love your channel so much so I hope this doesn’t come across as rude but I feel like there must be a better way to measure the saltiness of the water? Like some kind of tool you put in the water or something.
What I took away from this video is that there are still some places that have lemon coke and I am jealous, lol. 😂
Apple seems to absorb salt- at least a bit. I put some apple slices to bake with some meat and in the end the apple tasted like salt.
Since I started watching your videos.  2 things have happened 1. I've come to realize there's a lot of liars on the internet and 2. I have an immense amount of sympathy for Don!
so this's why my ginger milk always went bad
I don't click on rescue videos anymore. There are hundreds or thousands of fake rescues. Dogs left in the country and "suddenly found running behind their car" or whatever. YouTube has too much crap.
Poor dave😂
Hi Ann! I'm back here to comment because this happened recently to me, and I knew what was going on because of your video.  I bought some soda at an airport, and put a straw in, and it bubbled over. I had forgotten all about this video, but as soon as that happened, I remembered why, thanks go your explanation here. It was cold, and took a little while to fizz up, therefore I couldn't tell instantly. My dad was just as surprised when I told him (he saw the whole thing) So thanks for teaching me something that actually stuck with me :)))
I dont think 15 min is enough to take out the salt, have to boil with the potato and a bigger piece Dave scared of taste things send me hhahahahaha glaad he ate a delicious mousse and ginger puddim
Don't drink a lot of salt water! It's safer to just taste it and spit it out. I don't know that that was enough to cause kidney problems but better safe than sorry when it comes to salt
#Experiment 🧂  Make a dough out of flour and water. Make some round balls with it, like meatballs. Cook with it to remove some of the salt 🧂.   The Potato one didn't work but this one might help.
It’s interesting. My mother always said that if I added too much salt to my rice (she’s Brazilian and we eat rice a lot) to add some potato slices and keep cooking to get some of the salt out. I wonder if it being in food vs just water makes a difference.
That chocolate water looks like something a child would hand to you and call a drink.
3:48 I shake my salt into my hand then sprinkle to avoid this! I also divide it through the cooking process. A small sprinkle in the beginning then taste and season as needed 😊
Extra salt use potatoes.  My family has been doing that forever!
I love Ann and her family, I also really love that she often ends her videos with "make it a great week by being kind to others."
"vinegar and sugar" that's a big part of Filipino adobo. But we use brown sugar. It's actually delicious 😂
Koalas!
8:17 a good solution would be to do just as YouTube did with certifying Doctors on YouTube using an authentication icon. They could certify legitimate animal rescues channels using a comparable certification icon.
This is mention of frosting I never knew I needed but needed haha.
You are such a pleasure to listen to with your sound advice!🇬🇧🥰
It makes so much more sense for the frosting to get lighter again once you re-whip it but that’s just my logic it’s not scientific or anything but it just makes so much more sense to me❤
Best thing you can do with Coke.
And the coins aren't even magnetic.
Imagine just microwaving an egg and risking burns just for likes and views 🙄... A lot of people online with room temperature IQ.
Ooh that's why my mom taught me to add in tamarind paste and sugar when what I'm cooking gets a bit too salty/spicy(traditional Southeast Asia cooking). She just told me the two works as bridge to connect the flavours so it all balances out😂😂
You are an angel of youtube i'm so glad i stumbled upon your videos!! Informative, entertaining, and you're so kind-hearted
Ive done it few time with swiss meringue buttercream and it always goes lighter in colour when rewhipped😞
The fake animal rescue videos are disgusting.
The people that do fake animal rescues and put the Animals in Danger I want them to go to prison for life
Not Turtles and Dogs!!!! Those morons, They are horrible!
I've found the potato hack to reduce salt to work when adding several chopped up potatoes rather than a little slice
You have to boil the potato in for 15 min! It does work!
It's actually so shitty when you do that fake "you can easily do this at home!!" Cause I got so so so excited to show my mom and sister the spoon thing tomorrow ): then my heart dropped when you showed the string
@HowToCookThat There is a jocke that describes your housebent feith perfectly. It goes like this: Housebent and wife siting in the living room and she is reading newspaper and he tells him: hey did you know that 90% of all home accidents happen in the kitchen? And he answers: yes i know.... and then you make me eat all this accidents.....
#experiment i ran the experiements 10 times, 10 different batches of cream and got the same result as you. with using both ways and different tools.
If the stodgy gentleman thinks it's salty, myth debunked.. he's a professional...
Experiment: I have not tested this, but what comes to mind as a variable that you didn't account for is the size of the bubbles you are creating. It could be that the size of the bubbles and the thickness of the layer of frosting around those bubbles affects the color even if you have the same volume. But to test that theory, you would need a microscope to check the size of the bubbles. The reason for a difference like that could be the speed of the mixer, mixing time etc.  I would love to see that experiment, but I don't have the equipment to do it myself.
I don't know, I saw the same color on the frosting all the time.
The exploding egg thing is no joke.  This is very dangerous and could cause serious injuries.  I find it especially irresponsible of people who are doing this to prank innocent people.  If someone is sitting too close or has their face over the plate (which most people do when eating) they could most definitely suffer severe burns or lose their vision in one or both of their eyes!  I'm so glad that Ann brought awareness to this.
4:40 That's rough, buddy.
I think YouTube needs to make it to where rescue videos need to be made by a legally verified rescue company and the 3rd looks lighter than the first!
Yeah I actually did the same thing putting an egg in the microwave I didn't know it would explode when I was I in a hotel it actually surprised me don't put in boiled egg in the microwave it will explode especially when you poke it. The best thing you can do is just cut it in half a little salt and pepper and only put it in the microwave for like 30 seconds. Do not put it in whole.
When I was a wee lass, long before TikTok, I microwaved a hard boiled egg I had boiled that morning for a quick after school snack. Took a big ol’ chomp into it and it exploded across my face and sent burning egg down my throat. Had burns for nearly two weeks. Couldn’t eat hot or solid food for a week. I’m kinda glad these videos are everywhere online now, because if I had seen one when I was young I definitely would not have done that.
I knew that fake animal rescue videos were a huge thing. However, it was just awful seeing glue pulled off the turtles.
I love my dog and animals I have 2 turtles when I was young we had to get rid of them the girl was fed bad and she now has lumps on her shell when I was 40 we got both of them back then got a small Russian box turtle then another and then a few years later like ten years we got a two week old turtle and oh if I was the law I would cancel these people life in prison do the crimes they did to the animals back at them. Hot glue on turtle I am going to put hot boiling glue on YOURE fingernails PUT YOU IN RUBBER
With the "animal rescue" Video. For genuine "rescues" anyway. Rule of thumb, IF the animal is affected by some sort of man made thing, fishing line, stuck in a fence, etc help the animal. Absolutely help the animal. If the animal is NOT affected by a man made object. LEAVE IT ALONE. Th baby bird on the ground, or flipped over horseshoe crab just didn't make it and you are removing valuable calories from some other creature. True, you're doing the same for the deer stuck in a fence or fish flopping in a net, but without us they never would have been in danger in the first place. Your good intentions with the others is doing more harm than good.
The salt and potato experiment should have been done by weight. Not taste. Either weigh the water, or let the water completely evaporate then weigh the container or just the salt. Taste is never a good measurement, far too many variables. Simmering the one with the potato covered would cut down on the loss of water, which is why I suggested letting the water totally evaporate before measuring. Adding water to the potato water pretty much invalidates the experiment.
He really loves you doesn’t he
,şu
I can see the logic to the potato idea at the start. The potato having water could absorb at least some of the salt via diffusion because of the concentration gradient but I don't think it would be very effective.  EDIT: Omg the poor turtles :(
why are we calling recipes magic? i hate tik tok lol
Eggs really do explode when you cook them in the microwave, it's happened to me 2 times, because obviously you can cook ends in the microwave.  I think the best way to make eggs in the microwave is scrambled with milk- it makes them creamy and you don't have to worry about burning the milk in the pan just use caution😅
If I happened to oversalt something, I use this trick. Im doing it for years now and it's preeetty good. It obviously won't save a catastrophic failur, but it definitely saves a little mistake.  I prefer honey, for the sugary part, but pretty much everything will do. Vinegar, or lemon, will depend on the dish.
The frosting is lighter when there is more air because the food dye is spread out over a larger volume of product. There is no explanation for it keeping it's darker colour after it is brought back to the higher volume. Your results are the true story here.
It saddens me deeply that people will fake scientific results in order to get views..... youtube undermines science in general because of the focus on money rather than truth. it's really a detriment on humanity in the long run.
I didn't even realize I wasn't subscribed. your content is amazing, you need more exposure
About the frosting, I haven't tried it myself,but I saw someone I know claim it worked but she was transparent when she showed us that she tried it with pink and it didn't work. No matter what she did, it didn't work, but she said worked for red and black, so maybe it has to do with the color of food dye and maybe the brand?
😀
I think "don't watch videos from compilation channels // folks doing random shit, find some dedicated expert" is the real answer
I've done the milk ginger pudding before it's legit
I heat eggs in the microwave all the time with other food, never had a problem, and I bite into it myself not poke it with a fork or knife. I can only guess people are overcooking it like crazy for some reason. Well, I guess mine are hard boiled already and were in the fridge, still. Don't get what that's all about besides people wanting to make a dumb video.
Putting potato in a salty food is actually an old wive's tale and has been around for many years. I can remember as a kid, my mother telling me this.  I think it's different in something like a sauce and not simply in water. I don't think  you gave that a fair trial by using simply water.  I'd say it's more likely to work in a sauce. When I've had a left over curry type meal that's been too spicy for my liking when I reheat it, I put some potato in it.  That works for me in making it less spicy.
13:32 that’s a precious smile
20:33 I will be frank: I do not care to run the experiment myself, though I stand with you nonetheless. It just makes sense to me from a scientific standpoint. It’s essentially the same as why tattoos lose their color as you get older: your skin stretches, spreading the color out. When the frosting is aerated, it’s spread out, and when you blend it all that coloring is compacted, making the color richer. So re-aerating it would just respread the color out, making it lighter again.
At 6:05 - I care about the environment…I’m assuming they’re saying that to justify paper straws…that are used in a plastic cup with a lid … make it make sense 😂😂😂
it's not good to remove the barnacles off of sea turtles anyway
RE frosting, you did mention she used an ice bath to re whip, also is it possible her elevation had any effect? Food is science, science is not always repeatable if some parameters have changed even slightly.
As a person who likes soft boiled eggs, I had the very unfortunate mishap of undercooking an egg (ie. fridge to boiling water is def different to a room temp egg to boiling ratio).  I boiled an egg in water for x-amount of time, to find it under cooked ever so slightly....I made the stupid decision (unknowingly) to put it into the microwave for 10-15 seconds.  I brought it out into the lounge room, put my normal salt, pepper............and hot sauce on (ie. habanero range).  Then went in with my small spoon....and it exploded all over and straight into my eyes.  Not one, but two....and it took quite a bit to get myself together....cuz the sink was about 5-6 metres away.  So ofc, it made it a nightmare to flush my eyes out with water.  Anyways......a huge lesson learned and will def not be doing that again.
the only solution to to much salt is either a complete do over or use a much bigger pot and just make way more to dilute the salt. and really dont like paper straws, they get soggy and give a off taste of paper.
Poor Dave 🤣
I found adding potato flakes it does improve it. Of course you must be cooking something you don't mind adding a lot of potato flakes, & some sugar. A single cube of potato won't do anything. I've done it with a pot roast, & I turned it into a stew with potato flakes, & extra cooked potato cubes. It looked a little odd, but tasted great. Potatoes always need a lot of salt, so this works.
Poor Dave
Paper straws are the worst invention of all time.
Ann:  "I want to start a YouTube to debunk all the fake food videos and I want you to taste test all the fake food."  Dave:  "Why me?"  Ann:  "For better or for worse"
Poor Dave, I wonder how he has any tastebuds left!!
Explaining science with food, madam you are the best.
How is it that YouTube has legendary godlike powers when it comes to discovering misinformation videos about elections and vaccines, but they have no idea when an animal is being abused? These animal abuse videos or even using the same plot, rescue, and YouTube never manages to stop them unless they're reported and then they just pop right back up again.
The chocolate mousse: Heston has a good video and recipe. It's intense
Now I know why drinking through a straw make soda taste more fizzy.
TikTok is owned by a Chinese company. I wouldn't trust them for anything or watch them. But Ann is fun to watch, a breath of fresh air on the internet.
#Qustion What about using water soluble colour in the sirap?
Thanks for very tactfully proving Adriana is a gigantic liar.
With the animal rescue videos what about the channel dodo
I love these videos 😊
the potato-in-salty-broth trick actually works, but (a) not with that much amount of salt, and (b) you need A TON of potatoes not a tiny slice, and even then (c) it helps a little bit, noticeable, but not magical.
I used to cook eggs in the microwave in hotels all the time for work, I had these little microwave cups and all I had to do was poke them with a fork and add a very small amount of salt and they never exploded, not sure if it was the poking, the salt, or both that worked for them though, I never tested without either.
I was taught by my aunt that if the dish is too salty, add potatoes and if it burns, add onions to get rid of the burnt taste. Not sure how accurate they are anymore but nice to have in an emergency😭
I heard the potato one when I was a teen in the '90s. lol
everytime i think, ya that one is fake. it is real.... this is why we will always need u
I hope he drank a lot of regular water after all that salt 😂 Love your videos, much needed in this TikTok nighmare world!
GREAT vid!
Who the hell is using a straw in a bottle?
Paper straws aren't good for the environment. They're also not good as straws.  I've used a plastic spoon made from plant fibre, 100% biodegradable. That's the solution, not drinking through a toilet paper roll.
The salt removal with a potato is not a new thing, I remember My dad trying this back in the early 70s to try and remove too much salt from some baked beans, it did not work.  He got that from a magazine at the time.
Now, the thing with the potato... my family always did that when a stew came out a bit too salty, but 1) we use a lot more potato than a thin slice like that and 2) we don't take the potatos out of the stew, so I think it's more about adding something that needs salt than "the potato is going to magically suck the salt out of the water"
Would have been funny if the mousse fell out if the cup
I did the microwaved egg explosion experiment when I was 8. Not on purpose, I just was a dumb and hungry child.
love the coin trick, I actually believed you for a second
14:44 I would like to see more of these absolute idiots hurting themselves. Plonkers.
Anyone remember Animal Hospital with Rolf Harris? ;) Definitely animals needed rescued on that...
4:10 Ironically the replacing of plastic straws with useless and not fit for purpose paper ones has also been done under pressure ;)
0:28 That wasnt salt she added. It was tooth whitener!
I had the unfortunate experience of cutting open a reheated boiled egg only for it to explode. This was years before tiktok was even a thing so I wasn't doing it as part of a challenge. I did learn that if I wanted to a reheat a boiled egg it was best to cut it up *before* microwaving. But honestly I'd rather not eat reheated boiled egg in most cases.
We really should call these episodes "Cooking the books" :P.
My cousin is a marine biologist. Her research was on crabs and turtles on the Australian coast. These fake turtle rescue videos aggravate us more than you know.
Urban Rescue Ranch is a good channel to watch about rescuing animals, very educational and highly entertaining.
I love how his first sip of the salty water was so confident
Ann is the best! Her videos are not only entertaining and little funny but also educational. Honestly Ann is amazing and the somehow the videos get better... WITH DAVE!! ☺
That first one is very interesting cause ive seen alot of chef's recommending that as well and ive just took their word for it
You're so mean to Dave D:
I know this video is older lol, but I was not prepared for animal videos to pop and it was jarring without warning. A warning about the animal cruelty with the fake videos would be appreciated in the future ❤ Not mad of course! I also appreciate you covering the topic tho!
The turtle one was really graphic im so upset. I have a tortiouse 😢
As far as the animal rescue videos go, it breaks my heart that anyone would ever fake that just for the sake of views and notoriety. As far as supporting proper rescue organizations I definitely do my research first before subscribing or following them on any other social medias. There are plenty that are legit and do make honest content for the right reasons.  Such as educational content or to showcase their work that they do within the animal welfare community. And most of these legit nonprofit organizations use the profits from their videos to circulate right back into the work they do or by buying supplies they need to keep their animal's happy and healthy.
teaching media literacy through food. i love her
I’d like to know why Diet Coke & diet Pepsi over fizzes more than non diet. Whenever a coworker pulled a bottled diet pop out of the machine where the pop drops & falls from its slot it always foamed over when opened.
i really enjoy these debunking videos. It gives me a lil bit of hope when i try a recipe if i don't get it quite right by the 3rd or fourth try its not me its usually the recipe has something off about it. and if anyone iin these tiktoks has a problems with someone finding their "recipes" to be bunk that's their baggage to deal with. keep up the good work ma'am.
Even egg yolks get lighter, if you beat them up. That's how you know, when it's enough. The whole food coloring hack doesn't make sense at all and Adriana should just stop lying.
I posted this in response to someone on a comment in another video in regard to the whole Ann vs Adriana drama and I wanted to share this here because there is a lot of slander from Adriana's viewers towards Ann regarding the type of buttercream she was testing with, how she was presenting her side and opinion, and even the value of Ann's knowledge and expertise.   Also, before posting this I carefully went through each video to make sure that the types of buttercream, color variations, statements, and what not I have stated as accurately as possible.  In Sugarologies (Adriana) original video, she uses a Swiss buttercream. It is literally stated, in text, that she is using Swiss buttercream. How to Cook That (Ann) also uses a Swiss buttercream in her first video. So this whole “Ann didn’t use the same/right buttercream” spiel is just full bs. And people keep harping on that and it is frustrating as hell because people aren’t paying attention and are thus spreading lies.  Now, for the second video from each. Adriana, in her own video acknowledge that the air is knocked out which was something not disclosed previously and pointed out by Ann. SHE used “American” buttercream in her response video to debunk Ann with the “same colors” excuse. Then she proceed to also use Swiss buttercream. Now, to me, the colors on both buttercreams are the same between the two at each respective stage. Ann, in her second video, states she uses a Swiss meringue buttercream. The exact same type of buttercream as before and what Adriana initially said she used. So, again, this whole “not the same buttercream” is bull and Adriana is being deceptive by stating Ann used a buttercream she did not in fact use.  In the email exchange, you can see that in the attached photo showing Adriana’s results, the re-whipped is still lighter than the emulsified version. Not as light as the original, but still lighter. So Adriana disproved herself but is unable to or unwilling to acknowledge that because she tried calling wolf.   Adriana called foul because another scientist with a baking knowledge posed questions and pointed out some variables that some people do care about (such as the density and volume of the buttercream). Ann, from her own curiosity, tested adding air back in to see if the color could be retained and wanted to make sure that people had that disclaimer before trying it out and thinking that only the color would change. Clearly Adriana took that as Ann being mean, instead of a scientist peer-reviewing her method, and then proceeded to complain to her viewers about it.  Ann is not wrong to point out that there are variables that may have affected the results. Any good scientist worth their salt would at least do that. You need to consider all possibilities that could have contributed to the studies findings. Maybe the type of butter (European style, grass-fed, etc) or local humidity affected the results, or as Ann suggested, the method of whipping (which it seems that Adriana didn’t mention in her instruction/methods to Ann? It wasn’t clear to me).  There are variables that can be controlled and those that cannot. That is why there is a method that of operations must be followed and properly communicated so that it can be replicated and tested by peers in full. Adriana is either 1) being stubborn and not willing to concede on certain points or 2) purposefully sabotaging Ann with her instructions by not including relevant information.  Now, Ann never called Adriana a liar or anything close. Ann stated that she was skeptical, had questions, and even after reaching out and getting answers from Adriana, certain explanations still didn’t add up to her based on the results she was seeing. Hence, the mentioning of possible variables. Being that they are both scientists, a method of operations must be replicable. Research scientists who publish papers and who then see that someone else published a paper that followed the same method with different results don’t act the way Adriana did. They go back to their original work, redo the study and compare it to the conflicting results and consider what might have changed if the research scientists still get the same results. Or, they acknowledged they messed up then retract or correct their original publishing.  Again both women are scientists. Just because Adriana has a PhD does not automatically make her more knowledgable or more deserving of respect than Ann. Adriana has an undergrad in Microbiology and Immunology, and a PhD in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology. Ann has an undergrad in Nutrition and Food Science but has several decades, almost as long as Adriana has been alive, of applied science experience. Adriana is a hobbyist where baking is concerned. I’ve read around the comments of many other videos and forums trying to learn more about this process and I’ve seen many people who are microbiologists and who bake for hobby (or professionally after a career change) like Adriana calling bs on the explanation of her method.   Now, I will pose this question to you as an example. If you had to go in for a heart surgery… would you want the heart surgeon or the brain surgeon to do your surgery? Keep in mind both are doctors with varying credentials and years of experience. I bet you said heart surgeon and likely because the heart surgeon is specialized in that field. In that same way, I put more weight to Ann than Adriana. Ann has specialized knowledge while Adriana is using her PhD as clout for being knowledgable. And her viewers are throwing that around to discredit Ann.   As an individual with a science background (different disciple from Ann and Adriana), Ann has presented everything in a professional and logical manner and has presented good points to consider. Adriana, on the other hand, has been rude and unwilling to take criticism from a fellow professional. Adriana calls her self a scientist, but personally, I think she has failed to represent her career in a professional manner.
A good solution to the fake animal rescue stuff is to have one of those things that says it's a verified organisation kind of like they do with doctors now
Dave is adorable, everyone deserves a mom like you, and it's so good to know that you're out here, spreading the sweet, and sometimes sour, truth! ❤
Dave has been through so much for us lol.
The potato works, is common knowledge to add to stock to keep them from being too salty. You did something wrong, maybe too small of a potato. In the example her piece was much larger
8:20 I think the best solution to that is to learn how to spot clickbait videos. Animal rescues don't typically do the weird overblown thumbnails or any extreme, almost strange, out of place reactions, but you really just need to watch enough videos until you can sort of intuitively detect which ones trigger the uncanny valley effect, so to speak.
Might be the type of mixer shape.
dont forget the narrow openings make a difference
ann, may i ask. i believe what you made was an italian meringue buttercream instead of swiss. the swiss is the method where you double boil the egg whites and sugar. every where else is that way, i’m wondering if you just made a mistake.
but the potato thing does work, we use it all the time when cooking bacalhau (and didn’t have enough time to desalt the fish enough). it causes the potato to be salty as heck so you lose a side but the fish is edible lmao. i don’t know about her measurements but it does work
The animal ones are horrifying
Potatoes do work, but you must add more potatoes and with less excess salt , its just minor hack
The first debunk is definitely a weird surprise for me, because my mom and my grandma always swear by the potato hack to remove excess salt and they've been doing so for decades. I've never tried it myself but I always thought it worked, maybe it's an old urban myth
Sad that the person at 7:35 decided to include Animal Aid Unlimited in their otherwise probably legitimate rant. They're a real organisation that've been around for 20 years and do good work :(
the color she used is blue try it with any other color then try blue there are very few natural sources of blue most blues are in facts green its just the object absorbs all of that spectrum blueberries for example they are in fact actually green its just the light we observe is blue blue the answer is blue even the Blue Jay isnt blue it the molecular shape of their feathers that capture most of the light from other spectrums and reflect only blue spectrums
so funny watching this man just like, taste a glass of salty water and then go "oh wow, that was bad, hope the next one is better" only to drink two more salty glasses of water. your husband is always such a great sport!
He's such a good sport. Bless him.
ill pray for ur husband's kidney
Lol, the potato hack is real. You need more than a tiny slice of potato, tho. Drop at least a half of one in her size pot. A whole one or a couple in a bigger pot.
Love how your husband (I'm assuming) will try anything you give him. Good or bad.
I knew that the ginger milk dessert was real as soon as i heard Ichika Nito lol
"is it bad gatorade?" it's a sugary electrolyte solution so, yeah, kind of
potato hack is kinda true, adding tiny slice of potato is just not enough to make a difference
Also my dad once microwaved a boiled egg and bit into it. That's how I learned the danger of microwaving eggs 😅
Do you have any advice for having vividly colored Macarons? Mine are always very pale, but I worry adding more coloring will affect the texture.
Great video. Love your stuff.  Even my young nephews watch your channel now.
I'm writing from Romania.  I actually use the hack with the potatoes. The difference is that the potato is bigger and already boiled. I leave it in the pot, in the food, overnight.  If you think about it, it makes sense. The potato/potatoes, overnight, will absorb some salt from the food.   In the morning, if I taste the potatoes, they are salty.  ....the trick is to put enough boiled potatoes and live them overnight.
Also, who microwaves an egg?!? I mean why? My wife and I have spent the last 11 years without a microwave in our house and we haven’t even noticed. I can’t think of a single thing that one would make in a microwave that turns out better than it would in the oven or on the stove… Well, MAYBE popcorn, but even that can be made without a microwave.
My stomach hurts just from watching him drink that saltwater…
as a long time subscriber I love these videos. Brings me back to reality after tik tok bingeing
Dave’s face when he tried the ginger milk pudding was so cute and cheeky lol
The potato does work obviosly its a body of osmosis, but just like cooking it it cabt do it in 15 mins... you need quite a large potato (youre exhanhing its water with salted water, wich also eill add some potato taste) and needs a few hours of brining like you would do with any othwr piece of meat. It works. Its just not very useful
That potato hack has been around for decades.
i think the solution to animal rescue videos is to only watch those from official rescue/organisation channels
BRO HAD THE YEEZY FOAMS ON
chili powder can also disguise salt
Having microwaved an egg, it's more fun to use a raw egg in the shell and run it in the microwave for a long time. much safer way to pop an egg, not as funny as grapes on the branch or ivory soap or marshmallows
I'm so relieved to know that the fake animal rescue video's thumbnail didn't have a decapitated dog in it. I've avoided that video like the plague because the thought of a dead dog was too much for me. The angle made it far too difficult for me to tell what was really going on and my brain jumped to the worst possible conclusion.
Thank you for addressing the situation in a better, more collaborative manner.
Ty so much watching your video cured my depression
Bro i must hold a presantation about this in school
i had no idea about the exploding eggs  🤦🏿‍♂️  much less, the pranks involving them
mentos and coke is also a chemical reaction on top of all that I was pretty sure.
Not me watching having just made the seized chocolate mousse last night! 😂
I tried the 1st hack when I oversalted homemade chicken soup but I used a whole potato and it worked for me.
that's an Italian meringue, not Swiss.  16:35
I immediately had doubts about being able to rewhip the frosting and keep the color because one of my favourite tricks for store-bought chocolate frosting is to whip it up and make it all airy and fluffy, as I find it very dense straight out of the tub. But, when you do that, the color gets way lighter!
i mean just heat up cream and melt the chocolate in it and cool it down then whip it up and then u have a 2 ingridient mousse
You are married, right? Did your husband know before the marriage he had to try all the bad "lifehacks" by himself? 😅
I've had hot glue on my nails before in engineering class... It sucks. Poor turtle :(
I've actually heard the potato thing before, too. I imagine there's *something* to it if it's lasted this long as a myth, but yeah makes sense it doesn't just magically remove salt.
Nah I will keep adding potatoes to reduce the saltiness of my soups. It worked for me. I don't know why. Must be magic.
Video Suggestion: Coke vs Pepsi; which one reacts more to mentos...
Yeah, I tried the potato thing and it reduced the sodiumness of the food.
Instead of blending the thing and rewhipping and spending like 5-10 minutes with this... Like why not just add a drop or two of food colouring more? Way way easier.  I mean my thing is always white-ish cakes cause i just dont like using food colouring at all but come on
The rewhipped frosting got even ligther than from the start what i could see in your video
As someone who has made cakes as a full time job for over a decade as well as studied molecular science, i can say without a doubt that your results with whipping and blending the frosting are very straightforward. imagine the particles are balloons and when you blow them up with air, the rubber (icing particles) expands and becomes almost translucent, winding up a larger pale version of the deflated balloon. That girl is right about one thing, the pigment is more disbursed after blending, but that has nothing to do with the color depth. if anything, it causes the color to homogenize more and you can actually tell the "rewhipped" smear you have is slightly lighter in the end despite being denser than the original volume
For the frosting questions- I think a really good way to see this effect in action outside of the frosting debate is to look at videos of hard candy pulling. It starts super bright and clear, and then as air is added, it becomes lighter and more opaque. Same thing is happening in reverse with the frosting. It starts with air which lightens the color then loses that air. The candy's texture is also changed. There are great videos of this effect all over youtube and many candy makers explain what's happening as they're pulling.
I knew a woman who was blind because an egg exploded on her. don't duck with exploding eggs.
Oh gosh the animal rescue ones really are upsetting :(
When I was younger I heatet eggs in the microwave for lunch after school. It exploded and burnt my fingers and throat. Lucky only minor burns tho
It’s scary how stupid people really are in this universe. “I’m going to watch videos of eggs exploding and try it myself even though I have no common sense as to why they’re exploding!”
The food coloring I like to use is the powder colors. The saturation is always better for me, I would assume it is because the pigment is the only thing going in the recipe,  but I haven't really researched it yet to be sure. I especially like them for when I am making fondant or gum-paste for the wedding cakes I make. I'm a pastry chef by training but work as a Chef de Cuisine and I graduated school in 2002, so I haven't gotten to do the molecular gastronomy classes the young whipper-snappers get as part of their degrees now.😂 I should take some master classes to get the newest techniques and such. Love your videos Ann, they are always informative and fun.❤
Poor long suffering Dave lol. He is such a good sport. 😅🎉
my personal resolution over fake animal resque videos is i dont watch any of it, and indsead i just support local, known for me animal resque organization regularly. But if you want to check if someone is faking vids, or have them genuenly is just see if its normal content for that channel, if there are updates over the animals and that vid is linked to some legit animal organization in general. Some viral tiktoks on some viral like accounts are most likelly faked / staged vids.
I just find the frosting thing bullshit Less volume = more concentrated the food coloring = darker color More volume = more spread out the food coloring is = lighter color You dont need to test shit to see that, if what she said is right and that same volume, still darker color, then we can just use 1 litre of paint, thin it the fuck down and paint an entire house with it and the color would still be the same
Me watching the first hack: that’s not how osmosis works. If anything, you just slightly dehydrate the cells on the outside of the potato.
The oversalted any liquidy dish hack definitely works. If u oversalted a patty? Add boiled potato. It works comparatively works better than adding flour only. Idk why only water experience doesn't work.  Mayb u could do these kind kf experiment?
You definitely have no feeling in your finger nails.
Uh scientifically you can't add bubbles to something (make it more frothy) and not have that matter get closer to being white. The light is going to refract more and more through the added bubbles reflecting less off the food coloring so your going to see more white or lighter coloring. That other lady can't just break physics because she feels like it.
I like how humble you are but if people really can't understand why the color of frosting gets darker when it's less whipped and they think that somehow magically you can whip it and keep the color then there is something wrong. Especially with the original creator spreading false hacks like that.   Also that is much more of a head ache then adding a drop more of food coloring like damn the time you save in your life by adding a drop more is worth it.
fake animal rescue videos make me so sick, thank you for talking about the problem
Ginger milk pudding is actually a traditional dessert in Shunde, a town in Foshan (a city near Guangzhou). It tastes a little spicy and milky due to the ingredients and so many people love it. But like the explaination it's a little difficult to make
I’m a bit late to the party here but in regards to the frosting thing, after seeing how people have reacted to both the initial video you made and the creator’s response, I have to wonder if the majority of the angry commentors are just children or are adults who fundamentally misunderstand the point of the scientific community.   The original creator presented a theory as to why the frosting’s colour becomes more vibrant when blended and showed her experiment in a video. Ann reviewed that theory and presented an alternative theory which she believed to be more accurate, then backed that up with an experiment and asked the original poster to repeat their experiment and present their findings again. Ann did all this in a professional, mature manner and nothing’s she’s said has been an attack on the creator - although it seems some people have percieved it that way.   I’d also like to say that not only do I believe Ann’s theory is backed with more evidence than the original poster, but that most people with experience baking will tell you that frosting will become lighter the more air is whisked into it, e.g. buttercream getting less yellow when it’s mixed more. I didn’t even need to conduct an experiment to tell you that - I just bake a lot. I also discussed this with a friend who also bakes, and she concurred. So the theory is *also* backed by “common sense” - although a sample size of 2 is unrepresentative and can’t be used in an official capacity.
I'm pretty sure what makes the color darker is precisely the removal of air bubbles, because those reflect the light (think about candy-making videos). So it would not make sense to be able to whip back to the original state without getting a lighter color back, but maybe someone more expert can confirm
3:11 he's not so far off calling it "bad Gatorade"... The romans had a drink called posca made mixing sour wine (or vinegar) and water. Soldiers, slaves and other workers used it to replenish themselves, so kinda like ancient Gatorade 😂😂
I can't figure out if I am a bigger fan of you, or Dave. LOL
That's Italian meringue, not Swiss meringue. Swiss is made by beating the sugar and egg whites over a bain marie.
I remember cooking egg in the microwave way back dont ask why:-), i used aluminum foil to cover the egg and let it heat n nothing happened, just me yoke wasn’t properly cooked i dunno why these peps decided to creating bombs tho
It's worth pointing out that Ann used a very small slice of potatoe rather than a massive chunk like showed in the sample footage - but, more importantly, if you dice up a lot more potato than either of them did, so you have MUCH more surface area and MUCH more potato, it can work really well! I use this trick all the time to 'temper' slowcooker and ramen dishes that ended up too salty. Just have to be patient and really let the potatoes soak up the excess salt.
You’re doing so much good by bringing intelligent light to these topics and problems
My friend microwaved an egg pretty recently, they had no idea it would explode and bit right into it. It exploded and they got burn marks all over their face. So yeah, don’t microwave eggs guys
What i love about Ann is that she doesn't only debunk videos. she shows off hacks that actually do work like the ginger milk recipe! she seems so fair in all her judgements I trust this woman with my LIFE
There is a special place in Hell I reserve for these animal abusers, don't worry guys.
Love how mature Ann handled the frosting situation
#Expirment I only started watching your debunking videos, but in regards to the food coloring problem. You actually don't need to do an experiment really because this is physics problem that is actually decently well understood. A lot of this has to do with the amount of air being added into the mixture, because the air is going to change the how light is refracted and reflected off the surface of the whipped cream. Whipped cream is a type of foam and is a stable mixture of air suspended within a liquid/solid, and it is those little pockets of air that help reflect more white light back into the eye. So, from a physics point of view, if you could completely and fully re-aerate the whipped cream back to original density, you will get the same amount of reflected light, and the color will appear lighter. ALL foams become opaque and lighter whether you are making whipped cream or hard candies. There is no physical way to do what she is claiming, there is some loss in the system. So it is more likely that she is failing to return the mixture to its original volume, or the shape of the container is affecting how light is entering and exiting the whipped cream and vessel.  Stretching silly putty, bending an eraser, etc. This is the same physics behind why snow is white and while all soap foams turn white regardless of the color the liquid.  Here are my sources that I had to do a fair amount of digging to find https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/agricultural-and-biological-sciences/whipped-cream https://www.mygermantable.com/how-to-make-candy-part-3-aeration/#:~:text=This%20is%20because%20the%20air,this%20from%20beating%20egg%20whites.
So, the potato trick does work. But you have to use a whole peeled potato. I promise it does work.
The milk ginger pudding is a traditional Chinese dessert I grew up having. My mom would make it for me before bedtime. A teaspoon of sugar dissolved in the milk with some ginger, and it was so soothing☺️.
The salty water works better with soups and a fully cooked (dissaloved) potato or 2 potato's.
I find your debunking videos to be the coolest! Second come all the cake baking and cake rescue videos!
What is Adrianna channel
I would even go as far as saying that most "rescue'" videos are faked.
Thank you for bringing awareness to fake animal rescue videos which are rampant on YouTube. YouTube does not even seem to have a category for this when reporting. I fear many animals are being harmed, or worse, as a result of these videos.
Personally I use the potato hack for a salty soup or a broth and I think it didn't work here because Ann used water instead of a meal, and water is much lower in "solvents" than a soup or a broth. Lol  I'm no expert but that's what I think and the potato hack works for me 😀
I’ve b using the potato to take out the excess of salt. Always worked
A better way to test the salt potato would be to boil off the water and measure the remaining salt
You're so cool! I love this science experiment being done by many for a scientific consensus ❤
Google could use some, you know AI, to stop those videos from being uploaded. Shame their AI game is so weak.
I like how much I've learned about exploding eggs from you because my job *requires* me to microwave whisked eggs in little bowls to put on bagels, so when they very occasionally explode (I think scrambling the eggs makes them explode way less often?) I'm at least not surprised or confused by it 😅
The more terrifying of a reply a bullshitter can get: "Let's test it out!"
while watching the coke fizz over and absentmindedly taking a sip of water i was surprised that it didnt taste like pepsi, i guess i was subconsciously wanting pepsi and felt betrayed that i hadnt poured myself a glass
I've heard the potato in the over salty before but it was with pinto beans.  I am 53 and my grandmother always said if you put too much salt in when cooking pinto beans or chili... I think just stuff with beans, then to add potato to it to help.  I don't think it was supposed to help if you add 5 times too much though.  I think it was just if it was a bit too salty.
I always loved that the Coke & Mentos thing is a physical reaction. That's why anybody who tried to eat and drink them together never got much happening, they had already crushed the rough surface~
Of all the “can you try this for me babe” days, the multiple glasses of salty water can’t be the best
man, I heard of the potato thing all the way back in the 2000's, but never actually tried it.  Also, I love your husband's energy, he looks like he's having such a good time no matter what weird nonsense you hand him!
I find the bottom of the coke to be less effervescent... I'm what they call "a top".
Have you done a video on baking fixes? Like for example last night I made fudge brownies and added too much water 😅 would there of been a way to save it?? I added muffin mixture I had and it came out like bread LOL
The fizzing with soda is technically physical chemistry. It is called surface chemistry, and some chemists find it their least favourite part of a chemistry degree course. It was the only bit I was any good at, as I was always more of a physicist.
on the frosting thing. food coloring often doesn't fully integrate with the more solid components of a buttercream. it can become suspended or encapsulated in itty-bitty bubbles, like an emulsion. it's easy to miss, but if you use particularly dark colors, you can actually see it in american buttercream until the bubbles get small enough that you start seeing them as light instead of unmixed.  if something in the minutia of how she's doing this disperses the coloring more evenly, it would look darker.
Nah, she lien bad b word
Ann your response was very classy and I love how you handled it! When you're out here applying logic and science to people's incorrect claims on the internet they are bound to get mad. Just remember, that when someone genuinely cares and didn't know they were spreading misinformation they will usually accept being corrected and clear things up with their audience. For someone to double down on false claims says a lot.
I find that last one about the frosting color confusing. In what world is whipping something, not putting in the proper amount of color, then using another tool to change the texture and color, then rewhipping it again in an ice bath, easier than just putting in a few extra drops of color to begin with to get the desired color? That's the opposite of a hack.  Not to mention that it was obvious that the color change was due to the loss of air, frosting is essentially a foam, and the more micro air bubbles, the more diluted the color will look. Anyone know why that creator is choosing to die on that hill? What is the point of pretending?
The people gluing stuff to those turtles are unhinged
Hi, I think you make great content! Please add content warning though when there is discussion about harmed animals, I had a panic attack due to the turtle and dog videos.
in a similar veine to the turtle videos, people are and have for a while, made snake trapping, snake killing and snake hunting videos that are clearly fake and use harmless species like ratsnakes and bred in captivity pet species like cornsnakes, ball pythons and boas. unfortunately, the videos often end in a sometimes brutally mangled dead snake with the comments cheering it on and regardless of how much i report them yt doesnt do anything at all. it hurts my heart to see animals i love and keep as pets myself not only abused and murdered in shitty fake videos for clout, but as opposed to other similar trends have their abuse be the celebrated and cheered on as the main purpose of the content. i dont see people talking about it basically at all so i comment (where context apropriate) where i can
I believe-'The science'  behind it is that air reflects lite in turn making the colour liter.  Nocking out the air will then reflect less lite resulting in a darker colouer .   So Re adding air then gives lite  something to reflect from again thus resulting in a lighter colouer once again   *Please excuse spelling  severly dyslexic
I'm sorry, but you're wrong. Putting a potato in a salty stew works to reduce the salty flavor. 40 yrs of experience and using this trick successfully
Chubbyemu really taught me that water always follows salt.
The Chocolate mousse tiktok could've been nice if they actually showed the correct proportions, wouldn't having more chocolate on screen be more eye catching?
Well I have something to share with you. When any dish (curry) becomes salty than required, we genuinely add POTATOES! Atleast 1 whole chopped potato to save the day. And it worked for generation!!!   Dear Ann, please try it another way... Maybe in curry. You will see the result. Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩
Maybe I am missing something in the frosting debate.. Why would you need to do that hack? Is there some sort of issue with just adding more food coloring in the first place? Also, now I have the most narly craving for buttercream frosting.
Honestly, I say don't click on animal rescue videos. If you want to donate to a cause then go research an organization that's reputable and donate to it. I doubt many of their donations come from people who have never heard of them before who simply found a video on TikTok.
Sorry but the frosting thing doesn't make sense as with everything I trust Ann completely on this.
Adriana is just trying to save face inatead of be honest with her viewers. Physics is physics, chemistry is chemistry. They dont change. Thats why I like your channel. Finally subbed today. I would get your videos recommended every once in a while but today i decided to see every video you post. Iya also funny watching you make your husband and children guinea pigs for experiments.
Those animal torture videos make me want to hurt the people responsible the same way they hurt those animals.
Plastic straws wrapped in paper or paper straws wrapped in plastic. Your choice. Whatever you choose, India ans China are still gonna be responsible for 90% of the trash dumped into the ocean.
can u try the colorful frosting hack with american butter cream?
There’s nothing a blender is going to do to increase the amount of pigment in something. The colour per cube inch does not change throughout the process. Anybody claiming something to the contrary is saving face.
That egg tiktok should come with warnings.
no thought for the barnacles then?   just like dennis leary said - only want to save the cute animals.    don't eat the tuna! don't eat the tuna!  why?  dolphinthh are getting thhtuck in the netthh!  dolphins are getting stuck in the nets?  well, what about the tuna fish?
About the ginger milk pudding... can you add other flavors to this?  like orange zest? or vanilla essence? or cardamom? or a flavored vodka?  I flavor vodka with varieties of tea or herbs or spices and use this to flavor my cooking, especially desserts... Earl Gray tea makes a nice flavor to rice puddings and green tea mouse is a nice light dessert
when i was younger in thailand i bought a beer at a 7/11 and they gave me a straw, i had lipstick on that i didnt want to mess up and thought well do as it comes so i used it, yes it fizzed everywhere 😂  straws and their surface area do this for sure.  dont get me wrong, i still like thai lager i just avoid the straw 😇
A microwave egg exploding on you can actually be really painful and give you minor burns. That's so irresponsible to prank someone like that and idiotic to do it on purpose yourself. Sometimes I wonder about the human race...
Couldn't you use a bit of gelatin in that mousse, to make it a bit more solid, and 'moussier' ? 😁
I could not believe the amount of hateful comments on your original video address the whole frosting color thing. People were so quick to call you out about being petty and hateful when all you did was experiment and explain your results. It was absolutely ridiculous. You didn’t even bad mouth the video creator. But they made it seem to be that way by how her devout followers attacked you. They said she is a science based creator with degrees and stuff all while ignoring your educational background too. It was insane to say the least.
The animal rescue ones remind me of when I was in kindergarten one of my best friends forcibly rehomed a bunch of hermit crabs we found on the beach because their shells were “too small”
13:31 that "I like it" was adorable
How sick is it to harm an animal and put it in discomfort or pain just to show others what a great human being you are for "rescuing" them? Where are we and how do we got here...? that's just disgusting!
I wonder if the results would be different with the buttercream if you added the colour after you added the butter so that that emulsion process would actually be changing something rather than if the colouring was already evenly dispersed in the water based phase of Swiss buttercream
we love dave and salute his sacrifices! 💜
I’ve always used the potato when there’s too much salt. It’s always worked. My great-grandmother taught me that. Also, it’s a little different when you’re using just water, and you need a bigger piece of potato. It does work. I have over salted stews and sauces and the potato always works! There are famous chefs who use it.
It would be cool to have a spectrophotometer to measure the actual color difference!
yeah, you did the first one wrong, you should've tried it with a sauce not water, water has no flavor profile, adding ANYTHING to it will make a significant change to the taste. If you over season a sauce, potatoes WILL absorb some of the seasoning, but potatoes have starch, and that by itself tastes horrible, not debunked, incorrect experiment.
Can you cook a dump cake so it tastes good.  I live at high altitude maybe that's why nothing I saw worked.  Nobody's demonstration worked well
Hot chocolate served here in Andalucia has to be eaten with a spoon. Not sure if they add cornflour (cornstarch) or not. But uts delicious.
They should ban any animal rescue videos on all platforms unless it’s from an approved source. It’s unbelievably pathetic and cruel to do that to animals for a bit of money
Yoi get banned for commenting true but these 5 minutes lies videos are allowed 😂  What have we become?  Being raised by an algorithm programmed by people who knows nothing about people😂😂😂😂
this stupid egg trend instead of raising awareness was just picked up by youtubers looking to get quick views and ann you missed this but the people they pranked know that the egg is gonna explode since most "prank videos" are scripted so there just dragging someone that may not want to get an egg explode on them in danger all for views i advise you to just report those videos dont dislike them dont comment if you can block em do it dont give them the exposure they want
Anne us out here doing the lords work
I love you guys. Sweetest couple out there.  Him trying the water looked painful lol
Interestingly, pranks have been linked to sadism. Maybe let's not take pleasure in the discomfort of others?
They're going on and on about the color and volume of the buttercream and I am genuinely confused that she whipped it that long and it didn't separate. I mean, I have grown up Watchung cooking and baking shows and they have even shown this happen. Where the buttercream started to separate from over whipping. Am I missing something or is this because it's Italian meringue? Is this because of the egg whites, the hot sugar syrup or the combination?
i think the way the floating coin was done was they dropped the coin and then removed one of the batteries and then played the video in reverse
Honestly I’ve notice tons of fake content! It’s not just food or animal rescues! I’m an avid pimple popper watcher… dnt judge me! They have not only start faking abscess draining a and cyst pop videos but also lice and parasite in hair videos. Literally add oils or wax to hair and let it dry then add like sesame seeds or even real bugs and then pretend to treat and remove them! And it all comes from Asian countries the most. I think a lot of fake things come from that area of the world even physically in real stores because of cheapness and cost cutting combined with lack of any copywriter laws or patent laws over there! They can literally make fake brand name items that are obviously fake but because it looks almost real and has status and clout behind it and tricks many people they actually make a lot of money. So Asians not only seem to be making bank of counterfeit fashion and luxury items but now digital viral counterfeits as well.
Poor turtles 😔 I hate seeing animals harmed, and these poor lil shelled dudes. YT needs to stop this junk content!
Wow. Can we mention how Dave is such a brave man?
Hi Ann!  Thank you SO MUCH for covering this topic!  Thankfully we’ve gotten nearly all of the channels guilty of fake barnacle removal on turtles taken down, but I so so so appreciate you making more people aware of this 🐢💚
I love your channel! Your videos are so good and I never get bored, keep it up ❤
On the last video, with the frosting, whats the point of this? to get a darker color you spend minutes reworking the frosting for unsure resoults, instead of adding more coloring that takes seconds. After a point we need to consider if this "hack" working or not is even worth the time it takes
Salting during cooking is always better but remember you can always add more but never remove it
Tiktok is so bad for recipes and any knowledge you can share actually, even things that work like the ginger milk pudding almost looked like a fake video because in that short time given you don't get to explain everything properly, it's not easily repeatable, and you don't get to just link an actual written recipe because tiktok is built for quick scrolling not taking a moment to visit another website
For salty I add sugar & lemon juice.
My question is: What even is the point of the food dye hack? A bottle of food dye costs roughly $2. You're saving at most, what, 5 cents per batch even if said hack were efficient while simultaneously wasting so much time and effort to try to make it work.
With the frosting, even if it did work, I don't see the point.  Why not just use a couple more drops of food coloring?
I thought the potato trick worked. just has to be a proportional amount of potato to salt. I have tried it myself but did not have an independent taste tester so I don't know if my result of salty potato and now-edible saag was powered by wishful thinking. Would be interested in a more thorough experiment. It took me 3 large, diced potatoes to make 2 servings of over-salted saag edible if I remember correctly. I had potatoes for days...
1thing that has helped but is quite wasteful🙈 if u have"un salted potato flakes" plop a few tbl into set boiled water&seive it from your soup base or liquid&pitch it to your trash it will really take salt with it
3:55 that happened to me
“Please don’t meme this” hahahahah
yay! dave finally got a good thing out of a debunking video that doesn't taste horible!
Please put a trigger warning when you talk about animal a-use
as an artist... the color thing doesn't make sense at all considering how pigment works.. and I experimented a lot with food coloring for art too... this could never work
Pour one out for the glassware lost for this video
I will solve the straw problem  ...drink from a glass..you may send gratuities now 😂😂😂
The frosting one I saw a girl melt the icing in microwave  then letting it cool and then rewhipped and the color stayed dark.
The fake animal rescue is flat out disgusting
Maybe, just maybe, with all the revenue youtube makes, they could have a team that watches videos with questionable and/or clickbait titles and remove the videos and channels. They could also report the video to the local authorities from where those horrific animal abuse videos come from. But hey, youtube is not particularly well known for its moral fibre. They'll demonetise anyone that mentions covid or sex or anything they decide is not family friendly but putting innocent creatures at risk is a-ok because hey, they didn't say the wrong words.
I have always used this hack of adding a few potato pieces to over salted curry and it has always worked
Dave actually look more apprehensive when he eats something that looks/supposed to be yummy lol
The potato does work, I always used a whole potato and usually it’s not too salty like adding all that
As someone who deals with a lot of cakes, that last “hack” isn’t a hack. If I’m doing something like that, then I’m usually just reusing unused frosting for my “crumb catcher” layer. It’s not something a client is ever going to actually see. Because it looks essentially watered down, for lack of a better phrase.  If she claims it works for her every time, I would like to see her do it on video with no edits and no going off screen.  Because I know it’s a lie.
"Please don't meme this." Dave got our number, haha. 😂 Bless this brave man and his abused taste buds!
Hi Ann. I saw a vid a little while ago with a guy putting chocolate and water today and said he make ganache. I was very very suspicious about this because I know how chocolate reacts to water and it’s pretty nasty. Lol.
As someone who's spent a career working with color, I knew immediately that rewhipping it would just put it back to the original color. Adding air is similar to lowering the opacity in Photoshop: you're thinning out the color. Rewhipping it to keep that color makes absolutely no sense if you're not adding more pigment.
For the potato hack, shouldn't we be testing the saltiness of the potatoes instead of the water?
Seeing willymac referenced on your channel is something I never saw coming
Tik Tokker: “Tell me that isn’t magic.”Ann: “It’s enzymes.”. Tik Tokker: “Tell me that isn’t magic.”Ann: “It’s enzymes.”.
I lov e recognizing the
I wish I had as much trust in anything as Dave has when he tips that mousse over
Ya eggs turn into pressure bombs, but maybe use safety equipment if your going to blow it up.
Hey Ann,  Loved the video.  I would, however, request you to re-test the potato hack.  It is a tried n tested hack in most Indian households.
The microwave eggs are so dangerous.  I can't imagine doing that kind of video without putting on safety glasses.  What if some burning hot egg lands in your eye?!!
The grandma advice I heard about salt and potatoes is for stuff like stews and the idea is that you leave the chopped potato inside a slightly oversalted stew, where it basically just dilutes the flavor while retaining bulk (as opposed to watering it down). While I haven’t tried it myself, I have noticed that any soups or stews that I make that already have potatoes need way more salt than I expect.
Can you debunk this guy spouting (from what I can tell with very quick reading Harvard articles) nonsense about seed oils and protein bars? I'd like to hear some real science behind whether he's got any sort of truth behind his speech, or just misinformation. (or malinformation)
Lemme give you a secret how Pakistani & Indian reduce salt if it gone excess. Just roll a small dough into a ball and put it in your grave for a minute or two and that does wonders. Later remove that dough.
these fake resque videos almost made me cry :((
Tanya has the best last name 😉
You already tried re whipping it to see if it retains the darker colour in your last video.
Can't we report the fake animal rescue videos as animal cruelty to legal authorities or animal organizations? Perhaps if even two or three people got punished for doing it instead of simply having the videos deleted, the rest would be a bit less eager to hurt the animals...
I feel like if you over salt your food, you just shouldn't eat it. Sure it may be a waste, but consuming a large amount of sodium can be really bad for you, especially with certain health conditions. It's best to just not put your body through that to begin with.
I think the buttercream experiment was different because you dyed the meringue and not the final buttercream. Also, there was no discussion of homogenization or concentration gradients. Not great.
interesting that your findings on the potato didn't work out, as my grandmother, when she was teaching me to cook, showed me a few times that a bit of pureed potato went a long way to reduce the taste of salt, and after tasting the before and after myself, can confirm that it did indeed work.
Kind of confused on how the chocolate mousse works. Like I’ve always heard that water and chocolate don’t mix, but here it works? Like is it an emulsion using the water and fat in the chocolate? 🤔
From a really simple high school science perspective, I just don't see how it's physically possible for the whipping/mixing/rewhipping process to magically produce a darker color in the same substance. The saturation of color we perceive in any object is simply and unequivocally a case of the pigment density, as in the amount of pigment per given mass and volume. If you have the same amount of pigment but reduce the volume, the pigment density is now higher and the object will appear darker/more saturated. But no matter what you do it, if you have the same amount of pigment in the same amount of material (by whipping the same amount of air back in), the color simply will not change.  The only other argument is that it's not merely an argument of pigment density, but there is some other physical or chemical reaction happening that is affecting the color. I could only imagine this to imply that there is something going on with heat, friction, agitation, or something like that. But none of those effects are being produced in sufficient quantities to change the color of food.  So between this elementary understanding of science, and Ann's experiments, I'm confident that the original hack is fully debunked.
I am a baker and if anything, a color can get darker but not by whipping it and re-whipping it over and over again but I’m by sticking it in the refrigerator overnight and sometimes it makes the color become darker because it just has timed I guess  or bloom or something. I’m not sure what it’s doing but it becomes darker and this especially happens with black gel food coloring, which I don’t use a lot of and open ice cream in milk in the microwave for 10 minutes how I burn it now now usually add some dark cocoa cal powder to that because I don’t like the taste of all that gel to YouTube how food coloring however that’s what happens when you stick it in the fridge and also when you take your butter cream and you melt it in the microwave and then re-whip it after you cook it in the fridge it will darken as well I’m not sure why but it is I don’t know all the scientific reasons behind it but it does and I’ve been a baker for 15 so I’ve already done my own experiments hundreds of times over. But those methods work to darken butter cream and by the way, I have not tried that with Swiss meringue buttercream so there’s no egg whites and it so I’m not sure if it works with that kind just plain buttercream #experiment
One time my great grandmother put an egg in the microwave for me and I was concerned about it because even as a child I knew that the steam would blow it up. Then it didn’t blow up. So I bit into it and it exploded in my mouth. She felt really bad
Hey Ann about the first hack using potato, its a hack commonly used in India,  you did it the wrong way we don't just add a block of raw potato, we add a few blocks of potatoes according to how much we want to lower the salt and we wait till the potato is cooked. This method is commonly used in south Indian chicken-potato curry, mostly in Kerala.
3:26   Your husband has caught on to your tricks, Ann. Better watch out.
6:26 Anyone that purposely puts an animal in danger for views/followers is absolute scum, a sad pathetic excuse for a human being, and deserves a very special place in hell just for them.. 😡🤬
Woo
Potato works
Lord Jesus is LORD of all for all time. The one and only. All other gods or idols or religions or cultural ideologies but Christ and Christianity are false. Be blessed! He is the One Way, One Truth, One Life ✝️❤️ John 3:16
animal aid is a real place and their videos are real.
I think I've seen this video already. But it has helped me to hit "Don't recommend channel" for a lot of this genre.
Despite your differences, I think a HTCT and Sugarologie collab would be awesome to see. Both of you working together on a cake and learning from each other's tricks and techniques would be so cool to watch. I don't care about the drama happening-I'm uninformed on it. But if you guys worked together, that cake would probably be the world's best. Please try :)
The turtle video is horrific. I am astounded at the callousness of some people.
I am delighted to learn the specifics of the mentos reaction from this video
There needs to be a special word for the "spam" or pap that consists of content-mill generated segments:  - fake hacks,  - captured stolen content,  - AI animated text-to-speech lectures on dubious topics like conspiracy theory and cult lore. - AI generated text-to-speech from Reddit content. It needs to be a category for the flagging menu, besides "Scam/Misleading" or "Self-Harm".
Hey, where would I send videos for you to debunk? Thank you!
I love Ann and Dave's relationship ❤
I had a thing for making poached eggs in the microwave. The instructions on the device said to pierce the yolk before you do that  I've seen a few videos with the frosting thing, I would whip my colors in with my butter first before whipping into full frosting because otherwise, you've made colorant flavor butter  I've heard of something like a genosh ganache made with water, I'd love to see someone explain how to make that function some of these fake rescue videos Critter isn't in distress, it isn't even their's
8:26 there is a hole in that coin.
God Love your husband, he's THE BEST sport!
Ann is amazing, but God bless Dave's stomach lol
Normally, if the title or caption of a rescue video has some grammatical errors I don't watch them. I feel that people who are less educated tend to do these sort of clickbaity things. I notice it with fake forest survival channels, as well. Maybe I'm just judgmental lol.
The potato hack does work. If your meat is salty you can add potato to reduce the saltiness. Even in rice. Just cut the potato in quarters and add it in different sections. Works like a charm
Great video! New subscriber.
We use the potato trick when we make curries in India .. It does work
I appreciate the way Ann handled the frosting debacle. Everyone was so unnecessarily harsh on her. I hate seeing people that follow one creator all gang up and attack another creator.  It's not that serious,  yet everyone acts like it's going to ruin their own lives entirely. It's absolutely insane.
Dave ur such a good sport all these year 😊😊
I've reported a ton of fake animal rescue vids on Facebook and Facebook finds the vids "don't violate their community standards."  Don't click on these types of videos, don't  "like" them. Don't give these types of videos the clicks for them to profit off of hurting animals. I wish social media would shut those types of creators down. :( I'm all for clicking on legitimate animal rescue videos so they get the likes bad hopefully profit off of viewers.
The exploding eggs ones just made me go "HAVE WE NOT HAD ENOUGH MICROWAVED EGG DAMAGE YET??" Honestly, this is just getting painfully stupid...
If you use too little paint over too large an area, the paint ends up faded as there is less pigment to cover the area. If you want the area covered with more pigment you need to add more paint.
Hope y’all made sure to get Dave lots of water after he drank all that salt. Wouldn’t want a good author to dehydrate!
wait so I wonder (not gonna test it myself), If u cooked an egg in the microwave and left it in there until it was cool, is it still gonna explode?
I have been cooking Indian cuisine for a long time and I have been adding potatoes if I add too much salt. I think it might be that potato increases the total volume of the dish and therefore dilutes the salt. So simply adding a potato to salty water would not work the same. I also agree that how it was shown in the video, where she simply puts the potato and then removes it, while it still looks uncooked, would not really affect the salt. I have been taught to incorporate the potato in the dish to adjust the salt, not simply let it be and then throw it out.
Isn't the point that the air bubbles make it lighter? You're stretching the same amount of colour over a larger surface area when there are more bubbles, ergo it will appear lighter. I don't see how it could be any different unless there is something weird happening with the proteins that we don't understand
I love Dave's "The things I do for my wife..." expression for the first chocolate "mousse"! He looks so pleasantly surprised it didn't end up disgusting.
❤ you are the original youtube cake artist. And my favorite. Thank you for all you do.
the potato hack is true though! It's maybe an eastern europe thing, but our grandmas always pass it on as a cool hack for cooking, and it always works
Love this channel so much. Love how Dave is so willing to drink salt water for Ann it’s hilarious 😂
Can you just add more food coloring to get it darker?
I just watched a video from EmKay about “cool guides”. One of them has me scratching my head, laughing and thinking “Anne, help! Is this real?”   The “guide” says   “Do you want your cake to taste like it came from a bakery? Follow these steps…  1. read the instructions on the cake mix.  2. Add 1 more egg (or 2 for an even richer cake) 3. Replace the oil with melted butter and double the amount. 4. Replace the water with an equal amount of milk.  5. Mix and bake according to package directions.   Anne, is this a legit guide or just a bad hack?
That turtle thing is sooo 😢 people are actually also abusing pet fish for views too. I also have a turtle named Peggy and a TON of fish
Wait.. I’m supposed to feel things with my fingernails?  That sounds like a lie.  Yes I know turtles can feel their shells.  But I also know I’ve never been in pain, discomfort, or even felt (other than a vibration) while clipping my nails.
The fake animal rescue videos are disgusting! I am so shocked - youtube should really review these
About the exploding eggs, I saw a Tiktok where someone was testing it, and the egg had a little explosion. No one in the description or in the comments was talking about the risks. I commented that it was dangerous, and that if people wanted to know more, they could watch your video, and my comment was the first comment on this Tiktok!
I recall hearing about a trick similar to the potato hack, but using cucumber instead. Do you think there could be any truth to that? (The person who told me this was a professional chef, so I can imagine he would know what he was talking about.)
I'd love to see the first experiment with a TDS meter. Spare your poor husband 😂
The potato one actually does work. We've doing it forever i just think "water" is not the best way to test it. Whenever we made a broth that was a bit salty we add non baked potato to it at the end and it does make it less salty. Edit: it's important that i mention that you need to leave it a while and if you can let it boil a bit with the broth
I hope people learn to deal with and accept criticism and change.  Doing one thing wrong or something someone doesn't like doesn't mean you as a person are judged. And even if someone doesn't like you, that's ok.  As long as we can get through a door toghether 😂 this doesn't translate at all, but it amuses me!  But in the meantime, more comments = happy youtube algorithm. Hurray for Ann!
#experiment but I used store bought frosting so my results may not be suitable for comparison with Ann’s. I had about 400ML to start with and added some colouring. After the stick blender I had around 300 ML and the colour was indeed darker. I tried to aerate the frosting again and that actually worked and I got about 409 ML again but the colour turned lighter.
What I learned from this is that some people are just the worst
Regarding the animal rescue videos, it sometimes helps to look at their channel first. Sometimes its the exact same place where they "rescue" the animal and often times its obviously completly different people witj different uniforms. Sadly its not possible to see it to 100% at first glance, but if its an organisation you often times have a small group of people rescuing animals from all sorts of places and posting videos of the pet recovering and just beeing happy/ maybe even beeing adopted. Clicl bait channels often times dont do that because thoose videos typically dont get that many interactions.
I can’t believe the potato hack doesn’t work! I’ve done it so many times and it works for me! My family has done it many times and we leave the potatoes in the meal
I wonder if the time Adriana let the frosting sit in between each phase plays into it. I’ve seen where leaving frosting overnight will help develop the color. I wonder if that is playing into it.
I liked the addition of the ginger milk pudding. It's a good mid-video break from people just lying and misrepresenting hacks and tricks
but potatoes does absorb salt. you have to cook it till it boils.
Ann, didn't you make an italian buttercreme and not a swiss buttercreme?
The only way you could really fix this, is not let any idiot in the entire world make content with zero oversight until after the fact. We'd have to go back to television standards which is not going to happen I imagine.
Classy 👏
I heard about using a potato to get rid of salt in cooking probably 30 years ago.
The Trick with the potatoe in the salty water only works if you put More potatoe in the water. But it cant fix any amount of salt
Your husband's reactions are hilarious 😂
Dave, mate, the things you go through for us... You come to London mate, I'm buying you several pints.
I usually only watch animal rescue videos if I know the source can be trusted, for example RSPCA and The Dodo, in the latter one the person responsible for the rescue is talking about it during a video call.
Real shame I hate ginger. The milk pudding sounds nice
About the animal rescue videos. I don't think it is necessary to film the rescue. I don't watch any rescue videos and I think we should boycott them. If someone really wants to safe animals there is no need to film and publish it on the internet
This channel deserves 10 million subscribers
My grandmother used the potato hack. She said that it worked, I never tried it.  Any person who can hurt an animal for freaking clicks is a monster!
Poor Dave gets all the good jobs lol
#experiment  I tested the colour thing. I tried both water and oil food colouring and I tried both American and swiss butter cream and as started rewhipping them, I saw the colour drain.   With Swiss bc, I couldn't rewhip to the same volume (maybe due to permanent volume loss of the egg white portion). But as the volume (air) was added, the colour started fading. It seems impossible to add colourless air to mixture and expect the colour not to to be diluted.   Indeed when you whip butter, it becomes paler and paler the more air is incorporated. Now here I did something interesting... I used the immersion blender on the whipped butter and the whipped butter lost some volume and it became yellower again! So the theory that the intense colour is due to emulsification goes out the window. 20:31
The fake animal rescue videos are horrific. ☹️
The potato hack actually works. I've been doing this for years. But i use at least a half potato when i want to fix my soup.
i'm shocked by the fake turtle rescues!! X,X it's so blatantly obvious that they glued the "barnacles" on why would anyone watch that? how absolutely horrifying
rescue vidoe creators who can NOT verify their offical rescue service should be banned permanently from youtube, any only channels who can prove their officiality, should be allowed to post rescue videos.
Honestly, removing the air from the frosting means I can taste the food colouring a lot more, and it doesn't taste great to say the least, that and the texture is just thick and gooey. Just make good frosting, it could look like a horse dragged it out of the gutters only to throw up in it, but if it tastes good I will sit with a bowl and a spoon of that frosting.
I am living for Buttercream Gate! I would love to see you and Adriana do a collaboration. It seems like the vibes are a bit tense since you disagree but more communication would probably help with that. It would be super entertaining to watch you work this out together since you are both passionate about baking and science.
Not only does ginger have those enzymes, it has a lot of starch as well, which probably also helps make the milk jelly a little more cohesive.
I’m so appreciative of you drawing attention to the fake animal rescue videos, there are SO MANY of them and every big channel that mentions it helps so much in keeping people aware and starting to slow the spread of those horrendous videos.
Bless you, Dave Reardon
The potato does work, I do this
Can you test the hack that says melt the frosting to get a darker color next please ❤❤
13:33 Dave, with a grin, "I like it!" ❤❤
WHERE do these people get their dumb ideas??
I will not do the frosting 'hack' because I don't see the point of it. Why going through so much hassle to get the result you'd get if you just add a few drops more of colour? That's kinda counter intuitive for a 'hack' that's supposed to make things easier and better, isn't it? If it costs mr more time and more energy to maybe get the same result but most likely not, what's the point of trying? I'd rather not risk it and just keep my fluffy frosting just adding a bit more colour to it to make it darker
i saw the original person who made the coloured frosting video accuse you of using your bigger platform to bully them
I actually saw a  turtle rescue video as a short this afternoon, I feel very sad for the animal if it wasn't genuine.😢
I hope that some day, the TikTok community will learn about safety glasses, but today is not the day.
I use the potato in salty foods trick however I've always been taught to use the whole potato, not just a little piece. I always thought it worked but now I'm just thinking it was mind over matter.
I demand a video of a feast made for Dave where he only gets to eat Ann's most delicious food to compensate for all the bad shit he's got to taste.
lol.? People don’t know ginger milk pudding is real??
I think you should try the first one with something other than water, if you had something with a lower water content than the potato it might work differently  Also maybe even try soaking the potato in water first?  Not trying to debunk your debunking, just very intrigued if it’d make a difference! ☺️
The animal rescue videos - how horrible is it that people are purposely putting animals in danger to “rescue” them???? I think paying attention to what the channel name is can help differentiate between the real and fake ones. If it’s a ASPCA type organization or a city based one, it’s more likely to be real than one named after a person. Unfortunately the middle area is the small rescues that are going to have to work harder to be found and come across as real.
Honestly, the potato hack actually works, try it again please, but not with just salty water and one slice of potato, use at least broth and a whole potato 🙏
You're like media watch for YouTube 💖 thank you for your service!
I have been on a YouTube hiatus for a while and I forgot how much I love your videos
My grandmother’s secret spaghetti sauce recipe includes oversalting and adding potatoes. Apparently the kids in her house loved eating the salty potatoes
rất tốt🎉🎉🎉
Ok what I’m holding. My pee
That ginger milk pudding trick looks like it works a lot like posset, but perhaps more finicky? I assume that the lemon juice in posset is a little different from the ginger trick, but I'm curious as to how.
The ginger milk thing as a trick from prison
I just want to mention something that I don't think I've heard anyone say and I don't understand why is it such a big deal to get rid of plastic straws but have the plastic cups that the drink is an still and we still just the role of a couple way that's 10 times more plastic but that's perfectly fine
I love that you added a disclaimer that you’re not trying to start icing drama, I don’t think any of us would suspect that from you 😂❤
When I was younger, my aunt warmed an already boiled egg in the microwave for my sister. Luckily it burst before anyone open the door and no one was hurt, but hearing about how bad it could have turned out is strange to think about since we all kind of laughed it off. I’m grateful we only ended up with a mess to clean, but it really goes to show just how important the videos you make are.
I have 0 editing skills but Id really love to go back throigh all of Anne's videos and create a compliation of Daves reactions. Not the full thing, just a few seconds from each taste test. So itlll be "ooh, ah, oh yuck, *winces*, yummy!"
I've seen other bakers but a small amount of frosting into the microwave and add it to the big batch Im curious about that
comment
That animal rescue one made me really sad 😢 my dogs are my whole life, and I’ve always loved turtles. I have turtle tattoos, and a 4 year old slider. I can’t imagine someone abusing an animal to “rescue” it just for views 😔. Wish there was a warning on that part of the video
I think your rewhipped icing is lighter. It could have been lighting, but it was odd
I miss the cooking
I was hoping someone else would say it, but I haven't quite seen it. Spotting legit rescues is difficult, but not impossible: There are a few things to look for.  1. Do they have actual adoption information with a legitimate, physical address? And are they only asking for money or are they also hoping to collect volunteers(especially volunteer vets)? A legit rescue is always short of resources both time and money and a legit rescue will need ample amounts of both to be effective.  2. Are they rescuing very similar-looking animals in similar circumstances? Do the injuries match the claim of how the injuries were reported to have happened? (An example being does it say dog bite and look like a dog bite or say dog bite but look like a cut?) 3. Does the condition of the animal match it’s environment? I’ve seen white fluffy kittens in mud- if they’re too dirty or too clean, be suspicious.  4. Look at the place the pets are being kept- does it look like a home or a shelter, or someone’s back porch or garage? Are they just filling a syringe with some strange liquid and feeding the animal or are they taking it to an actual vet in a sterile environment and assessing the animal properly? A good example is checking a cats eyes, ears, teeth for any conjunctivitis or any signs of infections? Are they properly quarantining the animal before knowing its health status?(Things like FiV, parvo, etc) If we all do our part to keep an eye out and don't hesitate to act, we can keep these videos to a minimum.
Your videos are the best!! I love how thoughtful you are, and you always make me smile 😊
The potato hack does work, the issue here is that the slice wasn't big or thick enough. My family has done this on several occasions. It's saved some really nice soups, and one fantastic gumbo.
A good way to tell if a rescue video might be fake is whether or not they show the after. If there are updates on the animals condition it's a good chance it's real. Another tip is if it seems all the "rescue" videos look like they might be the same animal, or like in Dan's video, you see signs like clue or if things look too deliberately placed to be natural it's is probably fake. Also during the rescue do you get any explanation of how the animal ended up in the situation and how the rescuer found out. If they are a professional, they should have equipment and possibly a team. If they are just a person who happened upon the animal they will probably have to improvise.
It's a good thing to try also - some people like a denser frosting, and don't like a lot of coloring - so it's a great tip to know if that's your style of thing! Knowing options to have in your toolbox of baking, and also just trying stuff out is a great thing I think. See if it works for you. worse comes to worse? You have a very sweet test day that isn't something you repeat but then you know what you think. maybe you like the denser frosting and it works perfectly for you, or you learn you'd prefer to just use a different style and alternate coloring techniques. I'm glad you took a moment to revisit it at least - it's appreciated to see.
I love this very elegant & respectful solution to some very nasty drama. Thank you for being a level headed adult Ann.
I'm no expert in turtles, but I've always heard they have nerves in their shells.  However, turtle guy is wrong about our fingernails.  We do not have nerves in them.  We feel stuff on our nails because of their attachment to the nail bed, not because we sense things through the nail itself.  Once the nail is removed from the nailbed (either through force or growing out), you cannot feel anything done to the nail that doesn't affect the bed.
I have a solution. Start a process of verifying animal rescue societies and promoting them. You tube has started verifying doctors and medical practitioners. Rescue centers are usually charities, which they have to prove charity status for tax purposes.  I'm sure this can be done for a number of different professions too that use YouTube as a platform
I forget if you did this in a video, but can you "debunk" how different risers work? Like baking soda and yeast?   The one I am very curious about is baking powder and why it doesn't seem to work as well in loafs (like a zucchini loaf)
The fake animal rescue videos actually upset me. Local animal cops would get get involved, cause that is animal abuse.
Love the shot for shot recreation of the chocolate video 😂
The number of times Ann goes to Dave and says “try this” and he just does it while bracing for the whatever gross thing is about to pass his lips is astounding to me. That’s love.
Thank you for this video! ☺🌺
Should Dave have taken sips of plain water in-between as palate cleansers?
I have tried that buttercream  hack at work with colour mill (which is an oil based colour). After blending it, it’s too running to ice a cake with it (I also believe this has to do with the amount of extra oil I put in from the colouring). so I put it in the fridge and rewhip it before using it. I never remeasured, but I can say it made a big difference in the colour. I only do this for dark colours though, like black & red, as they take up a lot of colour.
On the frosting experiment I believe I discovered something a few years ago that became a common practice in the cake world until this new method came about. I theorised that the reason the colours weren't intense was because the fat in the butter is repelling the gel colourant, so an emulsion would need to be made. I made the emulsion but taking up to 1/4 of the coloured frosting and softening it in the microwave almost to the point of melting, then allowing that to cool slightly before whipping back into the frosting. This allowed me to get super deep rich red, black and navy colours that are very difficult with buttercream. This works for both American and Swiss/Italian Meringue buttercreams.  I only used it for red, blue and black really as those colours tend to develop more as the frosting sits, but are also develped quicker by heat. Would love to see if that works for you! :)
The first one really works!! Its very common to do with potatoes, carrots and another ones
Wish I had known that the animal videos were going to be shown. I certainly wouldn’t have watched.
Hey! Just curious, here in Brazil, the potato tip is very common. I really thought it worked when I added a larger amount of potatoes and let them cook until tender.
Wow, I had no idea there were fake animal rescue videos.  I remember seeing the picture (thumbnail) of the puppies in tar (and, no, I did not watch it as I'd seen the first one with the adult dog being rescued).  Had no idea it was fake, and it's highly disturbing that people would endanger an animal, cause it mental and physical trauma, for clicks/likes.  What is wrong with people?!
The potato hack only works if you cube the potato and leave it in the dish, because the blandness of the potato helps to balance the saltiness. It's an old cowboy/voyageur trick for correcting stews made with salt pork. Plus, it added starch and fiber from the skins to give a bit of more complete nutrition.
Hearing that people are pranking others by giving them a microwaved egg to cut into just makes my blood boil. It's worse than pretending to be hurt or anything that you'd see in regular jerk prank videos; cutting into a microwaved egg can burn someone terribly! I just-- I can't stand it. I hate the mean-spirited prank video genre. It's made even worse when actual danger is involved.
This potato thing does work, but it's not as easy as she makes it seem.
Okay, but in the original frosting TicToks she EXPLICITLY STATES that she uses american buttercream. Of course this would work differently with meringue; egg whites and butter are completely different substances. Your entire experiment is moot.
Hi, my sister tried making a jelly ice lolly and she said that it broke the lollipop stick. Is my sister just unlucky or did the jelly really break the lolly stick?  The video boasted no more drips and my sister used plastic mould lolly’s and plastic sticks.
I can’t believe people actual do this to animals 😢 so so horrible!!
I think it's interesting that Dave said it was as salty as the ocean, yet still proceeded to swallow it...
#experiment tried it myself and asked the patessier in my kitchen and both results align with your findings  the air makes it lighter.
Dave is such a trooper.
Great video as always
I fail making that warm ginger milk pudding, maybe because the water and air from steam wand I use to warm it. Okay, lets try it again using normal stove. Or is it possibly because I add a little sugar on it previously?
"please done meme this" also says "Go D" 😂 I love that man sometimes.
In science class, We had to do the potatoe in water and salt water to see like osmosis in all its effektive glory and bacially potatoe takes in water not salt like if there is more salt in the water around the potato the potatoe Will give away water and if there is less salt the potatoe Will take in water soooo idk why she would Think the potatoe takes the salt away?
It would cost me much less to get the same results by adding more food coloring. The time it would take to whip, blend, and then re-whip the frosting would be prohibitive in comparison.
I love you so much but...why didn't you use salinity test strips, readily available, instead of torturing your wonderful husband!?
Honestly, I think the egg explosion thing has been debunked or explained by Ann a long time ago. I was actually shocked when it became a trend and literally thought 'how dumb can people be?'
Hi Ann, Idk if you’re going to read this but can you help me debunking Milo drinks whether they have vitamins that they said they have. Or it was all a lie.   My sister said they didn’t actually contains any vitamins. So I kinda confuse. Idk who to believe. Since you love to discover the truth, maybe you are the one that can answer this question.   I love to drink Milo because I thought it’s healthy but ever since my sister said they only contain sugar i stop drinking it because I don’t like to drink something i think is healthy but it’s actually not.   I hope you can help me.
#experiment Adriana is full of it. I used her buttercream recipe & coloured it. Then I blended it - all the air was knocked out & it was brighter coloured but not very much like frosting. I tried re-whipping it without much success but it did go lighter with a little air introduced to it.
Can you maik a chocolait pinata? If you serch the video in  google you can chek it aut
As always, the best part of the interwebz right here!
There are so many cool and amazing things in the world that it's sad and pathetic that some feel the need to lie for content and clicks. It's also really disturbing that some put dangerous content on their channels with no disclaimers, cautions, or thought to the potential consequences of what they're posting.
Wow the animal one makes me sick
i once accidentally made milk pudding; i had the milk in a pot on the stove, heating up to add flakes for quick rice porridge, then something came up, i turned off the stove, left the pot there, went about my day, i don't know quite how long time passed, but it might have been some hours later, i came back and the milk was like pudding!  i ended up not eating it though, since i wasn't sure if it was still good or not _xD
My two loves in one video... Food and the scientific method.
The fake animal rescue videos are breaking my heart 😥❤️ poor animals
The hack with potato is actually real if you're doing it right. That TikTok one was a fail, it's a mixture of misinformation and good acting. My family been using that hack for generations if we're accidentally made soup / any dishes too salty. How to: - add (obviously more than just a piece) thick or diced potatoes - add a bit more water - leave it boiling for 5 - 10 minutes (this helped the potatoes absorbed the saltiness in water) - taste it, correct the taste, and it's nice and ready   ALSO I HOPE PEOPLE WHO ABUSED ANIMALS BE ABUSED THE SAME WAY IN LIFE AND DEATH
I just reported a video that encourages people to cook eggs on a microwave in order to watch the explosion. Thank you Ann for making me aware of this risk and allowing me to try to defend the health of others.
8:19 if only dislike numbers can still be shown, thats usually how i know if that video is bad or not.
In my experience cheese also works to disguise salt
what doesn't make sense is how all those rocks would go onto the turtle anyway? Besides that, anyone doing that should be completely banned from YouTube and not even allowed anywhere near poor defenseless animals. Just because an animal may not be able to speak or show signs of being hurt does not make it okay. We should protect these animals at all costs from these disgusting people.
Love it!
Dave is by and far the best taste tester out there and such a good sport,
Your hair is so lovely done in loose wavy curls!  What is your favorite way to do up your hair when you're cooking BTW?
About "too much salt" I heard a hack, where you put rice in the dish and boil it. Rice absorbs the salt. You can out it in the cheese cloth and take it out when it is done
For making a sauce less salty you're supposed to "grind" one small potato into it ☺️
When I was 16/17, I made the Australian Women's Weekly Ladybird Cake as a class project for my child studies class (which turned me off even further from having my own kids, particularly after the segment where we had to look after a robot baby for a few days, but I digress) using buttercream frosting like the recipe says (my mum has the original cookbook, so I can't remember which frosting it was exactly), and after decorating, I refrigerated it - I think I finished before most of my classmates?? Anyway, when I took the cake out of the fridge, the colours were so much more vibrant, which I was so thankful for because my black was looking very grey before that.
hi ann, do you think you could have another go at stupid cleaning hacks, particularly as it applies to cheap, disposable plastic products?  presumably in the name of sustainability people are "cleaning" all sorts of disposable plastic items now, starting with plastic hairbrushes and combs, plastic bath sponges, to toothbrush ends (no no no no) and plastic cutlery and cups. "reuse" usually the hacks/tutorials involve baking soda + vinegar (and often specify to buy high-end apple cider vinegar or it won't work 😂), freezing, microwaving the sponges, soaking whatever it is for hours, dousing stuff in boiling water or outright boiling the hairbrushes, then theatrically pouring out gallons of obviously fake yellow-dish-soap coloured "gunk" that this amazing cleaning combo of salt and warm water has somehow created.  meanwhile the products weren't designed to be cleaned, and not only do they stay filthy and retain most of the bacteria, after being soaked they can also retain water and develop mildew or worse (hairbrushes), often outright deform, or at the very least degrade or start shedding microplastics when exposed to high heat.  somehow it's become a sign of greatest virtue to just never buy another damn plastic hairbrush.
since air doesnt have color it should give lighter shade to the dye for our eyes since it "dilutes" the color
Paper straws, as an autistic person, make me very upset. On the plus side, I've invested in silicone re-usable straws which make me very happy! 😅
I took one look at the 'spoons levitating coin' trick and thought to myself, the batteries aren't in a circuit.
Anyone who deliberately harms an animal just for views should be covered in melted glue and rubber before being thrown into the desert.
Its really amazing ❤❤❤❤❤
I know you've been told this a lot but it's forever helpful when you give alternatives or the proper way to make something instead of leaving it debunked as that
Liars will do anything for likes...
Fwiw, Mythbusters did tests on Mentos and Diet Coke a year before that paper was published.
Dave: Not very moussey *slurrrp*
With colouring butter cream darker. I usually take a small qty of the whipped and ready coloured butter cream (about 2 tablespoons from a full batch) Heat it for a few seconds in the microwave until melted. That darkens the cream. I cool it down before adding it to the rest of the butter cream and mixing well. I repeat this until I achieve the desired colour .
Ann high key calling that lady a lying bitch  by being completely nice is legendary.
How does he know what drinking water out of a tuna tin taste last like?
Love Ann, one of the most genuine and real YouTubers out there, so I love it how sometimes you just look absolutely over some of these obviously fake “hack” videos 😂
There are some videos showing actual sea turtles where UNAUTHORIZED people are removing barnacles. I don’t know it they are authentic or not, but I’ve flagged them for removal on grounds of there not being a disclaimer. Specifically, in the US, Sea Turtles are a protected species. It would be against the law for unauthorized people to be going out and capturing sea turtles, even barnacle encrusted ones. Add to that people not knowing what they are doing, going and whacking and hammering on the barnacles, or using a super sharp knife to cut barnacles off. The risk of harming the sea turtles is even greater.
I'm no scientist, but isn't it completely normal for the color to get lighter when there's air in it? Like, the air causes the space in the mass and basically spreads out the pigments, making it look lighter? Like snow looking white because there's individual ice crystals, reflecting the light and making it look white, while it's transparent once you consense it into a bals of solid ice, with no air, so no individual particles. Or a balloon that's being inflated, stretching out what is basically it's original surface mass and the pigmented material, making it wear thin. Even color is part of a physical make up. There is never going to be more of a mass, just because you spread or enhance it, it's just gonna wear thin. There shouldn't be a way of having air in it and be the same color as with less air in it. I mean, that's how I see it.
I watch these videos with my 9 year old, I really appreciate being able to show her why to be careful with TikTok and the like.
Why does the egg explode
nobody going to mention the lemon coke at 4:01? i can only find that coke design specifically for hong kong, been discontinued in a lot of the world and those that do get it only get a crappy sugar free version
I did the #experiment!  The color was lighter after I whipped it the second time. Plus, I lost 50ml of volume.  We love you, Anne!
Great video as always! I really love these debunking video's!!
I have seen some bakers heating the buttercream and then rewhipping to get the color darker. I was wondering if that trick actually works?
Ann, can I just say: Your hair is so pretty!
8:26 I laughed at this one because I saw a video saying 2 truths and a lie but it was talking about scientific fact and this was one of the lies and they explained how they did by just putting the video in reverse
I love your vids
I think the reason is: in the video she used gel food colouring which is much thicker and has a hard time dissolving/breaking down into smaller pieces. When she blended it, the pieces got much smaller, so there was more surface area on the colour which made it more intense. Then when she whipped it back up again, she could see more of the colour. You used a more runny colour that completely mixed into the icing so you didn’t notice a difference when it was whipped back up
I learned about the potato and salt thing from Krieger from archer 😂
I remember watching the ginger milk pudding video and believing her
Thanks for explaining the scientific method at the end. For animal rescue videos, I watch them on YouTube so I know what channel has made them.
13:56 That dude's plotting to steal the moon.
We will never be rid of the exploding eggs 😩
姜汁撞奶（The ginger milk pudding）is a famous Cantonese dessert 😍
The potato one works, but, its used in big soups and you need to add more potato, my grandma used it and I can tell you it works. You are not fixing a salt soup with a slice of potato tho hahaha
the thing about the denser frosting.... you have the same mass if frosting but a much smaller amount because it's compressed. so if you wanted thr vivid colour but to save on dye, you end up having to make much more frosting and use more of all ingredients including dye.....
Ann mentioned it’s the texture that you risk of messing up if you try the icing hack, and that can be very important (and not mentioned in Adrianna’s video).  I think the main cause of this ‘drama’ is Adrianna feels insulted that Ann called out her icing back video, which to the u trained eye DOES look like a very content-farm type video.   Adrianna is hyper-focusing on the face that Ann didn’t do it right, and that the icing CAN be foamed up and darker in colour again.  But I think what Ann is trying to convey (specifically here) is what she left OUT of the video.   You need a very specific setup/tools in order to do this ‘hack’. Adrianna also did not mention the loss of volume and the texture change like Ann did here.   All in all I’d say Ann has given us more info on the icing hack and it’s pro’s and con’s than Adrianna ever did in her vid. Bye!
I gotta say that the potato hack works! Usually in my house we add to the salty food (liquid usually, like oversalted rice that hasn't finished cooking or sauce) and let the potato cook completely. But we do add way more potato (a whole potato for 1 cup of rice I would say).  Love the videos!
I can’t believe people are pranking their family and friends with microwaved eggs! It makes me so sad that they aren’t even stopping to consider their loved ones safety their more concerned about getting views
People can get serious burns from messing with eggs in microwaves
A TikTok video just came up today of a guy "rescuing" a turtle that had turned over but it was very obvious it was staged.
as someone who's had a microwave egg burst and scald my eyelid, it's no joke. It could have blinded me if I had been slightly less lucky
I immediately noticed that the consistency of the mousse was different than it should be when they cut to the pour shot
Ann is out here saving lives - thank you for all you do! 💗
Thank you as always
I can’t imagine a sane human being causing harm to animals like that, they’re literally a lost cause and I hope those monsters have the life they deserve
Would the change in heat (warming up) account for the lack of re-fluffing? Or do you think there is a mechanical breaking down of the particles?
Anne inspires me to be the best version of myself, both in and out of the kitchen.   Make it a great week! ❤
That egg blast has happened with me almost 10 years ago. My mom kept telling me not to put eggs in the microwave but I did it anyway. Learned my lesson in an intense. 😂😂
in terms of saltiness, I found out that if you skimm the soup or whatever you are cooking, it gets rid of the saltiness.
姜撞奶 is a *classic* Chinese dessert and super easy to make, although how firm you get it mostly depends on the milk's protein content. When I make it is usually ends up with the firmness of a slightly watery egg custard, but it's still really good.
This channel really needs to get off the 'debunking' it's incredibly cringey when you are wrong and even worse when you rely on others content to make your own.
my dad told me (when i was a child in the 90s) that in the early 80s a coworker tried to cook a whole egg in the microwave, and there was a bang and it exploded. fortunately in the microwave, but i knew not to do that for decades. i hope kids wont do this anymore
I’m going to say something here. I wanted to watch Adrianna’s video to get both sides of the story. I want to mention the 3 things Adrianna has mentioned that her explanation video has debunked on its own, and which is consistent with Ann’s theory and results.  1. Adrianna believes the colour particles are sticking to the water when being emulsified. Brightening their pigment, so when you re-whip it the colour will not change back but you will return to the original volume.  This is slightly annoying because as she’s doing the experiment in real-time and swipes the shade of before, after emulsified, and after whipping - The before shade and after whipping shade is way more identical than the emulsified shade…consistent with Ann’s results. Yet on the video she keeps repeating “there is no difference, there is no change”. It’s like she’s just saying that so viewers can comment and say there is, to boost her video. Hence why I never commented and have come to post about it here.  2. If Adrianna’s theory is true on colour clinging to water and not to do Ann’s air theory…then the emulsified butter cream should only be decreasing in volume consistent with the amount of Food colouring being added. She even goes as far as to say perhaps the type of food colouring added makes a difference. But if anything, Ann’s “air being added and removed” theory makes more sense as the volume in both their mixes (despite what kind of butter cream recipe or method they use) significantly decreases and increases before and after being emulsified…consistent with Ann’s theory and adding question marks to Adrianna’s colour clinging to water theory.  3. When there was a decrease in volume and she wasn’t able to return it to the initial volume…Adrianna claimed it was due to tranfer lost. But that would have to be one clumsy scientist to look 100 to 150 mls of product between transfer. So how reliable is the rest of her experiment really?   Im calling this her clinging to her 15 minutes of fame as Ann is well known around here 😄
13:05 pleasant surprise! Always a bit irritating when recipes add that dreaded “FRESH works better!” PLOT TWIST  Sometimes the older the… gooder??         Better, older the better
The coloured icing I tried before your first video on the subject and it didn't work at all. I've made hundreds of cakes and this one was just impossible.   I ruined two whole batches of Swiss meringue buttercream trying to replicate it because at first I thought perhaps I had done it wrong. It made my icing a really bad texture. It was way over mixed and flat, it didn't spread very nicely and it honestly wasn't that stable at room temperature. I wound up tipping both batches in the bin and had to make a whipped ganache icing because I didn't have any butter left.  It doesn't improve the colour and it makes your icing a really odd and (imo) bad texture.  I'm really glad you tested this one Ann, I felt really crappy not being able to make my best friend's birthday cake the way I had envisioned in my head, and I had to completely change the recipe because of it. The new cake I made was fantastic, but I was so stressed trying to make that cake and if I wasn't an experienced baker the cake probably wouldn't have gotten made.
The potato one does work for me, but you need much more potato than that little slice
Just airbrush the color 9n if you want less food dye
When the turtle bit started I had a genuine moment wondering if this was going to turn dark and she was going to make Turtle Soup...
When I saw the egg videos trending, the first thing I thought about was the video were you explained that! I saw a guy that burned his eyes by cooking the egg in the microwave ☹️
I'll say what you don't want to say: the frosting "hack" is a complete BULLSHIT! The blender does not create a new chemical reaction or binding of the color to the frosting, it's just knocking the air out like you said.
For food colouring when I need a darker color I use a base which is not white. For example I could use a lottle red + orange to get to my preferred colour. Except if it's some dark yellow or pink, which we will need to use more food colouring. Today there is so many brands that has those strong colora that is not worth it.  I do prefer not use too much as it can change the flavour of the food. I at lwast can taste it, so I do not use so much.
Dave is such a good sport.
Love the channel❤
Did this with pink buttercream. Ultra whipped it's light. Blended it goes darker. Whipped up again it goes light again. The end.
Her poor husband, drinking that Salty Water.
This was an interesting video. But I'm curious about the eggs. How do you even microwave them? I had an egg-cooker for the microwave with I have just tossed because it usually produced half-raw eggs. The last time I tried finish cooking the egg in the microwave I had the displeasure to clean my whole microwave from the leftovers of an exploded egg. I now stick to cooking eggs in the pot, that produces a way more repeatable result.  I've heard that the potatoe-trick should actually work, but I think it depends on how much salt is in and maybe on the dish? Its also advice thats still in a lot of cooking books. So I can imagine that it somewhat changes a texture? Or that it absorbs some salt? So maybe it works if you have "two salt shakes" too many but not with rather large amounts? I haven't tried it myself but my mum had with good results. Or could it be that the type of potatoe also makes a difference?
The amount of "puppy rescue" videos I've seen where the creator has blatantly dumped them in a river or elsewhere then taken the time to set up a camera to film the "rescue" rather than just help them makes me feel sick
#experiment I used a Swiss meringue butter cream with 4 drops of food colour which was about 230ml. After blending the texture completely changed, the butter cream became glossy (and extremely runny!) the colour was more intense but it measured only 180ml. After putting it on the fridge and whipping it again it was back to almost the original volume (220ml) but the colour was as pale as before. (and I have photo evidence if anyone doubts my results)  So, surprise, surprise: it was the air after all. Of course air 'diluted' the colour. If you ever made fondant yourself you know that the white colour comes (traditionally) solely from the air you knead into the mixture.   Great video as ever, please keep up the amazing content!
8:56 Ye olde TOKUSATSU illusion! 13:42 In Japan, there was already a request in a program called "Knight Scoop" before the internet developed(Aired on 24/12/1993 JST), and it was proven to be "dangerous", so it probably doesn't exist.
real ones remember anne made the mousse one on her channel before
3:01 The doctor after I give him my urine sample.
your first example is flawed because you did not re-create the issue at hand, you made up your own scenario.  You just made salt water, BUT what the claim claimed was for over salted FOOD,  not water.   the hack is NOT debunked at all because you failed to recreate the experiment correctly.
i feel like ann talks about microwave eggs in every video😆
can we just appreciate how she is fighting the big fight (calling out fake/dangerous videos) and is doing such a great job!! What a wonderful person! Shame on youtube tho for not doing anything like at all...
For the buttercream, I microwave half of it and melt it down. The melted buttercream is much darker. Then I add it back, chill and rewhip it a little and it’s darker :) idk about the volume though. I don’t rewhip it for minutes at a time, I just do a little bit. I also use American buttercream not Swiss meringue
I remember finding a fake animal rescue video posted by viral hog. A guy "found" a bird with its beak lodged into a large plant stem, so it wasn't wood, but the poor thing couldn't do anything do pull itself out. The guy approached the poor bird and nudged it to make it sway solely on it's neck, before taking it out and letting it go free. And you could tell the bird was exhausted, because it really didn't do anything to fight back. Luckily it was strong enough to fly away, but the video got taken down pretty quickly once the commenters pointed out how uncaring towards the animal that guy was and how unlikely it had been for this bird to find itself in that predicament in the first place on its own.
Love your videos! The ginger milk pudding is real - it’s a traditional dessert very famous in Hong Kong. Was afraid for a sec you may “debunk” it but glad you got it to work and Dave loved it! (Thanks also for the tip to use “old ginger” - may explain why my attempts never set properly 😅)
Thank you for all those debunking videos, I watch each and every one of them :) And by the way, your hair in this video looks so nice.
Thanks for bringing awareness to the animal rescue videos! Every time I see those I report the video and I warn people commenting on them.  I urge everyone to do the same. If you can’t see the rescuer’s face, if they don’t speak in the video, if there’s no aftermath (see the animal at the vet being taken card of) and if you can’t tell where the video was recorded, be suspicious.  Thanks again!!❤
The fake animal rescue videos are horrifying. I'll be watching cutesy animal content, and then get a video of a "rescue" and it'll be a kitten that looks like it's on deaths door, then the rescuer "nurses" the kitten back to health with the example that comes to mind giving the kitten an iv that clearly didn't go into a vein (they didn't even shave the thing to search for one, they just stuck it in) but then afterwards you get footage of a happy healthy kitten and the reality sets in. They took a happy healthy kitten and they put it on death's door so they could have the before and after footage for their "rescue"
16:30 is that swiss meringue or italian meringue?
Great video as always, I’d really appreciate it if you added a warning about the distressing images of animals, the fact that people are doing that on purpose really breaks my heart!
Adriana is dumb. Don't be like Adriana.
I love Ann flipping the script and challenging us to critically think ❤
the tiktoks trying to debunk ann are so funny
My mum always used to put a regular bread dough in a shape of ball for sometime in a dish like curry etc if she put salt 2 times by mistake. simmer for sometime and it used to suck some salt from the soup or curry and that used to always work.
The worst animal rescue vid I saw was a poor dog in the middle of a huge pile of sticky tar, despicable. I hope the ppl who did that got mauled by bears
Your husband is such a good sport.
For goodness sake! People are still putting eggs in the microwave? 🤦‍♀️
I saw that somewhere in Italy, they were using large tubular pasta as straws.  That would seem to solve the sogginess problem.
Regarding warm soda, I discovered when I was a kid that if I put vanilla ice cream into warm orange soda, it would froth up, and the result tasted like a "creamsicle" (not sure if you have those in Australia
Hack for darker frosting. Buy an emulsion blender, or 2 more drops of food color? 🤔
I've often suspected a lot of these random animal rescue videos. Some people really are sick. 😢 I live animal rescue videos but some just smack of insincerity.  Also, what a waste of good chocolate. 😅
I LOVE HOW Ann handles the comments and turns a scandal into a fun interactive scientific experiment for all of us to participate.
Sauce but she mixed teriyaki sauce and soy sauce I put in like a half a pound of brown sugar and it was no good
I always thought that if you put a raw potato while cooking rice, the potato will absorb the excess of salt in it. At least it is something we do a lot where I live
I can't with Dave's sceptical face everytime he is gonna try something, and the relief in his smile when it's good. He was so relieved the watery chocolate pudding tasted at least like cold hot cocoa.
Anne: "You can easily recreate this at home with 4 spoons, 4 batteries and a coin. It's very easy." Me about to yell at my girls to come to the dining room so we can recreate this.  Anne: "You'll need an extra material...." Me: "Why you gotta break my heart like that?"
If her pigment is powder based - maybe like spirulina green (so pigment particles in stead of soluble dye) as she continues to beat and blend, the dispersion of pigment continues to improve causing the mixture to darken compared to its original lighter foam color.
I didn't have an emolsion blender for my icing when I made my wedding cake so I heated it in the microwave and mixed and mixed and boom perfect silky icing. About mid way through mixing it looked awful but keep going it turns out great. I made navy blue and turquoise. I only did this with butter cream icing ( butter, confectioners sugar and vanilla and salt) my own recipe. But I only used it for my roses and it was beautiful. Don't heat it a lot. Tiny tiny increments at a time. I did have a lot less icing than I started with in the bowl probably 1/3 left in the bowl. But I'd give it a go. I'm sure it works the same way the emolsion blender does.
one difference between the two frosting tests was the coloring used.  Dyes can be weird.  For instance have you ever noticed the difference between someone sweating in a light blue shirt as opposed to other colors?  Blue fabric usually becomes much darker with moisture than other colors of similar intensity.  It could be that the blue frosting got some moisture in it from the processing and that changed the dye color.  I'm pre-diabetic so I'm not going to be testing this theory, sorry :)
Dave is surprised he ate something edible today with the chocolate mousse 🤣
potato flakes/dry instant potatoes will  help soups and stews.
Would the ginger pudding trick also work with soy milk?
The water in those eggs could be well over the boiling point. Horrifyingly dangerous, especially if they're "pranking" people.
Nick Crowley has made a few videos on the topic of fake animal rescue videos, devastating to watch but really enlightening as to what these sickos will do for views.
So I think I found the main difference in your technique (#experiment) - she is coloring the finished buttercream, you are coloring the meringue (therefore effectively eliminating her argument about emulsive properties - which already gives you a darked color to start with). Then when she blends the buttercream she introduces the coloring to the water molecules better - resulting in slightly darker color - plus as she knocks the air out, the color change is substantially more visible.   So at this point the experiment already yielded different results (her being more dramatic because of the process she used). So you both are basically correct to some degree. If the food coloring is incorporated after - yes the color will be darker after re-whipping. If one uses the color before - the color will return back to its original state, since the matter of dispersion of color was already taken care of in the meringue part.   The best solution the the matter should be using oil based colors for buttercreams - so there is no need to blend and re-whip (which Adriana kind of shown in her video - contradicting herself - as when she re-whipped the oil coloured frosting it returned to the original light color).   The problem I have with sugarlogy's video is how unnecessarily defensive and rude she comes across. If she is the "scientist"  she should have seen all the variables and delivered objective and unbiased results. Unfortunately she just wanted to prove she was right - basically contradicting herself in that video, trying to show how the color doesn't change much (especially with the oil based color), when in fact - if one is not blind - the color CLEARLY returned back to its original lightness. The fact that the original video showed such a dramatic change in color leads me to believe that even if the hack slightly works - she wanted to have the shock factor to the video - which basically puts her among the other  craft/hacks videos which do it purely for views.
I'm a baker, this is what I do- I melt some of the frosting -approx two tbsp. With concentrated coloring. I whip that into the rest of the frosting.
Content Warning: Discussion of animal Abuse from 6:10-8:21 Ann discusses how a viewer reached out to her regarding videos from Dan The Turtle Man addressing fake turtle rescue videos. Ann also mentions how these kinds of fake animal rescue videos aren't new to YT and shows some example clips from other animal rescue videos. Ann does mention that there are genuine videos showing animal rescue situations, but there are also fake ones where people have put these animals into horrible situations in order to "rescue" them on video.
Tiktokers exploding eggs are the new Tide Pod challenge
I've been watching Ann for a while and I enjoy the video, but, it seems like she hasn't accurately addressed what Adriana's response was. Ann responded to the disagreement with a more diplomatic attitude for sure, but didn't address some of Adriana's points.
She has directly helped me keep the kids in my life safe by educating them in a way that’s actually engaging and entertaining
I haven’t tried it yet, but a while back I saw a video where she microwaved the frosting to make it darker, then whipped it back up and it was still darker. I’d like to see a test of that.
#Experiment Tried it out with a regular Buttercream, Swiss Meringue and a Cream Cheese Frosting. Used regular amount of food dye and yeah, all of them were rather flat and thickened after i whipped them a second time. Especially the Swiss Meringue didn´t get back to the fluffiness it had before, really making a negative impact on the overall taste, also had the biggest loss of volume on this one. The Cream Cheese Frosting was a bit heavier from the start (could be my failure or just because Cream Cheese Frosting is a bit thicker in general), but also didn´t whip back up as well. The color went from light, to dark, to lighter (but never as light as in the beginning). I frosted a bunch of cupcakes for a princess-birthday, so it came as a nice side-project to hours of whipping up pink cream !
Pleasantly surprised the milk and ginger actually works. Might try this.
I've done the potato trick in a salty pasta sauce and it worked quite well actually
Absolutely love it every time i get the notification for one of your new videos! Keep up the amazing work 😁
Every time Dave shows up on screen, me: oh no poor Dave.
i feel like adriana is somewhat lying about her results (?) i feel like its an ego things because someone credible debunked her video idk tho..
The potato trick has been around for decades - I swear I first saw it in a 1930 tip or recipe book. I actually think if you made a stew/soup and oversalted, adding potatoes is a sound idea: it's about the blandest food out there, so adding them - without the extra seasoning they require- should actually help the flavor some. Obviously it would only work in mild situations, and any bland food - rice, pasta, beans, even ground beef- should help.
Ann might not like YouTube drama but I do! Adriana is lying for suuuuure (also I might try the experiment so that we get more data on this bc IF Ann's theory is correct and multiple experiments show that, we would know that something funky is going on with Adriana's experiments...)
science is supposed to be repeatable etc. etc. but you're not carrying out the same method adriana is doing? so you will of course have different results?   not using swiss-meringue buttercream and instead using Italian meringue buttercream aside, you're adding the colouring at the meringue stage before adding the butter. this will hypothetically allow the colouring to incorporate better into the "water" content of the buttercream and so give it a darker colour from the get-go. adriana's theory is based on adding the colouring after the butter is added which is why there is an initial light colour since the colouring cannot mix well with the water particles. so more emulsion after the buttercream is made would make it darker since the colouring particles can mix better with the water particles during the emulsion process: that's the crux of her argument. since it's not based on aeration, whipping it back up would only make a slight difference.   i think it's really interesting that we get a dark colour from adding the colouring to the meringue, which would be really cool to explore. but you're using an entirely different method (and theory) to test out what adriana is saying, which isn't how we do due diligence in testing reliability tbh.
How sick do you have to be to fake a rescue? Wtf?!!?
I want to know what Adrianna's conclusion as to why the frosting remains darker was. Like, genuine, respectful curiosity.  We can explain the darkening effect as it having less air bubbles, so adding air=lighter. But why would the darkened colour remain after simply blending twice? Doesn't that imply that dying the denser form first then whipping makes it darker, and therefore if we mix the dye into the butter somehow before any whipping has happened, it will end up darker?
Hey Y’all! 🥰   Did you know y’all can redo the experiment, come up with different conclusions, and share the data without commenting disgusting, hateful, and demoralizing opinions towards the other? Who knew that was possible??? 🤣   Seriously tho, y’all are getting just as bad as the beauty community. That’s just sad. Even Anne says “Make it a great week by being kind to others” idk if y’all just skipped over that part or…??? Like i bet Anne could really care less about this topic, and actually due to the poor reaction from this audience will probably never review another one of Sugarologie’s videos to avoid any made up drama, which is a disservice to us all.   Anyway,  *breathe in*  say it with me: “Its. Just. Frosting.”  *breathe out*   Now go touch some grass, or take a shower.
"I like it 😊"
Not sure if this is a Hispanic thing, but my family has always implemented the potato one whenever necessary. I was skeptical but somehow it always works. Not sure what we do differently or if it's because we use quite a lot of potato when we do
I've reported who I think is the same guy I can't even tell you how many times for animal abuse. He'll just be walking in a random field or on a road & "find" a kitten unconscious, take it home & give it an injection that he just happens to have prepared & the kitten miraculously wakes up. How would you know what to give an unconscious kitten you've just happened along. It's not subcutaneous so it's not just saline he's giving. He's giving these cats a paralytic & a counter agent
When two channels I watch are indirectly fighting about frosting....this is ridiculous. Stick with making your own content from now on and getting involved in a drama with another creator that literally isn't hurting anyone. Y'all are focused more on frosting drama than the harmful animal abuse that was just shown casually here or people "pranking" with hot eggs that could actually hurt someone. Just give it up, its just frosting no one should care that much, its like caring about Kardashians, why care about rich people's relationship drama. Same with frosting, just let it be omg.
How long can the meringue frosting last? I'm a little nervous of egg white that's raw going off.
WONDERFUL response for you to ask people to do their own experiment in response.  So so so smart.
That is quite literally animal abuse🥺😢
It got lighter
I’ve watched your videos for so long I love them I adore you and your family from the bottom of my heart and I respect you for not wanting to get involved in the drama , but I have to ask why you didn’t consider the ice bath method she recommended as well she mentioned you never responded to her final email and that you just came out with your video instead of talking to her first and I don’t know how much of that to take with more than a grain of salt,  I’m simply curious. I did find her video way before yours in the past and I’ve followed her as well ever since I love you both and I just want everything to be mended between the two of you and maybe even have a collab in the future to rectify things, women should build each other up not tear them down and you’re both very intelligent successful individuals who’s videos inspire and entertain us all❤️ I hope this is something that can be resolved
I understand why you wouldn't say it but I gotta say miss girl was lying about that frosting colour and being at the original volume
Anne, how does one make a vibrant frosting yet keep its airy and fluffy texture? People are saying just add more color but that doing so effects taste. So is it a battle of texture or taste to get darker colors or is there a better way?
This is completely off-topic but you get lovelier and lovelier every time I see you, Ann. You're great outside and in. Love the videos.
Debunk things that will hurt people. Your obsession with trying to always be right (usually against people who are actually good channels) is getting ridiculous.
Ann- love your videos, especially this subseries. However, I do have a bone to pick with your first experiment. You need a much, much larger amount of potato, and also your standard soup (even oversalted) is not going to have as much salt as straight salt water. I think this experiment should be repeated properly, as in my view you didn't give it a fair shake. I can tell you that not only I but every cook in my family has successfully used this at least once. I also got it from my grandmother.  It needs to be at least half a potato, and should be cooked along with the rest of the dish, as long as that takes; not just ten minutes. This is for slow soups (including chili) and pasta sauces.
The solution to tge fake animal rescue problem is that people need tp educate themselves. Theres even memes of animals that are sick that are passed off as funny or cute because of ignorance. People post pictures of obese animals and think they're funny. They make memes out of wild animals being kept as exotic pets. People need to start caring more and educate themselves. Animal abuse is not cute or funny.
he should have been blindfolded for the salt taste test
I’d love to get  your opinion on this technique: https://youtu.be/JCFMol2qmrY Thank you.
hi love ur videos btw! but i do think that a taste test on the salt and potato experiment was probably quite inaccurate? esp since they are all Very salty and overwhelmingly so i think if u used like a chemical test or some other sort of test to get the actual concentration of salt in the water that would have been a much more reliable & trustworthy result and one i would believe far more readily
I've unsubscribed both Ann's and Adrianna's channel. What a pathetic drama.
I feel like milk or cream would be better for two ingredient chocolate mousse.
Those are clearly not even barnacles on the turtles, just rocks. I saw something similar to this, but they were plucking the rocks off a woman’s chest and claiming they were leeches or ticks or something. You could see the glue.
I love it when Ann does repeat experiments. I hope she does more of Adriana’s tips and Adriana tries hers! There’s so many frosting types to try. When creators test each others recipes it makes me more likely to try them myself instead of just watching.
Wasn't that technically an Italian meringue buttercream? Swiss is made by heating your egg whites over simmering water while whipping, Italian is made by adding the hot sugar syrup to your eggs while whipping.
I cant deal with the animal videos, just, how can people be so insanely cruel?
The first hack works I have been doing that for a long time it just needs more potatoes , it won't work with a single peice
the first hack actually works if you're cooking a soup or some broth, cut up a few potatos and cook for a few minutes, the potatos absorb the salt because they contain a lot of water... but you need a lot more potatos than the single slice you put in
I think that the emulsion blender heats up the icing more in smaller batches which could deepen the coloring from what I've read?
I'm curious as to if Dave has any sort of 'salt tolerance' from all his years of surfing or if the salt water tastes just as nasty to him as it does for everyone else 😂 He is such a good sport and really takes his tasting duties seriously! 👏👏👏
For over saltiness in a broth the best method would be to add a acid or fat. For me a vinegar is my go to.
This video is great
Was literally reading in the paper this morning about a young woman who had her face severely burnt after cooking an egg in the microwave following a tiktok "hack" video. The work you do is so important educating people and debunking these dangerous "hacks". I just wish social media platforms cracked down on this sort of content and outright banned those sorts of channels and videos.
I know it's not related but I just saw one of 5 min crafts stupid videos on instagram of using a syringe to make popcorn. Obvious jump cut and fake. They're not even trying anymore. Just gunking up the internet with crap.
i rarely comment because english is not my first language, but this time around i must say that in almost every egg explosion video i came across, at least 1 person put the link to your video about the matter or mentioning it.  this made me proud because i am happy to see that your work is not vain and you are helping prevent hurtful situation for other human beings! thank you for your time, work and dedication that you put in your channel!  (sorry for any mistakes, again english is not my first language!)
I wish this video released like 3 days sooner, I was actually making black buttecream and it turned out grey, I didn't have much black food coloring left. I would've loved to try the last "hack" and see the color/volume results for myself
amazing and thank you!
I've had the same reaction as the pop and paper straw with reusable plastic straws and energy drinks.
I think it would have been better for authenticity if you did the first debunk using soup or stew like in the video.  Still pretty awesome!
#experiment: yes it does not cost much but i think its foodwaste and we should not experiment with food wich is going to land in the trash :/
In your levitating coin recreation I can definitely see the string against the darker parts of the spoon behind it. In the original, I can't see the string, but there is a blip/flash almost exactly where the string would be visible - as if the visible string was edited out. I'd think simply not posting lies would be easier than trying to edit out parts of a video that would expose the lie, but that's just me I suppose!
Hey, isn't the sugar syrup method Italian meringue, not Swiss?
The coke and mentos would be good in a volcano experiment. Sticky but effective.
To be honest, it's awesome to see how Ann got people to do their own experiments, take measurements and make conclusions. It's awesome seeing how Ann gets people engaged. Cudos!
Also Jeffrey Epstein and John McAfee didn't kill themselves
She probably just misspoke as I expect she knows this, but she made an italian meringue, not a swiss meringue
The definition of egg in your face
Salty tang vinegar water
I saw claims of the food coloring better incorporating with the water in the emulsion and therefore showing deeper colours.  Don’t understand how that would work, wouldn’t the colour particles just be colored regardless? Also, then would oil based food colours circumvent this issue entirely?  Helen Rennie did a video supporting the blender method, and iirc she seemed to have made some valid criticisms on your methodologies, and I find her video to be generally well-researched, just like yours! So I am a bit unsure what to think now.  Would love to hear what you think about her video!
How about throwing in cheese cloth wrapped egg white in the salt water? What is the right temperature for making that ginger milk tofu?
Good - drama really gives me terrible anxiety, I'm happy to see things are being handled professionally  😌
In my personal opinion animal rescue videos should be done by actual animal rescue centers or if not at least some types of proof or actual authorized labeling should be there so that we know that it is real. And fake videos like these should be banned or some sort of charges should be taken to avoid further such type of things from happening
My thoughts are it could be the brand of dye. It could also be specific to colour.
I’ve seen people heat up or emulsify a portion of their frosting and then fold it back in so that they get a semi darker color without losing all the air. Would that work?
I don't know who this Adrianna lady is, and I don't care. This is way too much work and time just to avoid adding a tiny bit more of food coloring. Plus I trust Ann more than some other random.
The potato hack does work, but you need a bigger slice.
Everytime i see a viral cooking "tip" on the Internet that I wanna try do I wait untill you debunk it or prove it to work, cause I don't wanna get hurt
I boiled some eggs that were way underdone, the white was still runny. Rather than go through the palaver of bringing them back to the boil, I thought a few seconds in the microwave would restart the cooking process. Add to that, I always crack boiled eggs using my elbow, and in less than a minute I had the unpleasant experience of my elbow going straight through an almost raw egg, followed by a steam filled sulphur grenade burning my arm and splattering itself across the ceiling. I spent the rest of the day up a ladder cleaning it off. I think that's what we call a learning experience.
Can you please do Watermelon/Grape Popcorn
Interesting, did not know eggs explode in the microwave. My mother used to cook eggs in the microwave in some sort of special egg cup. Although one day the microwave exploded but we assumed it was because of the microwave being faulty. I guess the cup didnt work that day.
The potato hack works, just not with such a tiny chunk - gotta use more. If it's just a sauce, grating the potato works even better because it absorbs more of the salt. I rescued the sauce for our Christmas goose several times this way because my father though brushing the goose with saltwater was a great idea. Some chopped bread works as well but it's much harder to get out afterwards. It does have its limits though.
Adding milk surely cuts down saltiness. For gravy one can do that
I usually add a dash or two of (Angostura) Bitters to the over salty food while cooking, seems to help since bitter and salty cancel each other out :)
We need to stop consuming short videos, it's bad for our dopamine receptors, and it promotes wasting huge amounts of materials, all for one video's views. And then there's the rescue videos... Report all sketchy looking rescue videos as animal ab*se Be smart, be proactive. We can do this.
Hey Ann, may I suggest a video of everyone's favourite creation in your family, where David only gets to eat good food? 😆
Animal rescue videos - follow reputable organization's videos only and report click baity ones. It's an upwards battle but if everyone reports, at least it's crowd sourced. It is not a solution but the best I can come up with for consumers on how to react.  The second is trying to change our own mindset, so maybe we do not even need those videos. Donate to good organizations that share the story in writing or just do a good job in general - maybe at some point this way of driving attention to a problem will not be necessary (not just animal rescue, also other social problems). I think it needs policy change as well, as in harshly punishing animal abuse, especially for making videos of "rescue".
hey Ann im middle eastern and that potato hack works wonders on moms cooking somehow! great video as always
We are not ready for social media. Attention leeches + possibility for instant fame are a receipt for desastre. Those fake rescuers should rot in prison
You think to really test the potential of the potato desalinizing hack you should try with different quantities of potatoes, up to 3 entire potatoes. And maybe test it with an actual stew to see how much the potatoes remove from the actual taste / liquid that would than be replaced with fresh water
As for the Shorts and how the clickbaity ones go viral... I just don't watch any Shorts unless they're for channels I've subscribed to and not clickbaity. I do sometimes make that mistake on Facebook reels, but the Facebook algorithm is absolutely broken in general anyway.
The rough surface with the paper straws also comes with its own issue when drinking frozen beverages. If you're having a slushie/frozen coke and stop drinking from it for a few minutes, a plug of frozen liquid forms inside the straw and can block it. I can't remember if there's a particular word for when ice melts and refreezes in temperatures above freezing point, but yeah.
H'm.... The potatoes do work (they absorb salt - that's why you salt water when you boil potatoes) - but you need a good deal more, and probably simmer for longer (or did I miss something there?). Just saying (husband was a professional cook). But certainly vinegar is still more efficient.
For the animal rescue videos, I think YouTube should only allow monetisation if the channel is up for longer than maybe 3 months. That should be enough to filter out the fakes, and of there's no money, people won't do it. It also wouldn't matter financially if their video went viral in the first 3 months, but it would rather be helpful, as the more people see it the more likely it is reported.
For the coke reaction: is there any amount that can be attributed to the air inside the straw being forced into the bottle at speed and also speeding up the reaction?
Wasn't expecting to see a Dan the Turtle Man appearance, but a very welcome appearance regardless. :>  The things people do for views is honestly kind of scary...
I mean, soulless people will continue to make these "rescue" videos no matter what. Without removing those people from the earth will anything discourage people who cannot feel emotions?
Love you anne and love your graciousness! Seems like this girl is trying to copy cat off your channel and also being super rude. You're an inspiration. I am trying to learn to be more gracious.
I detest paper straws and refuse to use them. I also refuse to carry around a "reusable" one that I have to take to the bathroom to wash before I can store it in my purse without getting what I drank all over the storage back and seeping out onto the contents of my purse. Instead, I use single-use "biodegradable" plastic straws that I bring with me. If they give me one of those darned paper monstrosities, I pull out my own straw and leave the paper one on the table for them.
At our home if a curry is salty we add few wheat flour dough balls(no salt added to dough) to the curry and let it sit in the curry for some time. It mostly works.
I actually always wondered how my husband managed to keep losing the top of his can of fizzy drink when we were dining out! Very informative, definitely have to show him this ☺️
I blew up an egg once but didn't microwave it. I was hard boiling a couple eggs and fell asleep. Woke up half an hour later and the kitchen was smoky with the water completely boiled away. I immediately tried to run the eggs under cold water to stop the burning and they both exploded the instant the water touched them.  Can confirm that hot egg shrapnel in the face is not fun
Me: Sees thumbnail  Me: What's in Dave's glass Anne?    WHAT YELLOW LIQUID ARE YOU MAKING POOR DAVE DRINK ANNE???      lol this is just a joke
You are still not understanding the frosting. You used the wrong frosting, and you are purposefully leaving out important informaton from her video. I usually realy like your videos.... But this is really incredibly uncool of you.
probably should've simmered all your salty water, not just the one with the potato in it. just because you know its not going to work doesn't mean you can skip steps! the scientific method is specific for a reason
I wish you showed the ginger pudding step by step for you cuz how can I grate old ginger,
I reported a TikTok of a prankster who took a microwaved egg to a restaurant and did a switch to the server. So upsetting.
13:30 i love when Dave tastes the ginger milk pudding and goes "I like it ☻"
Yeah that chocolate mousse they did was either a bar containing gelatine or xanthan gum, or the water had those components, because it was a LOT thicker than it would have been with those ratios.  Or they lied, they tend to do that a lot too.
18:40 I feel vindicated, because I was supporting your argument (and quite annoyed by the gibberish explanation given in the original video) and her viewers were upset and attacked you and I both, arguing that her having a PhD in... I forget, but it is a totally irrelevant field, kind of invalidated your argument and my own further explanations in the comments. Thank you for following up on this!
The potato trick actually DOES work, but you added a woefully tiny slice.  I've used it several times and I grew up with my mother and grandmother using this trick every now and then.
Old mate is a champ for downing those salt water glasses, i would have straight up gagged. 😂😂😂
Ginger milk reminds me of Junket, is it the same process?
But salt water compared to salt water is gonna taste like salt water... maybe should have cooked something that required salt for an actual taste test??
Love your videos! Just as an fyi, you made Italian meringue buttercream in your video not swiss. I'm only mention this in case you want to some how edit the video with a note. Great debunking video, one of my favorite so far!
A million thanks for bringing attention to the fake animal rescue videos. It's so horrific that animal cruelty is allowed on different platforms, including this one.
#HowtocookThat in my country #Chile, it’s a known fact that if you add  hole potato to your salty stew, the potato will absorb a big part of the salt, and it will be edible. But your potato will be super salty and you stew is not without salt, but edible. 😉
7:20 i have seen alot of animal cruelty vids, eg a cheetah attacking a dog in a stairwell, or alligator eating a dog etc
I really respect how mature you've been about this. Her fans are all riled up and all that but you are being very professional and have never said the hack doesn't work or that she's a liar, you're simply trying to understand how something works and outright acknowledge there could be variables contributing to the difference.
For the straw issue, I wonder if adding wax like we do to "paper" cups
A Chick Called Albert has great videos about helping animals. Mostly birds, as someone who loves birds it is so nice to see. It is a genuine and kind channel. Such as a video where they rescue a coot who was hit by a car and it becomes healthy and happy again in the end! I love coots
I hope your Husband got plenty of water between each glass
Thanks for being amazing! I always look forward to seeing your videos and love the positivity and care that you spread.
#experiment I ran the experiment myself and when rewhipping I couldn’t get to the original volume. The colored lighted as more air wash pushed into it. Putting it much close if not the same to the original color. It was a shade or so darker but I was also about 100ml off from the original quantity which tells me the  amount of air plays a major factor.
I only watch animal rescue videos on real animal channels. I don't watch on fake channels
It won't change plain water. Potatoes do need a lot of salt, so you add it as an ingredient. It should've been in a soup. I have added potato flakes, sugar, or juice & more water to make it less salty. I don't think it could ever help straight water.😂
DID YOU KNOW THERE IS A CLIP OF UR VIDEO IN THE EMOJI MOVIE WHYYYYYY
I think an aquafaba chocolate mousse would be so much better.
alwaays love your videos!!
Tiktokers are being absolute idiots again
Honestly the fact that tiktok grifters are now getting angry enough to start petty drama with people debunking the misinformation they spread (which they spread for monetary and/or social gain!) says a lot about them.   I really feel bad for the actual children who aren't yet able to think critically enough to understand the importance of showing your work and being truthful, and instead get caught up in taking sides based on subscriber loyalty. You can see it happening in the comments of this very video. I feel bad that they're actively being exploited by these grifters, both for their views and their defense. I wish these people could be more mature.
Could the difference be due to altitude?
You're not into YouTube drama but you don't mind indoctrinating indigenous people. Weird.
The things Dave does in the name of science!!
I swear Imma be a patron sooner or later! Because you really are the goat in baking❤
DID ANN JUST DEBUNK THE DEBUNKING OF HER DEBUNKING VIDEO???  😎👏
I love how Dave reacted to the ginger pudding how reacted was funny :)
Poor Dave, I  hope you give him something nice to drink and a treat after making him test those salty water drinks.
That potato one is not totally untrue as I understand it. If you've over-salted a meal, or added too much spicy chilli, adding the starchy potato to the dish can help desalinate it apparently and it certainly helps make it less spicy. Never seen it done with water before though. I guess, in theory, it would work the same but it appears not ... or maybe your potatoes were low in starch to begin with
RE: the fake animal rescues. Anyone feel free to discredit this, it’s the only thing I’ve thought to use when it comes to animal rescue videos but I have previously heard of animals being put into danger by the people making the rescue videos (eg, throwing a kitten in a lake and then filming them ‘rescuing’ it just for the views) and since then, I’ve automatically been skeptical of anything where an animal is rescued from an immediate danger, like the stuck in rubber one, any where they are stuck in anything, ‘fallen’ in water/down a drain etc, just anything with a very immediate response where the ‘rescuers’ would have likely needed to have been there the moment it happened or within a very short time, I just find that more typically suspicious as opposed to the videos rescuing stray animals or animals that have been neglected for a longer period of time and are very malnourished and sick. It just seems pointless to take the time getting an animal to that state for one video, when they can just throw an animal into some situation and get a video filmed within minutes, since they’re doing it for views, that would be the easiest way to get frequent content. I have no way to measure accuracy for any of this, obviously it’s not going to be true for all cases and I am certain that there are absolutely people who would starve and neglect an animal just for some views but this is the only guideline I’ve been able to figure out to try and avoid watching the fake stuff.  That or perhaps only watch the videos from actual animal rescue group accounts or any verified rescuers and make the decision to research the accounts you’re watching the videos of so you know they’re legit?
The turtle thing made me physically stop when I heard that they were doing it on fly river turtles, as they are critically endangered
#experiment - is it possible the different kinds of butter make a difference? I could see Australian vs North American butter having different levels of water and/or salt content.
Not gonna lie, i have a few channels who i Support where i know 200% that they are legit. And other than this .. i click every other animal rescue away, because some are quite obivious but there are a Ton of Videos where you would be surprised. And itnis just sickening ...
On another episode of: Human are disgusting...
Just scrolling through yt shorts you're bound to see a fake animal rescue... Makes me sick
that poor mans taste buds are now ruined beyond repair.
Are y’all ok? This video feels…off
Hi Ann, i saw that Bookdepository is listed as a place to buy your book from but i just checked and they seemed to be closed, just tought to let you know.
What possible mechanism is causing the frosting to grow darker? Trapped air lightening the frosting makes sense. But this is suggesting something else is happening like the formation of large single bubbles instead of a distributed structure.
I hope Dave gets hazard pay for eating and drinking some of the concoctions in these videos! He's such a champ
It's easier to eat a bite of the potato first to see if it absorbed any salt, then swish and spit from the glasses.
Nick Crowley made a series of videos exposing this Fake animal rescue scams! My blood boils whenever I see one of them videos!
adding the water messed up your salt test. if it really took out the salt it should be less salty even with less water. in your sauce you wouldnt add water either
A lot of people forget "what works for me" isnt the same as an actual rule or hack per say.  Some of these hacks, like the potato one may work if the unsalted potatos are added to the dish and eaten afterward as part of the dish by simply diluting the salt flavour across the entire dish. But a potato will not absorb the salt from an already mixed dish. (It wont remove the sodium from the rest of the dish). Annes experiments and knowledge are sound because she addresses the actual argument of the hack usually. She also isnt stopping you from trying them yourself. If you can resist being influenced to do something im sure you can resist the influence to not do something as well.
I only watch animal rescue videos from REAL animal rescue projects that I know and trust, my favourite is Wildlife Aid from the UK, their videos are informative also in the way of what YOU can do to prevent animals getting trapped or injured
Sadly, due to the large presence of fake rescue videos and animals being abused. I HAVE almost stopped clicking those videos entirely.
I do the potato trick all the time  It is worked  When you’re food salty cut a medium size potato and put it in your soup not just a small piece
We learned in baking class that you can't rewipp frostig. If you'll do it to much it separates and gets unusable
I'm from Mexico. Here we do add potato when the food gets too salty, but we add a whole potato or chopped one, it kinda works, but I think you imagine why. A little slide of potato is just ridiculous.
In most Slovak dishes we flavor by adding a combo of salt, sugar and vinegar to balance the flavors. I guess that why.
I'm always amazed at how much effort you put into your videos
That ginger milk pudding is really hard to make, I've tried it so many times and I still get the milk to set.
Great video. Science really is awesome
that makes me so mad that someone would cause harm to animals just to appear as heroes, goes against the very thing the very valid animal rescues stand for
"For the science" - bravest words ever spoken
The first videos I called her out on it and she blocked me. And this is how you know it doesn't work. What our grandmas used to do, was add potato to a stew or soup that was over salted. The potato become part of the soup or stew. With the addition the potato you add water. This means more mass and therefore the salt gets diluted.
are you going to respond to the response video made about the frosting?
The mouse looks like it could actually be some kind of fancy iced coffee haha
You: here’s science and why it is what it is, the other person: trust me bro would I lie to you?
On the animal rescue thing:  I only click on rescue videos that have been uploaded by reputable organizations
18:36 You can tell it's the same amount of color by only looking at the right side of the smudges. 19:32 Bottom, thinnest parts look different to me. I think color was added in the middle and then rewhipped.
"I like ginger. Just not sure about the others." You don't like milk and sugar? Dave, come on. All the strange stuff Ann has had you tasting has made you REALLY nervous.
I am mostly signed up for your debunking and “food sciency” videos BUT Potato against salt does work.. obviously you need an entire potato if not more .. and a bit more cooking - depending a lot on potato type and size Potatoes do take up a lot of salt.. yet they do not take up as that much and that quick as was shown.. it is an “old trick” in east Europe (as well)
Ann, you continue to be The Absolute Best. Thank goodness for you!
Okay so, I'm big into conservation lmao so here's my take on trying to stop the fake rescue videos:  Number one, this SHOULD be policed by YouTube, but as always they're terrible. So for all y'all htct watchers: call them out. I know comments are supporting them, but i care more about spreading information than getting them more money, because in the long run we're HOPING youtube or someone actually stops it. Sure would be nice if peta was useful for once but yknow.   So just...talk about it. Mention it to your parents, tell your cousins and besties, drop it into convos. One of the biggest things about conservation is just education. This is awful, and the only way to stop it is actually peer pressure but like at a massive level.  The internet has been policing itself for ages, let's kick this one in too y'all!!! It's slow going but, despite how it seems a lot of times; we're actually making leaps and bounds in conservation every day.   Be kind, y'all, take it from a rescuer of troubled animals: kindness makes a difference.
Spoons have been around for god knows how long now. household batteries like these have been around for over 100 years. If you could use them to make a levitating electromagnet this would be common knowledge by now that people would share as a cool thing, not something that just got discovered by the brilliant scientists of tiktok.  Very few coins are magnetic anyway, no US coins are magnetic, the only ones I'm aware of are copper-plated steel coins in the UK (I'm sure there are others I'm not aware of but the point is there).
Add color to the sugar syrup when you're making it and colour to the butter, whip the butter and colour seperate and re refrigerate then get to room temperature again
That's not how the first "hack" works - the video shows it wrong and understandably, you don't give it a fair chance. A small thin slice of potato doesn't take the salt away like a magic sponge (and it definitely doesn't need to be square). And it certainly won't work with a whole tablespoon of salt to a saucepan with a cup of liquid like they did in the original tik-tok. If you oversalt your dish a bit the way to get it less salty is to make more - either throw some of it out and add more unsalted ingredients or just add more unsalted ingredients. Meaning that you can add something cheap and saltless inside - like a bunch of potatoes to your Bolognese sauce instead of adding more tomatoes and meat. And obviously more water.
Finally fixed the lighting😍😍😍 it looks much better now🙏🏾
The potato hack does work but you need at least 3 potatoes and it needs to cook for longer, maybe like 45 mins. I've used it and it did the trick. Food wasn't perfect but at least we could eat it. Large potatoes so they are easy to fish out
I saw a video were they added food coloring to their frosting, melted the frosting in the microwave, let it chill, and then whipped it back up to get a darker color. While the texture looked slightly denser, it definitely held its shape and was still airy and fluffy. The person was able to pipe cupcakes without the frosting being gloppy and unstable. I think that hack is a lot better and easier than the Emerson blender method.
I don't like how Ann didn't mention that "the new video made" was in direct response to her, and that she didn't mention Adriana's theory of the dye reaching globules of water in the frosting. I don't think Ann is acting in bad faith, but it still bugs me.
isn't frosting lighter when whipped because there is physically a lower density of pigments? idk how anyone is supposed to get the dark color to stay in the less dense whipped frosting without adding more pigment
Not gonna lie, I didn't find the potato test particularly valid. Not "resetting" Dave's mouth seems like a missed opportunity, especially since he found C the saltiest. I would agree with him that there was probably bias due it being last. Even if the potato had no effect, it seems odd that he so strongly identified C as the saltiest. Would have loved a more scientific explanation why this wouldn't work.
Potato trick works in a pressure cooker if I accidentally over salted. Havnt tried it any other way though
The way Dave happily says “I like it” after tasting the ginger milk pudding makes me smile 😊
5:20 The right is after 1 day, the left is after 5 days. 😏
her rewhipped frosting is darker than the before, but lighter than the blended one.....while i have never done this i know a friend that did ....she was able to get around the same amount of volume back as you did....before was lightest, blended was darkest, and rewhipped was in between the 2......when she did it with buttercream she got most of the volume back and colors were the same as the other.
My mom also used to do the potato hack to reduce the saltiness and for some reason it works🤷‍♀️ She also did it with pineapple
#experiment Made Swiss, Italian, French and American buttercreams. All of them got darker with the emulsion blender and I couldn’t get any of them back to 100% of their full volumes. Though the American buttercream came close. Also the textures were just a bit off. They’re not bad by any means, but yeah… Just add more coloring. It’s easier. Also, glad it’s the end of the school year and I was able to give away cupcakes.
If the icing hack were just about emulsifying the gel colour, then we would see darker coloured icing if we first emulsified the colour with the butter, let it chill back to being firm, and then made it into buttercream.
Just commenting to drive up the engagement, because you do a great job at explaining and debunking and more people should see this kind of informative content 💪
Thank you so much for giving a voice and platform to those awful "animal rescue" videos
The lifehack by 0:27 actually works good but you need to do some things a bit different! 1. The more salt the more potatoes: Potatoes can absorb the salt to the point where you need to add salt after using this hack. This tiny little piece of potato that is used in the beginning is not enough. I would have used the whole potato, just to make shure it is enough. 2. 15 minutes can be enough, but to make sure the salt is gone just leave the potatoes longer in the soup. Taste tests after 10,15,20,25,... minutes should help finde the right time. After that just take the potatoes out and throw them away.  For the ones interested in why this works: Its a combination of diffusion and osmosis.  The salt in the soup enters the cells of the potatoes. There is a chemical rule where a substance that is dissolved in a liquid tries to diffuse in a way that it is evenly dissolved in the liquid. If you add the potatoes then there is no salt in them. Following the rule the salt tries again to diffuse into everything into the liquid. As the potato can absorb salt, the salt wanders throu the cell wall and stays in the cytoplasm. Again this happens till the concentraion of salt is the same in the soup and the potato. As I said above it helps to have enough potato. As a pice of potato can only absorb a cerntain amount of salt.
Hack with potato works, but it's needed to add bigger piece of potato. I saved a lot of my soups and other dishes with that hack. You need to simmer it in soup or sauce,, and leave potato in after some time, it takes salt from a dish.
You completely used a different type of frosting, which was the point everyone else told you
If you look at her result, the re-whipped one looked inconsistent in color, whereas the other two looked pretty uniform.
I love the way you addressed that frosting hack. As in, very respectfully and kindly. That was quite the breath of fresh air.
The fake animal rescue videos is so upsetting.
Always great watching these videos, they really help me to understand that I need to be aware and be careful about which videos I watch, so that I'm not supporting channels that promote dangerous things. Thank you!
So cool that you encourage people to test it out themselves and give more data points instead of just saying someone's manipulating their version.
Dave: I married a food scientist and dietician, i'm gonna be eating the best homemade food for the rest of my life.  Ann: can you drink these 3 glasses of salt water for me?
Hi Ann, where do we send videos for you to react to?? Thx!
Oh whatever she is dishonest. She’s altered the amount of coloring. You are very right, experiments should yield similar results and if variables are changed then they will be different. She’s changed variables and doesn’t want to say the truth. I’ll do it too tomorrow.
Fake animal "rescue" videos have to be one of the most despicable practices on the planet. We are stewards of this world and it's creatures, and the way some people behave for the sake of a few bucks on youtube is reprehensible. I wish there was a way to know the real from the fake. Honestly there's no way to be sure unless it is from an organised rescue force like a conservation society or professional animal rescue. Honestly I think people just need to get in the habit of helping animals *without* whipping out their cameras to shoe the world their good deeds. I'm sure most people do, we obviously wouldn't know if they did, but it just feels like we are telling kids to make sure they have their phone out if they see an animal in distress.  But yeah. Harming animals just so you can "save" them on camera is disgusting. I hope those people have a moral awakening and actually do some good some day.
Ann throwing the most polite internet shade ever (maybe it's lighter shader cuz she whipped it??)
Ann you are simply the best.
I like how she already knows something won’t work but still tries it anyways
🥰
I'd love if you would revisit the souffle pancake, since it seemed like you missed the steamer step of it last time.
Now I understand why I've never had a problem with paper straws and so many other people seem to -- I quit drinking soda years ago, so I've only used paper straws with juice or coffee.
Poor Dan😂
What type of color was she using .... ? That might be the diffrence ...  Gel vs Liquid?
The exploding egg thing is horrifying to me.
I'm so glad he actually got to eat things he liked for our amusement.
I, I have heard about those turtle scraping videos. I saw a guy talking about them
Could you do the “mousse” with milk instead of water?
As an animal lover I REALLY appreciate you speaking out about the fake rescue videos on something that doesn't even have anything to do with that.
4:41 me describing myself
The fake animal rescue video was so hard to watch..I hate people so much.  When I learned about that I can’t watch rescue videos anymore
So, I know that adding potatoes to a sauce will take out the extra seasoning. I've always added a couple of roughly chopped potatoes to any sauce or gravy when I have over-seasoned it. Perhaps it is the amount of potato that I add along with the additional time of waiting until the potatoes are fully cooked before removing (and eating) them.
Until this video I never heard of "animal rescue" videos that were faked. I am astonished and horrified by what people will do to get views ($) =call it what it is) today! I am 54 and thought I'd seen a lot of craziness. I also didn't know turtles could feel through their shell. Speaking as a person who has scarred myself with hot glue, it's really painful to see those poor turtles with hot glue attached to them and know they were in pain for no other reason than to HOPEFULLY capture views ($) for someone. And, it really sucked that I had to learn about this!
On the matter of the food coloring in the frosting, it makes perfect sense both why the color gets darker and lighter correlated to how much air is in the frosting. The air in the frosting is scattering the light that bounces off making it appear lighter. remove the air will make it look darker as the light that bounces off isnt scattered as much. reintroducing the air into the frosting will reintroduce the light scattering effect, but since you're most likely not beating all the air back in it'll apear darker then the original, but it will be lighter then when you blended it.  This is less chemistry and more just physics, and only a rough idea at that. Im sure there are videos here on youtube that better explain it.  Here's one more fun fact, most blues found in nature with a few exceptions aren't actually blue. They appear blue due to how the structure of the object scatters light on a microscopic level.
That exploding egg "prank" is a one way ticket towards getting smacked.  Yes I know that seems extreme, but if someone is going to do something that could result in a hospital trip for me then I'm claiming self defense to ensure they can't bring any further harm to me.
The frosting looks the same to me depending on how thick/thin the frosting smear is. The thicker part of the second smear is a stronger, different colour, but the streak part of the darker smear is the same as the initial, lighter frosting. The only one that looks like a whole other colour (more like a pastel) is the third smear.
The potato to reduce salt does work we been doing it as long as I can remember but not the way it was shown. In my country where everyday's meals consist mostly of stews we can add potatoes to lower the salty taste but not just a slice but a bunch of potatoes sometimes rice and water, which is basically adding more ingredients which will eventually balance the salt in the dish.
Poor Dave. He really is a trooper for trying all these failed recipes.
If the "hack" is that difficult to replicate... not really a hack then.  As extra food coloring isn't going to kill anyone, I think Occam's Razor needs to provide a degree of guidance. We're not trying to pull additional nutrients out of food, or increase yields to feed the hungry, and obviously we aren't looking to save time and money with whatever this technique is supposed to do - make the icing slightly darker - then maybe the whole "experiment" should be abandoned.
A video an the creamie Ninja maybe??
When I was a kid we did the egg thing out of ignorance (just wanted warm hard boiled egg) and my sister got burned pretty badly.  It is dangerous for real
I stopped trying to make hard boiled eggs in the microwave at work because of you Ann!  Thank you!
There is a small correction. We Indians also used the Potato trick since ages. And it's not only with salt and water. The right way to judge it is by putting it in some gravy item. Also we don't remove the potato at times. And just eat along with it. It works 100%
My mom scrambled eggs in the microwave all the time when I was a toddler. One time she did and it popped. She didn't see that a piece of the egg landed on my leg, and couldn't understand why I was screaming and crying suddenly until she spotted the egg. She, to this day, feels so much guilt for it, and never microwaved eggs again. I still have a scar on my leg about 1.5 inches wide from it. I can only imagine how large the burn looked on a 1 year old's leg!  These people are risking serious injuries with these egg videos. So dumb.
why on earth are people trying to start drama with Ann. yall need to calm down
The ginger juice+milk pudding is actually a very famous traditional chinese dessert. It's definitely real and... not that magical lol
Crazy Russian Hacker would wearing goggles and gloves for egg blast experiment because safety is number one priority.
I'm trying to think of ways to expose fake animal rescue videos.   Obviously, if they are poorly done (using hot glue on turtle shells!), but also I would think they'd be generally poorly made.  And if there is a person making a lot of them and they not affiliated with an animal care or rescue organization - essentially, just "going on patrol" to "find" animals "in peril" I would call BS instantly.  I'd report those because A) if they are legit they are also kind of p0rn-y if not affiliated with a charity, and B) it is likely they are just trying to get clicks and prestige which is just gross.   The tricky one would be comp videos where there are "Top 17 Animal Rescues"  wherein some percentage is likely to be fraudulent animals abuse.  Will that content provider re-edit their work?
"Fake animal rescue videos" are a thing???  That is Munchausen by Proxy meets animal cruelty!  Humans are kind of the worst!
I thought I was doing my bit for the environment by getting a set of steel straws.  >>clank!!!<< on the old incisors!  A good way to kick a fast food soda habit!  Some of our local Taco Bells began providing straws made from bamboo (NOT "bamboo straws" but straws made from the pulp) and those are a great middle ground option.
Amazing video as always. This is quality content. Science based, and fun!
I love your scientific debunking! Amazing!
If the cream was insufficiently well mixed with the dye, there were more strongly coloured portions inside, and the general shade of most of the mixture was lighter than the amount of dye implies. After blending, the lumps of dye mixed better, so aerating again gave a more strongly coloured mass. A poor mixer could be the cause.
Adriana's own results don't support her claim. You can see the rewhipped texture is denser than the "before" picture still, and even with her attempt to hide the color by putting it on blue paper, the rewhipped is still obviously lighter than the "blended" one. Ann never said the hack didn't work; she just said you can't put the frosting through an emulsion blender to get the darker color without changing the texture, which is true.
What about adding color, then heating the frosting (water bath or microwave) and then whipping again?
One of my late mums cookbooks from the early seventies had the potato hack. I never believed it.
Tiktok literally encourages people to make fake content similar to the floating coin. They flood youtube with ads showing people doing very obviously fake "Chemistry" experiments, and tell people to go and make it for themselves. I can't comprehend how that app is so successful.
Facts, no drama. ✅
Rather than saying "don't watch animal rescue videos", it's much better to say "don't watch those videos unless they are uploaded by a channel owned by a NPO". It takes seconds to Google such a thing.  What would really help is if Youtube actually took these fake rescue videos seriously. Despite the genre of fake animal rescues existing on the site for literal years now and being called out by several people, they have not done anywhere near enough to crack down on literal animal abuse.
the egg.... people can be so dumb. i heard so many news about people having their face burnt because of it😤😤😤
what a husband 🥰
Wait The straw bubble thing... Is that why McDonald's sprite hits so much harder than any other sprite?
the potato thing does work, but you need much more potato and in smaller pieces. it also has to be cooked for a while and let it sit for even more. A good "hack" if your dish already has potatoes in it in the first place though, although it doesn't help if you've oversalted it to the point of no return lol
for oversalting there is a lesson I learned as a bairn. Split your oversalted sauce in half, make another batch combine. You have twice as much but at least its all edible. When I worked as a chef this was the same principle but more wasteful as we were taught to discard half
19:28 It's kind of suspicious that she put the blue frosting on a blue background. If it were a white background you would have no problem seeing the difference in color.
I love how she handled the frosting debate. I remember seeing some of the mean comments from Adrianna's fans were on the last video and Anne has responded to the concerns so maturely. I appreciate that she's encouraging everyone to test for themselves to see why things have turned out different instead of saying, or even implying that someone is lying. This is one of the fee channels I watch on YouTube anymore because Anne is just such a genuinely kind person who doesn't want to tell us how to think, but to give us the information needed to make our own conclusions.
The potato and salt thing really does work.   I made a sloppy joe mix once and I had over salted the ground meat. To the point of being inedible.  I reheated the mix with half a skinned potato. It saved it.   I don't think her test was good for this hack.  Over salt a sauce not just water.
ON the frosting experiment, I have 1 question. You said Adrianna used an ice bath to re-whip her frosting. Did you do the same when re-whipping yours?
7:11 Imagine the sometimes “burn” sensation you get on your nails if you put a thick coat of gel nail polish and cure it. Now imagine that feeling, but hotter and all over your back. 😫
Poor Dave
So… if I had put Velcro in coke will I die?
9:40 I gasped at that. No. No. As somebody who loves chocolate and who lovs experimenting with always new recipes I know the dangers of having even a LITTLE BIT of water getting in your melting chcolate. No, perfect way to ruin everything.
"As you can see its a darker color" ehh, near the end it looks like the same so it looks like its faded from the presence of air
Unfortunately the only thing that you can do when it comes to animal rescue videos is educate yourself. If the video comes from a known animal rescue organization, it's probably real. If it's just a single every day person, "rescuing" a bunch of animals everyday, it's probably fake. Also, study some of the animals in these videos. Do their behaviors match? For example, I have seen a few videos of people using Coke and Mentos to "chase" Ball Pythons from holes in the ground after the snakes supposedly stole the person's chicken/rabbit. Ball Pythons don't live in holes in the ground. The person dug the hole, forced the snake inside, and then practically downed it in sugary soda to make it come back out.
The fake vid people trying to unbunk your debunk by rewhipping the frosting so you gotta rebunk the debunk
Ann is the best debunker😎
The way to tell if a rescue video site is real is the legitimate ones have a paper trail. My local spca posts videos of some of their rescues to try to promote adoptions of the hopeful family pets.  They recently (a few months ago) rescued a dozen dogs from a dog fighting ring to the south. The dog fighting ring being busted is in the newspapers and on their online sections. The organization is registered and has an multiple addresses you can visit in person and see clearly on google maps.  Just research the videos before sharing them with others.
You need a whole potato, not a tiny slice, but it does work
I know about the potato trick, because it was featured in many old cookbooks, but according to them, potato absorbs the salt and releases it back after a short time. So the proper procedure for "unsalting" the soup should be: throw in a chunk of potato, remove it after a few seconds, throw in another chunk and so on. I've never tested this myself though.
Ginger milk pudding is a classic snack in Hong Kong.  if not giner, can add an egg   or the famous one is Buffalo or fresh milk with sugar and egg whites steamed
J
I'm surprised that you didn't mention the bait and switch they did for the chocolate mousse. When they go to pour, it is way thicker than when they were stirring. It looked a lot like the correct one you made.
The potato to pull salt does work But you need an entire potato Time And it does not remove all the salt
You said it! :D
I'd just like to thank her husband for being a good sport in testing out some of these horrible concoctions.  😜
im so upset that people are abusing animals in order to pretend to rescue them. humans can be so cruel, its disappointing
His "I like it" was so cute!!!
I don't bake often, but I really enjoy you videos, especially the debunking ones. The talk about icing density and color made me think of another hobby of mine, spinning yarn. There's a well known spinning book that talks about how the way a fiber is prepared and spun, which affects the density of the spun yarn, will affect the perceived saturation of the color. Denser yarns will make the color appear darker, more airy yarns will make the color appear lighter. I'd imagine the same would apply to icing. Just thought it was an interesting and unexpected connection between the two.   I appreciated how you stayed professional, and kept out of YouTube drama. Many thanks for an amazing video!
That potato myth is OLD. Archer even mentions it in an episode where they get called over to take care of a problem the mother had with the italian diplomat and she was making Italian for him and accidentally over salted the sauce which she tells Archer to put half a potato in it. That's as much as I'm going into that episode since, it goes places that aren't your channel friendly.
Like 👍🎀🇱🇰🔔
I miss the old days when she made these epic deserts & cakes. Nowadays, it is mostly just these stupid "debunking" videos with her husband. Yeah. Whatever draws viewership. But can't help thinking she's a bit of a sellout these days. I know I rarely come here nowadays.  😢
I started playing this video and my 5yo yells from across the room "I love this channel!" (She likes the miniature videos the best.)
That's such a tiny piece of potato. I think my mom just uses a whole potato. I don't know if that made a difference or if the whole thing is BS :D I've never tried it, since I tend to err on the side of under salting :)
We have reusable bamboo straws.
Honestly, just buy the right color? Or put more? Idk but can we just stop it with the hacks and prevent problems in the first place?
And thats the story of how Dave got the ocean madness
I love how pranks are sometimes just straight up attempted murder.
13:40 ok, people are just stupid. They are recreating a thing, because they know it's dangerous? :O
so yummy used to be decent and have real recipies now its all 5minute crafts clickbait rubbish
It is supposed to be a whole potato for the first one. Would like to see you try that. And an entire pot of soup.
Finally a use for dried out ginger 😊
my mum has always said that potato can reduce the saltiness of a soup, but you have to leave the potato in there! The potato bulks it out while being relatively bland so it dilutes the salt without dramatically changing the flavour of the soup. The idea potato can suck up salt like some sort of reverse osmosis filter I assume is the result of a game of telephone from that
We are using the potato-salt hack in India from years on. It totally works in Indian gravies. What happens is when we add potato to balance the salt, naturally more water is also added to gravy to get right consistency. So the quantity of the gravy is increased, which most of the times works with the salt quantity.
omg the paper straw and coke happened to me! I thought the waiter just shook the bottle before HAHA half of the drink spelt out
I tried the cola and mentos experiment with my home-ed science group back in the autumn using 9 different types of carbonated drinks and measuring the before/after volume change. May be trying it again but keeping the same drink and changing what we put in it (ie, pasta, types of mento). I may run the icing experiment with them - it would be good to test a safe ‘online hack’ with them (obviously I can’t test anything that could hurt them, but icing should be fine!)
Actually the potato hack is working but you need much more potatoes. Through osmosis the water in the potatoes (no salt) is mixing with the water surrounding (much salt) and resulting in a less salted .  For scale: if you do 2L Fluid like soup or sauce you might need 3-4 peeled potatoes chopped in half.
i always click "not interested", mute and block all content farms. i don't need their evil in my life. i also don't want to support their evil. they should be banned altogether. content farms are the cancer of social media. These content farms do not care whatsoever about improving the world, entertaining their viewers or adding anything else to the world. It is the ultimate clickbait and waste of time.
The straw one reminds me of the perhaps non-PG trick of a cigarette paper in beer that I heard off :P
I hate fake animal rescue videos... seen some of the turtle ones too because yt likes recommending me these :( I had reported a few before, but there were never any results and yt just tells me that it doesn't violate any guidelines??? But maybe that changed now, last time I went on a reporting-spree on some channel that had beans and seeds glued to a CAT and picked those off, pretending they were ticks. I'm getting dizzy and angry thinking about that. They must have drugged the cat to remain so calm during the whole thing, it's disgusting. Also seen similar videos with people, but at least those can consent to it. Even if I think it's just as bad to mislead people into believing someone has 200 ticks stuck to his head... now that'd just be a death sentence I think. I hate these videos in any shape or form.  If I got paid to do it I would spend days reporting or getting rid of these terrible videos -_- YT employ me, I want to fight the animal abuse for clicks. I can barely trust any rescue videos anymore because I automatically think the animal was put there or hurt on purpose... I hope some of them are real and not people abusing them. But the fake "200 ticks stuck to animal!!" ones make me rage.
I always suspected that the potato thing for salty food isn't true, but lovely to see it confirmed. Whenever I tried it it just didn't work and just evaporated too much water :/ Luckily I didn't happen to make my food too salty anymore for a few years. But I hope I remember this if it ever happens again. Getting lost in thought while shaking the salt-shaker over my food might happen lol.
I just watched NileBlue's new video about making the world's purest cookie, and I would love to see you reacting to that too!!
Thank you Ann!!!
Kia ora and thanks again Ann. Oh, and of course one shouldn't overlook your long suffering husband, Dave. If he lives longer than you then.., actually no, I won't go there. Let me just say he's a good man. Though you didn't need me to tell you that.   Kia kaha haere me te aroha Aotearoa Stay strong and love from Aotearoa-New Zealand.
THANK  YOU FOR ALL YOUR CONTENT THAT YOU PUT OUT THERE . THANK YOU
I don't skip ads on such videos
No no the patato one actually works. I dont know if it work with salt water but it works with soup. And not that much salt, when soup is a little too salty, you put one whole peeled patato and cook it for a littler while and take it out. You have perfect soup. It also helps if you put too much black pepper.
Never thought that you're into magic tricks too
Algorithm
Are there other food safe dyes that can add more vibrant hues rather than relying on immersion blending to get a darker shade? Would adding more food coloring compromise the frosting? At which point, if any, would supplemental food coloring start to change overall texture, flavor, mouth feel, etc? If the goal that is, is to have a frosting that not only looks richer in color, but is palatable/pleasant to eat?
My God.  Who doesn't know that you absolutely never, never, ever try to cook an  unshelled egg in the microwave.  What's next?  Touching fire to see if it's hot???
I saw a woman on tiktok straight up promote this way of cooking the egg, and making it in a "safe" way. I don't think you should call this safe at all, kids mess things up because they're kids, and who's going to be in the wrong when someone hurts themselves
The potato one works, you just have to leave it in the curry or whatever you're making and make it part of the dish. Basically just increasing the volume to decrease concentration of salt. Its just easier to add a potato than all of the ingredients all over again.
Thanks for making me aware of the fake animal rescue videos - I had no idea! You're doing a great thing raising awareness of this sort of thing, as well as the kinds of dangerous hacks you've talked about before.
Original "hack" was about using an immersion blender on your frosting to increase the color saturation.  Does this work?  Yes.  Ann's "debunking" video pointed out that, while this does work, it results in a very different texture that isn't usually associated with frosting.  Is that true?  Yes.  Original "hack" content creator argues that rewhipping the frosting will regain the "frosting" texture while retaining the color saturation gain.  Is this true?  Well...not really.  Rewhipping the frosting can (potentially, if done correctly) regain the "frosting" texture, but the color of the frosting then desaturates as well.  From what I've seen in the videos, and my own experiment in my kitchen, the "rewhipped" frosting is slightly more saturated than the original frosting but has slightly less volume as well, and I wouldn't say there's a significant difference in saturation..  Original "hack" content creator goes on to argue about the mechanisms which are causing the increased color saturation and makes another video pointing to perceived errors from Ann's video.  Original "hack" content creator's channel gets a significant boost in subscribers and engagement from the "drama" between the two channels.  Original "hack" content creator goes on to posting several comments below her video further challenging Ann's findings and methods, fanning the flames of drama and further boosting her channel's engagement.  People watching both channels take sides and comment, further increasing engagement for both channels.  Honestly, I can't find a fault in the process for either channel.  The fault I do see is in the original content creator's seemingly intentional "stirring of the pot".  It seems obvious to me that the original content creator saw one of her videos on another channel with nearly 5 million subscribers and saw an opportunity to boost her channel.  I can't blame her for doing that, but I'm not thrilled with how she chose to take advantage of the situation.  Many of her statements seems very disingenuous and she seems to be intentionally misrepresenting her findings for the purpose of increasing the drama.    In her video, she shows several samples and says the rewhipped samples retained their higher saturation, but they seem almost identical (they're usually very slightly darker).  In another portion, she shows Swiss made butter cream and the rewhipped version is significantly more saturated than the initial sample, but the video clearly shows a significant decrease in volume between the initial frosting and the rewhipped frosting.  She makes a big point about weighing the frosting, but the weight is irrelevant because nothing is being added and nothing is being removed (except air), then says she measured the volume and found significantly "less than in the debunking video", but she doesn't show the original volume.    Ann isn't always right, and her methods aren't always correct, but I've never watched anything she's done and thought she was intentionally misrepresenting her findings.
I'm sure you said that the air was all knocked out of the icing! What I'd like to see is both icings used on two similar cakes.
For the potatoe salt trick, I’ve always done it while cooking but I add more, and thicker potatoes. It definitely does work! But doesn’t take ALL the salt away, just calms it down.
No need to test the frosting one. It's all about the volume. The same amount of food colouring over less volume means a darker frosting. Increase the volume again, without increasing the amount of colour, then the frosting will be lighter again.
Your debunking videos are my favourite! You’re like YouTube’s superhero! Also, as a Canadian I feel a weird kinship with Australians
Dave! Maybe you shout have a mug to spite into. You're a legend!   BTW, I'm pretty sure I read about potato helping with saltiness. Not sure where. A book of tips? The commonsense cookery book? It was pretty old...
You did patato hack wrong. It does work with soups, sauces etc. Not fresh water.
I can't speak for other countries but at least in America maybe they could have legitimate animal rescues prove their 501c status and have some sort of pre-approval process for uploading an animal rescue videos? And any video uploaded by an account that isn't pre-approved is removed?  IDK, but that obviously hot glue on the turtle made me biting mad so I'm really hoping there's a solution soon.
Aww man i wish you weren't so boring.
The whipped frosting color is simple science, whipping it adds air and thus brightens the color, it's impossible to avoid that. The only way to make it darker and keep it airy is to add more coloring.
Adding volume to frosting without adding additional coloring will make it less vibrant.  Think about it.  You're adding air.  Air doesn't have a color.  So, when you're adding air to your frosting, the color will diminish roughly by the same percentage of air (by volume) you're adding.  Say you have 100ml of frosting and whip it into 150ml of frosting.  The color will lose roughly 50% of its vibrancy.  This isn't even science!  It's simple math!
Your complete lack of scientific process, hubris, and laziness in your methods is why I no longer subscribe or watch your videos.
Fake rescue videos made me lose my faith in humanity. Had no idea something like that exists...
I just ignore/skip any and all rescue videos just to be on the safe side. I even skipped most of the segment here in this video, I just can't take it, and it's so horrible that someone would do such a thing. The one video I did watch was the guy ambushed by kittens who says 'hot diggidy dawwg'. So cute.
Thank you for pointing out those fake animal videos. Some people are just so horrible. Keep being awesome!
I don't really understand the food color thing. Why bother? Just use two more drops of food color if you want a more saturated color? That's WAY less work than whipping and re-whipping your frosting? Like we are talking about life hacks that people at home use, you are not going to save that much food color so it would make a financial diffrence?  Like the uselessness of that "hack" alone makes me think this is fake. But also it just doesn't make sense? Why WOULD blending make the color stay more saturated?  It is more saturated if you blend it because the color particles are closer together, because you blended out some volume, the color doesn't have to spread that much across the whole volume. WHY would it stay darker if you reblend it? You are adding more volume, you are adding more air, you are making it less dense it HAS to get lighter just based on logic.
Actually potatoes can absorb some salt, like pasta. I've boiled chunks of potato in saltwater and i tried them without adding anything to them to them, and you could taste the salt in them. So depending on how much potato you add, the hack might work.
Seeing people try the exploding egg thing is terrifying, I can’t imagine the burns. My whole life the only eggs my mom would let me cook in the microwave had to be scrambled, no exceptions. They get inflated and fluffy while cooking and then deflate into almost a ribbon like shape that feels nice especially in a sandwich. Only microwave scrambled eggs!
I just wish YouTube cared as much about facts as you do. Please debunk everything you can. I can't cook and don't intend to change that. Combat lies. Don't stop
Fake animal rescue - I’ve rescued lots of cats and I’m crazy about them. Having said that, one thing that mortifies me is that in lots of rescue videos they start with at  least 10-30 seconds of footage of them circling the cat just showing how miserable the poor cat/kitten is. In my experience, I want to take the cat OUT of the situation as FAST as possible, certainly I’m not going to let it suffer for a second even while I make sure I record their suffering. I started to suspect about fake rescue material, but this poor turtle with the hot glue video just made me confirm my theory. I think following organizations that rescue cats or animals is the best way to support their cause and try to avoid clicking on just any rescue video.
I'm no expert, BUT... I do bake cookies using a 1930s recipe that uses butter and sugars creamed together with a fork. What is the 1930s housewife way of knowing when they're ready? By seeing the color and texture change to light and fluffy. Overdo it and it turns dark again and collapses. Why is that related to the frosting drama? Because creamed butter and sugars make the cookies fluffier. When I've overbeaten the mixture, my cookies have turned out much flatter. The thing that makes the mixture turn light is the same thing that makes my cookies fluffy, and that must be air. At least that's how it looks to my simple mind. It is incredibly stupid that the pot is being stirred up this much over whether or not you want air in your frosting.
I got so mad at some of the people complaining about the frosting hack and stating dumb as heck stuff about how “she used the wrong type of buttercream” I’m yet to see evidence of their food science degrees though
Fake”animal rescue” videos are so disturbing! I keep getting videos about finding stray dogs/cats suggested on my main yt page 😵
@emmymade ginger milk pudding! 11:51
Popping in because I know you might see this. I absolutely treasure your warmth and generosity with these videos. I love that you have so much attention for safety, both physical safety in the kitchen and the many kinds of safety necessary for engaging on the internet. I love that you care as much about encouraging more views for positive videos as you do for discouraging views for negative or harmful videos. I love that your approach to 'debunking' is investigative and scientific and is never ever about tearing someone else down. I love that you reached out to this other creator to be fair with her and to focus on results and development of knowledge. I love that you encourage your viewers of all ages to try everything, when safe to do so. I suspect in a lovely way that much of your kindness is innate, but I also adore how much of your kindness is an extremely deliberate choice to make the world a kinder place. So I just wanted to say thank you.
YOU 👏 TELL 👏 HER 👏 ANNE 👏
This whole frosting thing is laughable...the idea anybody could think that food colouring intensifies when blended is mind bogglingly silly
Tiktokers just mocking the people scalded by microwave eggs now?
The potato one actually works, I've done it. But you need WAY more potato than that. You need half to a whole BIG potato
Question: does the ginger extract curdle the milk? In the same way that adding a yogurt starter to fresh milk does? Or is this a different resultant product?
I love Ann. ❤
I want to thank Dave 's kidneys for all the risks they took for science.
Stuff like vinegar can be used as a salt substitute because it makes your tongue think you're eating salt. It hits the salt receptors on your tongue. That's why Salt-N-Vinegar chips taste much saltier to me than regular chips. Sorry, but that vinegar/brown sugar drink looks like a urine sample of someone who's a bit dehydrated.
I think #frostinggate was a missed opportunity for a collaboration between two great YouTubers! There could have been a seperate video dedicated to experimentation, but ego got in the way.
I would just add extra water to dilute the salt. Though, I wouldn't if it was just me eating the food. I need at least 3,500 mgs of salt daily.
Thanks for addressing the frosting color hack. I saw that video and did it for a friend’s birthday cake with Italian meringue buttercream, whipped it back up and everything. But it really did have the texture of cold butter and I never realized why it turned out so bad. Ended up making the leftover cake into cake pops that were thankfully a hit, so at least it didn’t go to waste!
I don't see how the frosting could stay as dark when you re-whip it.  By adding air and increasing the volume you're spreading the coloring across a greater area.
If you want two ingredient moose, whipping cream and hot coco pouder, I've tried it and that works. Its technically chocolate whipcream but its delicious and can be made dairy free. You whip the whipream into almost soft peaks then add the hotcoco befoer mixing on low till its incorporated then whip into stiff peaks.  Again technically its Chocolate whipcream.
I’m 25 but I want you guys to adopt me. You guys are awesome 😂
I appreciate the way you addressed the drama without feeding it. I saw the other video and was a little shocked at how rude they were. You addressed it very well and with dignity 💗
#experiment I tried it and yours is right. I wasn't able to recover the density and quantity of the initial frosting. Color was darker at the end but because the texture was almost the same! Adriana is not saying the truth I guess
Thanks really enjoy your videos
Love this channel
How does he not gag, and just continue to taste everything?
I have used the potato hack successfully. It has to be used in a broth based dish to properly work and cook it longer than 15 minutes.
Keep being a class act, Ann <3
After your delightful husband has ingested too much salt, try adding a cube of raw potato to his diet to extract all the salt from his tummy :p
You can clearly see at 15:36 and 15:42 that the frosting looks much denser. I'm not sure what the original poster was talking about, it's clearly not as fluffy afterward. I would just add more colourant.
The potato thing works, but you're not going to do it with a little butter pat slice of potato. You need to put several potatoes in a stew or something if it's too salty.
2:53 13:30
I report those animal videos every time... You know the moment you see the thumbnail pic... Btw, my mother do the ginger dessert all the time... It's a chinese dessert
Can you please give us a better warning next time. I did not need to see that animal cruelty 😔
Oh bless, I was stuck in a political black hole.
Christ, l didn't come here to see abused animals!
A whhhhhhhipped frosting experiment! Now, that's an experiment I can get behind.🤤
To be fair, the "too salty, add a potato" hack pre-dates tiktok by at least the age of my mother.
When I over salt I try to counteract with a bit of sugar if it’s spaghetti sauce.
I don't understand why you would go through all that effort with the frosting to get a darker color when you can just add more coloring and not ruin the texture of the frosting.
As someone from Hong Kong, I knew the ginger milk treat was real because it is commonplace in dessert stores, restaurant, etc.
Could you please let us know why the eggs explode? :) I'm super curious & you explain things well
I have an idea... don't watch TikTok!!!!
With the animals rescue videos if you see a channel that posts constantly and seems really click baitey than it’s a good chance it’s not genuine.
I'm embarrassed and horrified to say that I had no idea until this very moment that there are fake animal rescue videos.  I am a well educated person who knows the internet is hip deep in fakes, but for some reason this possibility hadn't even come anywhere near my brain!!  Thank you for all the work you do to be an example of critical thinking and safety!
About animal rescue videos, maybe we should only click if they are uploaded by a rescue centre's channel. And it would be great if YouTube and other social media banned animal rescue vids from any source that isn't a rescue organization. Because even if the rescue is genuine, the person who rescued the animal doesn't need the fame or credit for it on social media.
I watched sugarologie’s video and not once did it seem like she was saying you could whip it back up, she said that she knows it loses volume but it’s a trade off if you want darker color. Frankly if you want fluffy frosting and dark color you could do white frosting, chill it, then a thin coating of the immersion blended frosting.
13:31 The smile on the pudding was so genuine.
OMG egg in microwave again?????????😂
Would love to see you take on @dinakalantaofficial  Recipes
On animal rescues:  A good general set of guidelines, in my opinion, as someone involved in welfare. 1. Is the source of the content a WELL-KNOWN and welfare* based organization locally, nationally, or internationally? 2. Does the title use a to-the-point summarization instead of emotionally focused clickbait terms? 3. If you're unfamiliar with the source; is it an ACTUAL welfare-based organization? A zoological organization? A veterinary clinic? What does the source's "about" show, and do they have a significant presence off of social media? Google is always your friend!  *Welfare is preferred over "animal rights" organizations for a long list of reasons, but that's a very separate topic.
These are my favourite videos! Can't wait to hear the results of the great frosting experiment!
Hi Ann, you confused Swiss and Italian meringue again! :D just a heads up
Poor Dave!😂
We used to make "eggs in the glas" - it is exactly what it sounds like. Nice, easy, tasty, and you really gotta watch out for it to not blow up in the microwave or when eating it. (Or you know the small little tricks so it can not explode)
Ann-have you given Dave a raise yet?
Because she's lying
It's kinda funny watching people take sides while claiming they are being neutral. Overall what Ann has done is basically dub a harmless experimenter as a fake clickbait creator with just two videos. There's tons of things to debunk on the internet and Ann went out of her way to debunk something that has evidently helped bunch of people as suggested by the comments on her channel.   The potato hack is also something prevalent in places where old cooking hacks are still widely used for rescuing salty food. You can just try to find couple of comments and see people from India, Mexico, etc. are sharing how they do it.   Overall very disappointed. It's like the time she debunked Tasty's Japanese fluffy pancake video that David Seymour recreated again and showed that she did it incorrectly.   Not like this comment will reach her in the sea of blind fans who worship her like a goddess of sorts. But I wish she realized how impressionable her audience is. One word from her and a creator's reputation could get destroyed in the cooking/baking community. I don't know how wrong Adriana is. I literally don't care about frosting. I just know that she destroyed her credibility as a creator altogether. You could have chosen more amicable words to assert your opinion and classified her as someone with interesting ideas for cooking.
EXPERIMENT: Me and my mom tried the hack last year for a black cake, we didn't have enough black coloring so I suggest my mom tried it. The buttercream did turn darker AND stayed dark after re-whipping, but we did notice it was much more less than the one we had to begin with. We did it both with the Kitchen-Aid and a hand-mixer.   It could be the quality of the butter, since this was for buttercream.
When I watched the other lady's responding frosting video something about her logic bothered me. And this video actually addressed and answered that question indirectly. She acknowledged that there was air loss, but ignored that factor as a possible explanation of the color change. She still claimed her theory on why the color changed was the right explanation and that the air loss had no effect on the color.  She argued that the reason that blending it worked is because it forced the small droplets of water soluble dye to contact and mix with the larger droplets of water in the emulsion. The idea being that the butter fat prevented the dye from dissolving in the other water and forced it to stay in concentrated small droplets and that this resulted in a less intense color.  Even accepting the theory that small intensely colored droplets appear less saturated to the eye than larger less intensely colored droplets (which I'm unsure of, but lets say is true) that can't be a factor in the swiss meringue made in this video because the dye was added directly to the eggs, which is the water based portion of a swiss meringue buttercream. This ensures that the dye was not prevented from mixing with all of the water based potion of the emulsion.  Which also means that the emulsion shown in this video contains 3 things only: 1 butterfat;  2 a solution of sugar, water, egg white and dye; and 3 air.  Not 4 things, as she claimed in her video:  1 butterfat;  2 a solution of sugar, water, and eggwhite; 3 dye; and  4 air.  If her theory was correct, then the color of the swiss meringue made in this video would not intensify with blending. The fact that it does proves that incompletely dissolved dye is not a factor.  The only thing that could cause the loss of volume is the loss of the air. Therefore the fact that blending it changes the color in both this video's swiss meringue buttercream (with its dye added directly to the eggs) and the frosting she made in her video (with dye added at an undetermined stage) means that the only remaining explanation is that the loss of the air intensifies the color.
Just a note to say hello and I really enjoy your video's and you seem to have a really nice family.  God Bless!!!!!!!
Actually the potato hack works, it's widely used in india. The only difference is that we add a TON of potatoes and not just a slice! Love ur videos ❤:)
Thank you for highlighting the horrible fake animal rescue videos.
I really appreciate seeing the science behind things and finding out if something could be dangerous, your videos are so important. I hope you're all doing okay 💜
The potato hack is something my mom taught me and its very popular in Mexican cooking. The potato trick works for me when cooking Mexicans dishes. Maybe just adding it to salted water didn't it give it the best chance 😅
Ann is a class act as usual! It's so rare to see people act like well-adjusted adults online and not high schoolers with low self-confidence that I'm almost surprised when it happens 😂
yessss ive saw his video about the turtles and every time i get the chance i tell these people to stop and comment on the comments about this!!!  thank u ann for only speaking and getting the truth out your awesome
When I was a chef, if there was a soup that was too salty or too savoury, I would add 3or 4 large peeled potatoes to a large pan and it really did help , so I wonder if it’s the amount of potato you use that makes the difference ,of course I very rarely made mistakes like that, but I always thought the potato tricks did work.
who else thinks of a certain teenage princess when they hear an aussie say 'coke zero'
About the potatoe and salt: I think this debunking wasn’t quite right. I have made soups, stews etc, seasoned to perfection, added veggies - and had to reseason. So with more potatoe I still think it’ll work. But within limits, of course. You can’t fix the Dead sea with a spud.
I can't believe some people think it's funny to have someone cut into an exploding egg and record them screaming in pain as a prank.
Could the type or specific recipe of frosting used make a difference (although I doubt it would make a significant difference)? If so, maybe ask her for her recipe and redo the experiment?
Reusable straws (e.g. metal) get the best of both worlds, I'd guess, since they have both durability and reusability; even better if they're made of materials that can be recycled, composted, or otherwise repurposed  Also, those fake rescue videos are f-ed up. Kinda reminds me of those potentially disturbing "children's videos" Folding Ideas highlighted a few years ago
Why can't the police arrest these uploaders?
God bless Dave 😂😂😂😂 the salt and the "chocolate water"
Queen Ann, that's my new nickname for you. Full of grace and decorum, cooking royalty thus the name. 👸👩‍🍳
People who use straws suck.      Think I'm wrong? Try using a straw without sucking.
Perhaps th girl used the American buttercream frosting?
Darker Frosting: I just don't see why you'd go through all the extra trouble instead of just adding more color to begin with.
I made ginger milk pudding once. I can't remember exactly why--I had a housemate at the time who loved Chinese food and went out of his way to find new and different things he hadn't had before, and I wanted to make him something sweet I think because he'd been in hospital. It worked out perfectly--I even bought a digital thermometer to get the temperature right--but I didn't like it. He didn't like it either XD but appreciated the effort I think.
Thank you for exposing animal fake rescue videos. I honestly think that the solution to them is that once a video is flagged as animal abuse, that social media websites have teams of animal experts who evaluate the video. Then they need a system that automatically saves the footage to a database and if someone tries to reupload the footage or part of it, the system flags it and they need to send an appeal before it can be viewed by anyone. The last bit is to allow for content creators who raise awareness or educate people about fake rescue vids.
For animal rescue videos id say this. Try and verify as much information about the channel as you can. Do they belong to an organization? Google them verify its a properly established rescue organization.   If not go to the channel page and check Are there any animals reused in thumbnails?  If your watching a rescue video read the information beneath the video  I hope these suggestions help
Hi, Ann! I was very shocked by the first debunk, because in my mom's side of the family (brazilian) whenever we cook rice and it's too salty we put a potato cut in cubes and it helps make the rice less salty, so I was sure it'd work! Do you know why it works with the rice? Could it be that we all got brainwashed into thinking it tastes less salty when it's not the case? I'm kinda worried now! 😂
Great video as always Ann ^_^. Though I must say, perhaps I have lived a sheltered life, it would never occur to me to prank someone with something really hot that could explode in their face! What are people thinking?
the animal rescue videos are a pretty tragic case of twisted social rewards incentivizing negative behavior. there's a critique of capitalism here, but i'm lazy.
My idea is, if you know this is a fake animal rescue channel report and don't give attention and deftly not money if they ask.
Faking saving an living turtle, animal, or creatures by doing harm is afoul!
Salt, water, vinegar, brown sugar. Aside from showing a hack to try & fix oversalting, I think you just made Switchel; a type of ancient energy drink) (I've been watching a lot of Townsends recently-- a YouTube channel that recreates recipes from the 18th century)
Hello, I want to add to the data so I did the frosting experiment, I have a hand mixer and used a small batch, I did it twice, the first time my frosting got lumpy with all the extra whipping but the colour was brighter, not as bright as with the blended version but brighter than the original whipped one.  The second time I did I was more careful about wiping it again, and I got the same results as you
14:42 Safety squints! 🤣
Love these debunking videos, those 5 minute shite on a stick videos piss me off and they keep popping up everywhere, glad someone is actively calling them out on their trash content. Not only is it trash but half of them are dangerous.
Regarding the color:   Foam is refracting light (that's why foam looks white) and it's decreasing the color-to-volume ratio.  Getting rid of the air will make it darker and adding in air bubbles will make it lighter.
I love these videos, but the one about a potato NOT making food less salty is simply not true. The potato absorbs the water and takes salt with it. Why else would you salt water to season potatoes if you're cooking them to eat? Same thing with pasta. Removing salt from the solution isn't going to necessarily reduce the concentration, but if you then top the pot off with fresh water (or w/e other ingredients for the dish) the concentration will be less. Whether that's a meaningful difference would depend on the person tasting it, but still.
18:53 that's how you do it
#experiment I haven't done this recently, but I did it before (not with a stick blender, I did another method that knocked the air out) and it definitely lightened up again when I rewhipped it. In the end I used it in its darker, denser form and it looked great but wasn't very delicious! I've decided never to make a navy cake again 😂
@HowToCookThat at the 20:24 timestamp the rewhipped frosting looks lighter than the swatch from before the blend
omg the paper straw in fizzy juice one - I remember going to the cinema and I'd pinched some straws from McDonald's to put in my bottle of irn bru and it exploded everywhere at the very start of the movie so I sat in a puddle of irn bru for three hours (we watched the batman)
The animal rescue segment was sad :( please stick to foods
When your soup is too salty just taje out some of it and add water and other spices to balance the saltines..... 🤷‍♀️
Dave is such a  trouper! 😊
Stop harming animals for views, its just sick
The fake animal rescue videos absolutely destroy my heart. I don’t understand how anyone can do that to another living thing. It makes me so livid and so sad.
That fake barnacle video... That didn't even look like barnacles! 😂😂😂😁
As for the fake animal rescue videos, I'd always check to see if the person posting them has a legit website and is a registered non-profit. For example, Animal Aid Unlimited, which was seen under the dogs stuck in rubber video search, does seem to be legit. Obviously having a non-profit status does not mean a rescue organization is legit. There are always loopholes, but I think it's the best way to cut out the bad ones.
Yes tik tok is full of idiots making people dumb
Ann that shirt is so gorgeous and cute, I love it and it looks just lovely on you!! 💖💕
This is the only cooking channel that makes videos I share with friends who aren't into cooking. Ann Reardon is the Hank Green of domestic hacks.
What on earth is the point of all that whipping, blending, and re-whipping when you could add in a few extra drops of colour and save an hour's faffing?!?!
Honestly whipping the frosting, coloring it, blending it and then whipping it again sounds like a lot more work than just adding some more food coloring
Im sorry but the potato one works i do it all the time when i use a bit too much salt in my bolonese sauce. Try it with food not water lol
it literally doesnt make sense that rewhipping the frosting would re-aerate the frosting and keep the color the same. id bet if you proportionally put the same amount of food coloring into the 700ml as was in the 450ml blended frosting, the color would be the same.
I use the potato hack when I make the Mississippi Roast recipe and it definitely helps. The packets you use can be very salty and adding a cut potato (whole, cut in half/quartered) helps cut it back some.
That microwaved hardboiled egg hack actually scared me for a while, because I used to make scrambled eggs in the microwave, like those "meals in a mug." Thing was, I was told by a family member about how dangerous microwaved eggs were in general, forgetting that I had made scrambled eggs before with her, and thought it was this scary thing that rarely happened. Except I wasn't making hardboiled eggs. Like ever. Eventually I dug into the science behind it and found I was never gonna explode the egg unless I added gunpowder to the egg. Still can't cook eggs in the microwave now. It sucks, cause I have bowls that are shaped perfectly for bagels, and my family member uses as much salt in that weird potato hack for one egg. 🙃
I just had to say that this video piqued my interest in what this other cake-maker was talking about and her "response."  So, I found it, watched it (without commenting or reacting to the video - thanks to Ann for explaining how those things support a video regardless of whether your opinion is positive or negative!) and...  LOL!!  That lady is crazy and passive aggressive.  She's trying to say that she's a "scientist" but nothing of what I saw had any clarity to it.  If you are a "scientist" and your method is so good, why the hell can't you just provide a clear step-by-step that will work every time?  which is exactly what Ann said about science being repeatable.    Naw, if I followed her channel I would have had to unsubscribe after seeing how stupidly she reacted to someone pointing out valid variables in her method.  The world is so full of people like that who can't accept when they're wrong and/or who can't use constructive criticism to improve themselves and their work.    Thank you, Ann, for always being a model human being, and I hope you don't give this immature lady any additional publicity on your channel.  Edit: there is a video about Elizabeth Holmes in the sidebar of this page and it just dawned on me that Elizabeth Holmes and Theranos is pretty much what appears to be going on with this Adrianna lady and her icing "hack."  Just someone trying to bully and "out-(pseudo)science" anyone who actually voices their fully-warranted skepticism and inability to replicate your assertion.
“For the science” bless him 😆
Tik Tokker: “Tell me that isn’t magic.” Ann: “It’s enzymes.”
My GCSE biology coursework looking at osmosis with potatoes, and salt water concentrations knew that potato was never going to work.
The best solution for fake animal rescue videoes is for the government to get involved and arrest the person for animal cruelty, because what they are doing is VERY illegal in many countries, the turtle one where the hot glue is obvious is a very good example of basically totally incontrovertable evidence of animal cruelty.
this is peer review beef
I'm starting to wonder if Anne has taken out a life insurance policy on Dave 😂 Also Sugarologie isn't using American buttercream, it's her own buttercream invention.
You should make a 'lab perfect' cookie like NileBlue did recently
Yikes...  That "turtle with barnacles" video was ridiculous.  Not only was it not a sea turtle, and not only was that junk hot-glued onto the turtle's shell, but the things on the shell weren't even barnacles.  It was just a random collection of rocks and assorted shell fragments. 🤦‍♂
Dave was a real trooper for the salt drinking one
I hope Dave doesn't have high blood pressure.
My Grandma always added a raw egg to the soup if it was to salty. The egg absorbed the salt and then it was fine. You can test it out if you like, love watching your content :D
The potato / salt def seems to work for casseroles and stews, ive used it several times and it does make a difference.
I actually did the soda and mentos for one of my science we did different sodas and mentos I figured out the fruit mentos when I was drinking soda and put one in my mouth
Obtain a more intense color by beating and then blending or adding more coloring from the beginning? I vote to add more coloring from the start, I don't like working double. 😅
Why would rewhipping be a good idea? Such a waste of energy. Just put in some more drops of food color
I really love your videos. I have only one thing to mention, the buttercream you made with hot syrup is Italian buttercream, not Swiss. Swiss is when you heat the egg whites with the sugar over a bain-marie. Thank you for all the effort!
Pouring hot syrup in to eggs whites actually makes "Italian Meringue", Swiss Meringue is heated in a waterbath while being whisked, not heated as much
I get excited every time you upload. I think you are brilliant, and I am thrilled with how you handled the frosting situation.   Bravo. I'm also excited to see if other youtubers will make videos running the frosting test.
love your debunking video  :) 😁
I cannot believe people would record giving the Microwave'd eggs to someone else. That's extremely irresponsible.
Love your content. That bit with the turtles made me so mad 😠. People will anything for money 🙄
Hi Ann,  The potato hack is used in many Mexican/Latin recipes. It’s not used for water, moreso for thicker sauces in birria/barbacoa (the consistency off the food/sauce has to be thicker like a sauce/curry)
Yeah, no, that potato "salt hack" has maaaaaaade its rounds in South Africa. It only works if you're either willing to turn your meal into a potato stew or have a completely seperate side dish of boiled, peeled potatoes because that's how many you would have to use to make a difference especially if its alot.
Why does Dave's shirt have a heterosexual pride flag on it? I hope that isn't some kind of misguided political statement
As showed in the video, the potato one is idiotic, but to the idea of pulling it back when you've just gone past the point?  It might work, by giving the small amount of extra salt somewhere to go.  The video is definitely debunked, but the piece of advice it's based on isn't.
With more precise instruments we can probably see the colour differences more accurately. Some people are more capable of seeing different shades of colours than others and things like light or the natural batch variations from colourings could impact the experiment. Unfortunately, most people do not own a colourimeter and ultimately, this hack is disproved by the concept of concentrations in chemistry, so I think such precision would be unnecessary.
The lady with the frosting is wrong. Anne is correct. The frosting lady is just fighting for her life in the comments.
10:15 You can see in the TikTok video that they're pouring the chocolate onto some clear wrap that's over the ice!!!
My daughter and I enjoy watching your videos together. She is a big fan. She received your cookbook a couple Christmases ago. You’ve inspired her to pursue food science. I’m happy to report that she was accepted into a Culinology program at a local technical high school, and will be starting there in September.
Why… why would you want to whip frosting, blend it and rewhip it to attempt to get the same results you can get by adding a little more food coloring? Seems like A LOT of work for something that can be fixed easy.
What about the ice bath, couldn't it affect the color? Maybe if some tiny frozen crystals form in the frosting, they might affect how the frosting reflects the light.
Talking about whipping reminded me of something that happened the other day: My wife tried to make whipped cream in a measuring jug with a handheld whisk, and she ended up churning it into butter. When I got home (with some new cream) I whipped it in a pyrex bowl woth the same whisk and it not only took far less time, it whipped beautifully. I'd be interested to know the science behind this. My guess is that trying to make it in a measuring jug with a full-size whisk meant that the cream didn't have the room to move around and aerate, so she ended up just seperating the fat from the liquid and making butter. Am I far off?
For the icing hack. It seems to me that the original creator is just upset that she was wrong about the science not the actual results
I love that to answer the icing question, Anne is basically asking the viewers to help her do a meta analysis. This is how science is done! Woohoo!
When your husband was testing the water with the third one made ne think that his mimd was saying well this is how I die. I should of written a note that if I die look to my wife JK
Why would you want to compress whipped frosting and re-whip it rather than just add more colour?
Notes 3:57 Coke + Straw 6:19 Fake Animal Rescue Videos 8:22 Coin Levitation 9:31 Chocolate Mousse 11:47 Ginger Milk Pudding 13:36 Eggsplosion 15:25 Frosting Color Hack Revisited
Love the ginger dessert, we call it ginger milk pudding in Hong Kong and it's very hard to get the ratios right❤
I do not watch any animal rescue videos at all after learning that they're being faked fore monetary gain. In my opinion, it is better to not watch at all, not contributing to animal abuse at all, than it is to watch legit animal rescue videos cuz its clickbaity and feel good. I'd feel better if no animals were being abused. And if you want me to donate to a cause, I would rather see the animal happy AFTER the rescue, than showing me a scared, suffering animal then asking me fore money.
I never trust animal rescue videos from random people or ones are unaffiliated with a legitimate organization. I rarely flip though shorts but the last time I did I saw one that was of a man pulling a budgie out of a river in the United States. While I am willing to believe that there are wild surviving populations in the southern states from people releasing them as pets, it's just too easy to buy one and put it into a dangerous situation and film it for views
I have some professional knowledge in biology and chemistry and was really mad when I first saw Adriana's video. She was mixing half truth and lies and only giving some vital information in the comments. Her response video made me even madder, I was expecting her to apologize as 20% - 40% is a significance flavour and say she's sorry she didn't consider the texture difference, just colour. But she doubled down and made an even dumber bolder claim, no way in hell she swiss meringue can be re-whipped into shape after it's collapse. If it could that would be a waaaaaay better "hack" (I won't go into details but she saying she can undo and redo denaturation of proteins in the exact same way. That's insane). I'm not going to even grace watching her response. she didn't have much credibility to me in the beginning as she clearly is not a very rigorous tester, but now I know she is also not acting in good faith.  this is probably too long to be read by anyone, but btw if anyone who's reading want a nice tip to easily tell if he should question a scientist credibility, is if he suggested limitations and issues with his suggestion, like how Ann explained the limitation of the chocolate water mousse. If a scientist doesn't do that he either isn't very capable and need training on how to test challenge and debunk his own work (that's specific to his field, this is not  psychological training though he might also need that) or he is a researcher most vulnerable to confirmation bias. He has to either be double and triple check constantly or outright ignored. As I plan to do to Adrianna, I feel like we "lucked out" with her being caught with something so easily debunkable for laypeople and ridiculous for trained professionals. She could have come up with something more difficult to debunk and more dangerous. I'm not going to waist my time on her, there are plenty of better YouTubers to learn from
About the potato hack it could work. Its just different when it comes to cooking and heating a salty dish.
The animal stuff kills me 😢😢😢
10:28 Adriana's frosting color swatches prove that her final rewhip is lighter in color than her middle color. Her texture also goes to prove that she's not telling the whole truth. Simply looking at that third swatch's texture shows that it is still thicker than her original whip, which automatically means she did not get the frosting back to the same volume. Adriana's claims are debunked by her very own frosting swatches.
I've been boiling eggs in microwave oven for decades now, but I never faced this phenomenon. Is it because I put water in the boiling pot and let the eggs cool down in an ice bath before taking off the shells?
This is why I love this channel, she’s very mature and never gets into drama and when someone tries to have drama with Ann she is always professional and mature. The exploding egg pranking is just 😕 especially to people who didn’t know they were getting “pranked” like.. they could be seriously injured. And the fake rescue vids make me so furious, I didn’t know that was a think people did… just to have clout??
Hi Ann! Love you videos!  just wondering if you can please explain why you called the icing you used a Swiss meringue… My understanding of a Swiss meringue is when the egg whites and sugar are placed over a double boiler and heated up until about 70° or until they feel warm to touch . That mix is then removed from the heat placed in the stand mixer and whipped until a marshmallowy texture… You have used at least on two occasions, a sugar syrup to do a Swiss meringue, which I thought was the French meringue.  :)
Forgive me if I’m wrong, but I learned that that is a recipe for Italian buttercream. Not Swiss.
thank you for being so mature in your response to the food coloring frosting video despite a lot of her fans trying to start drama with you <3
Dave's smile was so charming when he tasted the ginger milk pudding! xD
Gotta applaud her husband
I would believe you over any other YouTuber
I think the potato thing is a case of life hack telephone taking an idea that sorta works and making it into a 'flashier' hack that does not. Putting a potato in an over-salted dish does help... but not if you take it out! The problem with salty food is too much salt not enough food. So if you just add more food (especially something dense and absorbent like potato or rice), you even out the balance a little. Many times when I've had my food come out too salty, I just spread it over a generous amount of mashed potato or cooked rice and eat it like that. Big improvement. THAT is how a potato helps over salted food- not through cooking hack absorbancy magic!
I absolutely love that shade of orange for the frosting.
No but the potato hack does work . Whenever our curry is more salty we put a whole potato in it,and it does help.
13:31 You can just see Dave's face of quiet astonishment at actually liking something Ann gives him to taste 😆🥹
4:49 i assume you meant "falls much FASTER" cos in your test its literally the first one to the bottom
You have years of education and experience, Ann, so I don't need to do the experiment.  I trust your results.  Thank you for continuing to educate us on the fake and unsafe "hacks."
The potato does work, youre missing the point, youre adding a body of osmosis that is 80% water taht you can remove after. so yeh.... addding potatoes and removing them reduces the sault. that's the point.
I used to see a lot of fake animal rescue videos involving ticks, where the uploader would put ticks on animals purposefully, over and over.  Thankfully, after reporting them, they’ve been taken down, but more are bound to pop up.  One thing that I found is that a lot of these fake rescue channels will use the same animals repeatedly- look out for distinctive markings or colors of the animals in their videos.  Also, the more context a video has behind its rescue, the more credible it generally is.  Investigating the channel itself for follow up videos or for potential suspicious behavior can help identify the fakes.
The most honest and straightforward lady on the internet 🛜❤ love 💖 watching
The hack with the potatoe does work! But likely one will just notice the difference in a dish and when there is only somewhat too much salt. Also its better to use a whole potatoe, not just a tiny pice.
This was another excellent debunking video Ann! Dave is such a trooper!
ALL of your videos are brilliant! Thanks for taking the time to do the research! Shout out to Dave for tasting salty water lol!
“Please don’t meme this!” What a legend 😂
As soon as I saw the ginger milk dessert I thought it seemed infinitely more genuine than most of the videos Ann Debunks.
Fake animal rescues are so sick! Clickbait is disgusting
Ok, so I saw the turtle and thought ‘…is someone cooking that?’ 😅
Ann telling her audience she doesn't want youtube drama... (Me scrolling through the comments and see a lot of people accusing the other creator or each other about being wrong etc) People can't live without drama..😅😂
Dislikes were a great arbitrage mechanism for fake videos as people could immediately realise something was wrong with the video if it has more dislikes than likes and click off. Not anymore, thanks youtube.
Hey ann... Instead of potato, try small balls of dough used to make rotis...they absorb excess salt from curries like a dream...atleast so says my mum
With the frosting, there is one other variable. Time. Frosting darkens over time normally
thanks for another great video!
Even the woman in the OG salt video could hide her poker face when she tried the final taste 😅
I'm gonna say it, because I like conflict. We need to call Adriana out on her lies.
I was very intrigued to see the frosting hack come back and love that you not only reached out to the creator when you couldn't replicate those results but ended the video with a call to action for viewers to try it out themselves to see and add data points! Rockstar move there.  Its so sad to see some of the prank ones, espcially when they involve unspecting animals </3 I hope it brings awareness to the channels that ARE legit. My only thought is to highlight some of the legit ones, which you did in your video but perhaps linking them in the details too?
Tremenda arrastrada que le diste a los que no creían lo del color del merengue 💋 devoraste
No offence Adriana, all that work without foolproof method isn’t worth saving a bit of extra food colouring.
For those curious about the colored frosting science..... when you lose air volume, the colored 'bits' that give the frosting its color grow closer together, denser.  This gives the effect of making it appear darker, more intense.  The second you add air volume back into the mixture, the colored 'bits' are going to become more spread out, less dense.  This results in a less intense color.
13:37 The person that did it in a vex (from despicable me) cosplay really makes me feel like they’re playing a bit *too* much in character.
Excellent and accurate science as always.  Thank you.  But  I still do not understand why anyone would ever microwave a boiled egg.  - apart from the whole "look at me" and "prank" rubbish.    They take such a short time to boil freshly.    ?  any one? please ?
The problem with the fake rescue videos is the same as all the other content farm videos. Instead of ignoring it and clicking not interested and moving on, peoples egos make them watch the whole video and then comment their anger on it, which is exactly what the person who posted it wanted. Because of human ego we accelerate these videos instead of just ignoring them and giving them absolutely no attention so they go away!!!!!
You should redo the potsto experiment. They put in a whole potato block not a slice.
Dave!
I am with Ann regarding the frosting experiment that the coloring is most likely related to the airiness or texture of the mixture. The coloring is mostly controlled by the light absorption of the mixture based on the coloring chemicals that are added it therefore can relatively easily be described by Lambert-Beers law. The absorption is linearily proportional to the molar absorption coefficient which doesnt chang since its material specifc, the concentration of absorbing material and the length of the light path through said material. Given the experiment by making it more fluffly you are reducing the concentration of absorbant which causes the absorption to decrease and therefore the coloring to become lighter. The only way to keep a darker coloring while also decreasing the concentration would be using a longer lightpath. Now the length of the lighpath is a bit more complicated here because we are not dealing with transmission through a relatively transparent medium but instead with absorption by partial reflection and scatteringe i.e. the penetration and reflection depth inside the material matters. I guess depending on what frosting you exactly have it could be possible that you increase the penetration depth and scattering of the light (i.e. the light path) more than you decrease the concentration of absorbant by whipping it up but my guess would be that this would require relatively specific conditions and it is much more likely that the overall absorption will go down again when whipping the frosting up.  In any case for the color to be different the texture has to be different even if it might not be that perceptible to you since either the light path or the concentration (probably both) need to change for their to be a darker coloring percieved.
Ann says "you were wrong. Here is the science" in the nicest possible way. I assume its the accent? Or then ton of education Ann has?
This is my copy & paste comment because either 1. - I am being too lazy to type something out (even though you deserve it) or 2. - I have nothing to say that someone else hasn't commented better and there are already a bazillion other comments anyway.  But I'm posting this because I know the comments count as interaction. Great video, I look forward to your next one!
I really appreciate the real recipes after the nonsense ones! I have chocolate and water and a mixer! Sounds like a fun thing to try tomorrow!
after Ann saying not to microwave eggs so many times, i cant understand why people endanger themselves so much just for a trend especially that they know that a possibly dangerous explosion will happen :(
I loved Dave's smile when he realised the ginger pudding was actually tasty! - About the animal rescue videos, there need to be better ways to flag this with the respective authorities, absolutely disgusting, Thank you for using your reach to bring more awareness.
I am so glad I have always refused to watch any of those rescue videos. I knew they seemed off.
Wow I just saw her Blossom video from 3 years ago and she’s really aged severely. Get some rest.
I used to be a big fan, but seeing your response to the frosting "drama" has soured me a bit. You put on airs of being fair, but you didn't really address the other creator's points, or give her method a fair shot. You've lost a fan, and she has gained a new one. Hope you will be more humble in the future.
The potato test could have been done more extensively, instead of a tiny slice you should have used a whole potato cut into pieces. I think that for 500ml of water you used too little of a potato. I’m not saying that hack works, just that your debunking was not conclusive on that point
Watching the potato hack debunking made me realise the stupidity of how Ann debunks! The moment I just unsubscribed
An interesting thing the fact that science should be repeatable, is that people have faked major scientific discoveries and used the lack of repeatability of their experiments as a smoke screen. I believe the particular events I heard of were in a BobbyBroccoli video. Either the fake an element video, or one of his older ones discussing Jan Hendrik Schön. Both stories are quite engaging so if you're interested in the topic I recommend checking them out.
Ann against generations of Indian parents who use the potato hack successfully! Ann s videos now needs debunking
The potato hack actually works. Indian parents through generations have been using it and suddenly Ann with her science is debunking it! Her testing methods are not scientific at all and the way she tested was totally wrong!
Internet Trends have always had an issue of being unsafe, especially for children. Things like this go back as far as the cinnamon challenge (to my knowledge) and goes to show that the best way to protect children from these sorts of things is to teach them to be cautious of these things and to always get adult supervision.
Exploding egg prank?? People are so sadistic. And dumb. What a combination.
I suspect that, assuming everything's fair play here, the smaller volume she's using is leading to mistakes in measuring.
Quite frankly I don't understand needing straws in soft drinks unless for medical reasons. I only ever use straws in thickshakes.
My mom always said to add  tomato if the food is too salty. But u guess that's along the same lines as adding vinegar and sugar since tomatoes are both sweet and tart.
Made a batch of Swiss Meringue buttercream frosting. Started 500ml and light green. After blending was ~350ml and lighter green. After whipping again got back up to a bit over 400ml. Very similar to Ann’s results. I don’t know why people would be so intent on spreading false information.
I will run the experiment and report back ASAP😊
How I avoid oversalting things: I don't add salt to anything. Water gets a pinch of salt to keep it from boiling over. Anything else I tend to leave the salt out... but then I've been on a low-salt diet my whole life because I have a heart condition. So I tend to think things are oversalted when someone adds what they think is a "normal" amount of salt.
Dave is a trooper -- so are Ann's sons, when she recruits them as taste testers. That's why, when people ask if there are any truly wholesome "family channels" on youtube, I always mention How To Cook That. No exploitation of minors, & dangerous hacks debunked as well! Plus, we get some nice recipes into the bargain.
been busy but i'll always look forward to watching your videos!
Tiktok: “Easy poached eggs by microwaving them”  Anne: makes a video about the dangers of microwaved eggs exploding  Tiktok: “LMAO EGG EXPLODE LOL IT BURNS OW”
I actually remember the time that you talked about not putting egg in the microwave, and as soon as I saw the videos on tiktok I was like: People!!! Ann taught you not to do that😂
Greetings from Germany ❤️ I love your videos 🙂
Adding potatoes to oversalted soup is a well known technique, I wouldn't even call it a hack. You learn that if someone teaches you to cook. The thing is, you leave the potatoes in of course. I can't imagine it to work if you take them out afterwards.
I am so sad that you had to talk about this again. The fact that everyone from her channel attacked you and acted like they knew everything is the reason why yt is in the state it is now. And I saw how that girl talked back to you, she was not professional, and really showed her icky true colors by supporting those who attacked you.  Don't give her another breath after this, you did all you could. I'm just so mad about this. And the comments are just so hateful sitting there calling you a fake and just acting so full of themselves. uuuuuuuuugh.
Maybe this is just me but I feel like you should flash a quick trigger warning on screen before you shown things like animal cruelty or people getting injured and burned in the middle of your baking debunk content.
love it!
Animal abusers disguising their atrocities as heroism are a special kind of evil.
Frosting and colour. Enough to get some insecure ppl to start a drama over. Keep it up, Ann, have always trusted your videos!!
I cant find the moose recipe on your website😭
this is the best way to throw shade at someone lmao. the girl that made those frosting vids did not want to be “debunked” lmao u said ur not starting drama but u are
Dave...you okay buddy?😂😂
If you're using smaller batches for testing the frosting color, the problem you'll run into is the precision of your volume measurements. Say your measuring cup allows you to estimate +/- 20 mL. Say the re-whipping process causes a loss of 10% of volume. The cup won't allow you to tell if you've lost 10% of a 100mL volume. Larger quantities will help mitigate that precision limitation, as well was reduce the percent error that would occur from minor losses of frosting on the bakeware (though it sounds like you were also doing a good job of accounting for that with mass measurements).
That straw thing is so interesting! I had noticed before that if I put my metal straw in a bottle of Pepsi, bubbles would rise out of the straw and spill. I was really wondering why that was happening!
I love how Ann could have just salted some food/water, tasted it, then added the potato and tasted it again, and said if it tasted less salty than before. But she actually set up a really fair and more accurate test, and then provided an alternative since it didn't work.
#doingitforsciencenotforlikes
It's pretty simple. Adriana is a liar and doesn't want to admit it lol.
The one with the potatoes does work, but not like in the video.  Mom has been using it for ages.  First, it works for a less amount of salt, and also, you need to use the entire potato.  Another factor could be the density of the potato, here in Peru we have over 300 species, and we use a different kind for different dishes. For stew we use a type that contains a very dense and "spongy" texture,  which is very helpful if you oversalted your food because it absorbs more.
I have a fun one! Today NileBlue (NileRed's second channel) made a chemically PURE cookie. It's a really fun watch and I would love to know the science behind his conclusion (spoiler alert: it was completely flavorless)
The potato hack for over salted soup works. You just have to use a lot more potato than the video shows. Thats a really old trick.
There needs to be 50 year jail sentence for fake animal rescue contact your elected legislative representative and suggest that to them. If these scambags spend the rest of their pitiful life in jail that will deter future scambags from abusing animals on social media.
For the animal rescue I feel like the message is: Help your local organisations save animals, and don't click on rescue video's unless they are from a real organisation
Hi
I really hope you gave Dave some cake after drinking all of those liquids. I really feel for him, even though the faces are funny
🧑‍🍳
Love your videos, especially when you make Dave test them out.
I’ve oversalted soup before and have used potatoes to help neutralize the saltiness and it definitely works, just differently than in the video.
Honestly, that first experiment wasn't super great... water isn't a stew or soup, which has fats and proteins and other matter in suspension. Would love a follow-up with at least a basic thickened broth!
Well that was interesting on the soup being to salty and putting a potato in it to take salt out ,not working  I saw that in a book back in the 1980”s it was nice you debunked  it
For animal rescue: real rescues have (1) a veterinarian that they take the animals to and (2) follow-up vids featuring the same animal. If you scroll through a channel's videos and there's a lot of dogs being rescued but no "update on [previous dog]" videos and/or they never seem to mention veterinary care, that's suspicious.
I think the best solution for avoiding fake animal rescue videos is to follow reputable rescue organizations and learn from them
Idk about you but i have tried the potato one and it worked so idk what you did wrong
8:13 I would say not to share videos where the poster provides no information on the animals after the video. Fake animal rescues don't ever post updates.
Dave is always the MVP
the egg exploding trend annoys me so much because when i was younger, i reheated some boiled eggs for me and my younger brother and once i opened the microwave, it exploded directly inro my face. i was lucky to walk away with a few tiny burns, but i was worried for a second after it exploded because a chunk of it got into my eye and i was afraid i had made myself blind 😭 its not a "trend" its a serious risk
Glad to see Dave enjoying the _better_ chocolate mousse 😺😂, he doesn't just suffer in these debunking videos after all 😅🥲  Speaking of which, I just saw the Chinese ginger milk pudding recipe in another video, but I didn't know about the things you pointed out here so that you could successfully make it 🤔 (ie. warm milk not hotter than 70°C and old ginger than fresh ginger). That kind of info could easily get lost in the shuffle if you just saw it from tiktok 🤨
Bless his heart, the guinea pig 🥹🥹🥹
I think you need more potato.
Ann handled the potential drama with so much class and integrity 👏 🎉
Frosting is such a weird thing to be defensive about... If you've ever baked anything or made sauces or other dishes that require emulsions and/or whipping, it is obvious that the whipping will most likely change the colour, volume and texture of what you're making. That difference is why you're whipping something in the first place!
Oh No.. Dave had to eat the watery chocolate thing. 😅
As Soup Emporium would say, it's time to get in our debunk beds :D
Oh man YouTube drama. The next time we make colored frosting we will definitely test this. We got you.
💜🥰🤩🤗
Holy frick how could anyone think that turtle covered in rocks was real?! That is so cruel
comment for the algorithm
The potato hack has always worked for my family..
ann I am so sick of seeing that stupid frosting "hack" in my baking groups 😭
I think adriana may have been doing weight, not volume.
Thank you for being above net drama.  Thank you also for the sad but true reminders that there are folks actively doing evil things for money, for laughs and for fame, right here on this platform.  I'll be more alert to what I click, and more instant in prayer.  God bless you for your efforts to shed a bit of light, may it bear much good fruit.  And thank you for showing your incredibly game-to-try-your-latest-oddity husband being his brave self - he's a peach!  :)
The ginger milk reminds me of making a pineapple dessert set with gelatin (like jelly or curd for example). Pineapple has an enzyme (bromelain) that breaks down proteins so using fresh pineapple (or lightly treated) would never set, whereas cooking it long enough to deactivate the enzyme or using canned pineapple (which is heat treated), didn't incur in any problems when setting.  Regarding the buttercream, although the blending premise of dispersing the droplets more evenly is true, the volume/air is the determining factor. For experiments like this there could be many other variables that would need to be equalized, like atmosphere, ingredients, methods, time, etc.   How fun would it be to have a lab dedicated to this stuff? "Let's run this buttercream through a spectrophotometer and measure the intensity" Some billionaire make it happen and hit me up, have plenty of ideas and hypotheses. LOL
Just a reminder that the turtle didn't have a straw in its throat, it had a cable cover.
The ginger milk pudding is and age old desert being served in China called 姜撞奶。Sadly my lactose intolerance ass didn’t find it tasty when I was young
Hey Ann! Loved the video, but I'm sure I'm not the only person who would have appreciated a content warning before you showed the clips that Dan had included of the actual fake animal rescue videos!
I don't understand how companies that make paper straws have forgotten the tech on how to wax a straw.
Dave is a saint. That is all. 😅
You cited Tonya Coffey! Whoohoo! I was there the day she did that, and I was wondering if what you said would agree with her results! 😊
Your content is what youtube should be. The fake lies that steal the truth from hardworking creatives such as yourself is sickening. I hope to see a change in the internet soon!
Oh my goodness. The turtles sent me for real. We get regular spring flooding which relocates turtles, so when the water recedes they can be miles from their original pond. My husband very often grabs roadside turtles that are a long way from water and takes them to ponds. That's literally all the rescue a fresh water turtle needs.  Edit: I like when Dave gets an occasional treat with a successful recipe.
Would you be opposed to putting content or trigger warnings on videos that discuss animal abuse? It’s extremely upsetting and I wish I’d have been able to pass it without seeing any part.
If u r pouring hot syrup into egg white, u r not only whipping it, but u r also setting the protein. Once u break up the network, u have nothing to hold structure over the air. Its like crumpling paper into balls, then running the paper through a shredder and then trying to roll balls out of that again. Adriana is lyin to save her fame. She sent u a pic, instead of a vid? Red flag
now the question is has sugarologie been falsifying results? disappointing if so. science undergrad and baker myself so will be sure to try the experiment myself with her buttercream when i get the chance.
Fake animal rescue videos being uploaded should be considered evidence of animal cruelty and the people posting them or whoever is in the video should be charged.
I add lemon juice and black pepper when I add a bit too much salt.
11:49 as mentioned in the og tik tok, this dessert is called 薑汁撞奶/姜汁撞奶 which literally means "ginger juice collide milk".  i've seen be called ginger milk pudding or ginger milk curd or even just ginger milk in english. it is a dessert in that originated in the Guangdong province and is popular in other regions such as HK. i grew up eating it and it's great during the wintertime.   my only comment is that i hate how people thought it was fake because purely because of the "removed the cover and the liquid set" or failing to make it.   a simple google search will reveal numerous recipes for this dessert. in addition, some of these recipes will also point out the tips Ann mentions (i.e. using old ginger).  i can't shake off the sinophobic vibes i got from people submitting because like i said, a simple google search will reveal that this dessert is real and is hundreds of years old.  instead of expanding their world view, they just assumed it to be faked for views.
When i was younger and running late i used to make scrambled eggs in the microwave. One day i was in a hurry and didn’t scramble them enough. It exploded, i cried. My mother laughed and told me to calm down, i wasn’t hurt and the ceil8ng would be fine. Never cooked eggs in a microwave again
I miss when the food misinformation was just "eat raspberries before your meal to lose weight," and the like. Completely harmless diet fads are better than exploding foods.   Keep up the good work exposing this!
Just commenting to boost the algorithm, people need to see your videos!
SHE IS A LIAR
not only was it back  to the lighter color its paler too!
The potato hack works for soups and stew but you’d have to add an entire chopped potato, idk if it actually absorbs the salt but it makes the soup taste less salty
I've never microwaved a boiled egg, but I have microwaved scrambled eggs for a little mug omelet in school and they never exploded. I wonder if it had to do with heat transference or the fact the casing of the yolk was broken during the scrambling process? I will try the frosting hack, though I'll probably try it with American buttercream because it is easier to whip up, will report back.
OOHhh I hate those turtle torture videos! I have reported so many of them. I don't have high hopes for that.
YT animal videos: I only watch GeoBeats and The Dodo. They seem to be genuine stories, usually narrated by the rescuers or owners, with footage of the actual animal being discussed.
I do have one mild correction for Dan, if I have the right of it and I'm sure I do.  You do not have nerves inside of your fingernails.  You do have nerves all around your nails though.  If you did have nerves in your nails, imagine how torturous clipping them would be!
My great great grandmother used that potato trick 80 years ago. I'm guessing it was just a placebo effect that made people think it worked back then.
MY sCHOOL TAUGHT ME THAT MICROWAVING EGGS WAS A GOOD IDEA
Thanks😊
shit's wild, thank you so much for the work you do
We really need better science classes for adults
Thank you for talking about the fake animal rescue videos I report them when I see them but YouTube doesn't make it easy.
for the potato one, I just thought it's cos potatoes are bland-ish so adding that to a salty gravy just evens it out lol
Sooooo. The number one point I want to make is that the blue icing that one person made didn’t seem to change texture at all. The one Ann made, you can clearly see that the one in the middle that she blended got more silky and shiney. The other ones texture barely changed.
Lemon Coke I want that. I always get Lemon Coke at the fast food place where you can add flavorings to your soda. We don't have it in the states but we should
I've never microwaved a whole egg before but I have microwaved a scrambled egg in a bowl for egg sandwiches many many times. Over cook it and they will blow up too.
Hi Ann, please don't support Lindt chocolate if you can avoid them! They donate year-round to Autism Speaks, which is an organization that supports the abuse and eradication of autistic people. There are no autistic people on their board of directors or in any position to have any influence over how the organization is run or the information that they put out. There are plenty of other, more reputable chocolate companies (though it is admittedly extremely hard to find a chocolate company that doesn't have something ethically wrong with it).
It’s also the outside of the mentos. We tested this in class. If you chew, crush, or cut them, the reaction is not as strong. Update: I actually love the airy feeling of sipping through straws.
God bless you and your family Ann
maybe check the temperatures of the buttercream at each step? i remember reading something that bravetart wrote about how you want to add cool (around ~65 f [sorry, i'm american]) butter to buttercream and work towards a final temp in the low to mid 70s, because butter over 70 f won't hold air as well.  so i'm thinking if you started with buttercream at that working temp (which is where it'll naturally land after adding cool butter to the meringue) and then immersion blended it, and THEN immediately re-whipped you may just not see the same aeration due to the butter temperature being too high to be able to aerate properly.  given that adriana mentions using an ice bath to get the volume back--which would cool the butter in the buttercream a bit, i'm thinking to a temperature where it is able to hold air better). i've also read some other 'hacks' to deepen their buttercream color that are temperature based: one where you melt it all in the microwave, cool it, and rewhip; and another person online said they just chuck the whole bowl in the freezer for a little bit to darken their buttercream. so it is also possible that the difference she's seeing is maybe JUST based on the cooler temp (one might have to include a temperature control to really know, idk).   other than temp it may also be down to a difference in type of butter (i know i've read theres a difference in american vs european butter, not sure about butter in aus), type of food coloring (was yours gel or liquid? not sure if it was mentioned) or something else we aren't considering
Could it be because American butter has a higher water content than most non-American butter?
The Microwave Egg saga continues. 🤦   I'm glad that Ann reached out to the creator for the frosting whipping experiment. We desperately need more creators who can clear up disagreements without adding so much unnecessary drama. 👏 👏
that guy looks like vector
Something is wrong with your video
Adriana needs to grow up
"not very moussy" hahahahah poor man
I love watching these videos. They are educational and fun. I love the respectful and scientific way you approach everything. Also your recipes always make me want to try new things when baking :)
"...I suspect...there's a trick to this..." Wise words
i normally agree with your vid’s but this one was the first time you put out false info. my grama taught me the potato trick for over salted foods and it 100% works. probably not just in plain salt water but if you use it when cooking it will help tremendously! please be careful with what you post
Betty Crocker has started to make cooking videos. GREAT! ... they are in the 5-minute crafts style... yuck. I was expecting something like America's Test Kitchen, not 5-minute crafts
Ann, you and your family are the most adorable people on the planet.  I can confirm the egg thing works, unfortunately. When I was about 7 (many, MANY years ago), for some reason, I wanted to warm up a hard-boiled egg from the fridge. After a short time in the microwave, I bit into the egg, and it exploded in my little face. I went to school the next day with an ugly burn on my upper lip. Fortunately, it didn't scar, but I'll never forget the embarrassment of having to explain the injury!
Ann Reardon: Lifeguard of the Internet
Stealing "Bad Gatorade" for my band name
kudos to Dave for getting all that water down for science lol
This other creator whipping up her followers for a sh1tfight will be sadly disappointed. Our Ann doesn’t lower herself- she just repeats the experiments, reports the results and invites us to try.  Classy - and much better viewing.
When it comes to the torture fake rescue videos the only thing we can do as viewers as of now is when we *can* see someone is doing fake rescues, report them and avoid that channel, and then continue watching content of people saving animals and keep a watchful eye of fake setups.
Salted butter vs unsalted butter for the frosting,, also another variable.
After stumbling across the rebuttal, and now watching this video, Ann's conclusion just seems more logical. Knocking out the air will make it darker and denser, adding in air will make it lighter and fluffier. I doubt the other girl is lying and secretly adding in more coloring or anything like that, she's probably just doing something different that she doesn't realize is changing the outcome.   Although, I gotta say, I watched some of her other videos and her recipes are so overly complicated. I was making a carrot cake and checked out her website. There were so many extra steps. I'm sure the cake will taste amazing, but who has time for that? It's too complicated for beginners, and too time consuming for professionals. If it's not being entered in a contest, why would I pick this 5hr recipe over my favorite 1hr recipe?
With salt what really can happen is if you salt something like a stew too early the sodium can bind to proteins in the food as it cooks.  It will become less salty tasting over time but winds up having just as much dietary sodium.  The problem is that most people then add additional salt to taste so in the end the stewed version has extra sodium in it.  (There was an America's Test Kitchen episode about this several years ago where they tested the idea fairly rigorously.)
I love when your videos pop up. Thank you all for working so hard for us.
The potato one was a little bit unfair. In my experience, that one had worked but not with that tiny piece, you add like 4 or 5 more, whole potatoes and of course, depending of what you're cooking, the vinegar/sugar.  But that tiny square is nothing lol  Tho you're right: if it's too salty, there's nothing that you can do
I can’t not say how much I appreciate your videos. Not only are they educational and entertaining but I also don’t feel judged (feeling stupid) for not knowing or thinking that any hacks work. You are so empathetic an caring. I love your videos ❤
I've heard the potato hack is an old chefs trick. would it have been any different with the fats of a sauce or a large potato chunk?
the choice between paper straws, metal straws and no straws, I'll rather choose no straws... both paper and metal straws add a weird taste to my mouth.
I think it's really cool you're covering a wider variety of topics now.  The fake animal rescue thing has been going on for a long time and I've been surprised how many people who I've brought it up too had no idea that was a thing.  It's good to spread the awareness!
21 minutes of Ann being a QUEEN like always
Hi, I wonder if you can make a video on NileBlue's "purest cookie".
Ginger milk pudding looks very fussy to make, but looks very delicious.
Triangle difference test in action!
A way to get the frosting back to volume without lightening the colour is to introduce bigger bubbles. Those have thicker walls, so there's more coloured material to reflect the light before it hits air.
Even with American buttercream there is this invisible threshold that if you cross it your buttercream has gone too far and isnt the right texture anymore. i dont see how you could whip it for so long and have it come out like anything other than toothpaste. Frosting can be tempermental that way. But ultimately isnt the point of a hack to make life easier? If you want a darker color just add another drop of color people!
I think the huge difference in results is that you adding the colour BEFORE the butter and she didn't. The stick blender is designed the slightly break the emulsion to allow it to incorporate into the mixture more. No point to doing that if you added the food colour before you formed the emulsion in the first place.  Done the stick blender hack myself multiple times with Swiss Merigue Buttercream. Similar results to the microwave method but MUCH easier to do. I've only done it with small quanitities and a hand mixer.  Yes, the frosting is a little thicker but my husband couldn't tell the difference in a blind taste test. I can't taste the difference either, but even if I could, there's only a thin layer of it on the outside most of the time anyways, since the inside and the crumb coat I just do with uncoloured buttercream. Most of the taste comes from there.  Additionally, you sometimes cannot get the colours that you need with just gel colouring. I think this hack is for those instances. I know before I knew this hack I would get very frustrated trying to get rich or dark colours and kept adding more food colouring with no change. Use a stick blender and a quick rewhip and my problem is solved 👍 game changer!
😊
The ginger milk pudding isn't a hack ... it's just a Cantonese dessert!!
My daughters are 10 and 14 and get left at home a few hours a day while I’m at work sometimes. You bet I talked to them about not microwaving eggs and superheated water. I wouldn’t have known about TikTok being a breeding ground for this sort of stuff if not for your videos so thank you!
As usual terrific job. I tried to tenderize a steak with ginger and it failed. Your tip about using old ginger is a great one, thanks!
That poor man out here trying everything 😂 hes a paid actor
Thanks, you/your videos are great!
That was Italian meringue frosting, not swiss, maybe that's why your results were different 🤨
THe potato trick does work, BUT you need way more then one little cube.  Think about it when you cook tatres in salt water they do taste salty afterwards, so clearly the potato does absorb some salt.  HOwever one little cube is not enough
i thought you might like to know ive watched ur vids so much i've acquired a tic of "welcome to how to cook that, im ann reardon" in (an admittedly poor rendition of) your accent lol
So the potato thing does seem to help with me the trick i found is that you have smaller cubes versus bigger ones and make sure to stir occasionally
Not that this is important but didn’t you make Italian meringue buttercream and not Swiss meringue buttercream? My understanding is that Italian meringue is made with a sugar syrup while Swiss meringue is made by whisking the egg whites and sugar over a double boiler.   I’m a pastry chef and I have used this ‘hack’ plenty of times for cake decorating and there is absolutely no way you can retain the darker colour once the buttercream is rewhipped fully. But in saying that I think with an Italian meringue buttercream and how smooth it is, the texture difference once you’ve deflated that buttercream and only re-whipped slightly to maintain the darker colour isn’t as noticeable/undesirable, especially when weighed against the option of having to use copious amounts of dye to achieve the same bold colour result.  Also I’ve never fully tested this but I’ve heard it before and feel like I’ve seen it in my own time cake decorating too, if you pre-make your buttercream and dye it the night before the colour usually gets a bit more intense overnight. If it’s actually true or not I don’t know, and I don’t have the money to be using ingredients just on tests unfortunately, but I feel like I’ve seen it work, could just be another ‘hack’ though 😅
Funnily enough, my grandma always said to cook a bit o potato in beans and other gas causing food because they potato would absorb the gas causing elements. Never worked for me. Sorry Gran.
I think the best solution for the animal rescue videos is make sure the source is verifiable. i.e ASPCA, RSPCA etc - but ignore things like PETA which actually DO have a host of fake rescues or worse the "Well the animal is a PET therefore us kidnapping and putting it down is a rescue" nonsense.   Basically if the poster isn't legitimate and proven like those good foundations, don't watch. And if you find an organization that seems legit but is later proven not to be, unsub and stop watching.
Dave is truly an intrepid soul.   Ann asks him to taste . . . He tastes it.
Hi Anne, It looks like there's a major technique difference here between your method and Adrianna's.  You're adding dye to your meringue BEFORE the butter, whereas Adrianna makes a plain white buttercream, portions it, and adds dye AFTER the butter is already incorporated.  Using water-based dyes means the butter is interfereing with the accessibility of the water-based component of the buttercream (the egg white). Blending it further just allows the dye to access the water in the meringue better, giving a more homogeneous result. I agree that re-whipping is not effective, but the point at which you add the dye is INTEGRAL to how dye is distributed, and therefore affects the reflectance and perceived chroma of the buttercream.
Hi Anne, It looks like there's a major technique difference here between your method and Adrianna's.  You're adding dye to your meringue BEFORE the butter, whereas Adrianna makes a plain white buttercream, portions it, and adds dye AFTER the butter is already incorporated.  Using water-based dyes means the butter is interfereing with the accessibility of the water-based component of the buttercream (the egg white). Blending it further just allows the dye to access the water in the meringue better, giving a more homogeneous result. I agree that re-whipping is not effective, but the point at which you add the dye is INTEGRAL to how dye is distributed, and therefore affects the reflectance and perceived chroma
Animal rescue vids: I'ma veterinarian (cat/dog) that also helps out with a wildlife rehab at times. I would say cat/dog probably harder to tell; but for wildlife I do have some guidelines on if it's legit!  1) is it shared by an organization working with animal rescue? While individuals can definitely do good, and there are many independent licensed wildlife rehabbers, in general it's most trustworthy if it's coming for an organization licensed for animal rescue/rehabilitation. For example I never post anything personally about the wildlife work I do, I just share posts from the organization.  2) what precautions are being used? In general people who are doing good for the sake of the animal are probably wearing gloves - either latex exam gloves or thick leather gloves depending on the species. Animals should be being held and restrained properly; this is difficult to have a general guideline for but looking on google images of people holding birds of prey or thinking about how you've seen your dog/cat be held at the vet. This is also a good one for the cat/dog rescue videos 3) 9/10 if a medical procedure or something similar is being shown on wildlife- the animal should be sedated/anesthetized for wildlife. There are rare exceptions but the turtles being awake while they scraped things off the shell - not okay 4) Is what's being described make sense. E.g. those turtles like he was saying with seeing the glue and them being freshwater turtles. Does it make sense that a baby raccoon should be sitting on someone's couch eating ritz crackers. Again this is harder but taking a few seconds to think about.
The turtle/animal videos were so sad 😢
You've talked alot about not cooking or warming eggs in the microwave, but what if you have a peeled egg that you've split in two or more peices. Won't that prevent any hot air from being trapped inside the egg? Or can it still explode?
Eat this…it’s goood…it’s goood
Actually. The potato thing is real, it's just that it should be a manageable and a generous amount..
I’m amazed that Ann did the potato hack “wrong”, it’s such a fairly known thing in the kitchen, I for sure thought she would just correct the video
Love to see that you're branching out into non-food related claims!
Dave, you are a hero
I'm so glad people are becoming more aware of this problem.   We should make the world easier to survive in so people aren't so desperate for money....
You should've used a conductivity probe to test the first one it would give an objective numerical result without human error
13:30 his hesitance being broken by such a joyful reaction is precious!
I have fixed many foods that were too salty with the potato hack.  It does work!  I wouldn't keep doing it if it didn't.  Letting the potato sit in the too-salty dish longer than 15 minutes may help, and I usually cut up one whole potato and place the raw pieces throughout the dish, so they will absorb the salt better.  I think that one little piece of potato wasn't enough to do the job.
i have subbed to Dantheturtle man for years and he's such a wonderful person.   Him calling out the channels that do this animal abuse shows his pure heart.  THANK YOU for also taking up this mantle and speaking out  <3
More potato, maybe?
I doubt you'll see this because I'm commenting pretty late, but in the freezer aisle, there are things you're supposed to heat up in the microwave that have eggs including egg bowls and egg sandwiches. The eggs are cooked. Would it be safe to put those in the microwave, or should I avoid them?
some "hacks" just defy commonsense, logic and science. of course color intensifies if you have lower volume, because the dye or pigment would be more densely populating the frosting (the amount of coloring per volume of the frosting would be increased). but if you rewhip it, if you get back up to the same volume, you will go back to the original setting.
I love that you fed Dave chocolate soup
You handled this well, Kudos Ann.
These two women have their respective degrees in their fields of expertise. As someone who's not well-versed in Chemistry and baking (not saying I have zero knowledge though) in layman's perspective, Ann's explanations and experiments did make sense. About the other creator, there are a lot of questions that need explaining. Like retaining the saturated color of RE-WHIPPED buttercream does not make sense. REGAINING, the original volume after re-whipping (I believe she re-whipped in just 30 secs) which again does not make sense. She didn't even address the downside of USING DENSE buttercream in her video. I don't even think that re-whipping buttercream just to get saturated color while sacrificing its texture can be considered a hack. Food colors are very potent, if you want to add more to get the saturation to your liking is way easier than taking the extra step of re-whipping it using a blender and then ending with an undesirable texture that most people are not used to. Just saying.
Hi 😊. First of all, sorry for the mistakes, I am French and do not speak English fluently. Regarding the experience of the cake frosting, I have already experienced this kind of reaction (intisification of the color after mixing) with certain food colorant, especially those in powder but not only, I don’t know if you used the exact same formula but I was also able to see that the "age" of the food colorant could have an impact, so today I almost always mix my colorant with a small amount of icing or butter before adding it to the rest ( the method of mixing everything and then reincorporeating the air seems risky and a lot of work compared to adding a few grams of extra dye in my opinion) thanks for your work Ann. You and your family seem so kind, your videos are a source of learning and joy for me, I am happy that videographers or youtubeur like you still exist on this platform.
Wet your ice before pouring your soda over and you’ll greatly reduce bubbles!
I love how respectful you are when speaking about Adriana. Many people would get mad and defensive at being called wrong in such a public space like video platforms. You are one of he most mature and respectful creators on the platform. The tiktoker was acting like you were a liar and like your video was an attack on her character, and even still you tell your audience to give her the benefit of the doubt, and you go out of your way to consider all of the possible variables that may have been overlooked. This is such a good way to respond to the people trying to drag you into drama. !!!
#experiment i tried it even tho i kind of new the results. It became light again.  I tried it with a full bowl and a cup of 100 mil but got the same result.  The air made it lighter and it was very hard to get the volume back.  I work in a kitchen so these results are not i surprise to me.
I'll stick to airfrying my no shell eggs... they taste good and the yolk is creamy
You are always so gracious.  We need more people like you online to counterbalance the drama.
#Experiment: Whipped three batches of Anne's swiss meringue buttercream recipe with red, blue, and yellow food gel coloring, scaled down to 1 egg white each batch, using Wilton branded gel.  After the immersion blender step, I took it to the next level and whipped it until the cream basically self-destructed (don't overwhip your meringue recipes) and never got back the same 'darker' color as the immersion blender 'made' it -- it's simple to see why. When you add air bubbles to the mixture the first time around you are lightening the mixture. When you use an immersion blender you are taking the air out of it and the mixture appears darker. By then your mixture of sugar, eggs, and cream is already past its peak stability -- if you agitate it any further the structure will break. You see the same "darkening color" when you make macarons -- especially during the macaronage stage. When you macaronage the air out of the mixture it'll appear darker because there's less air. Of course, the color can change again after it's baked, but that's a whole other beast.  TL;DR: listen to Anne, the food science specialist -- and not a random tiktok video. Also don't microwave eggs.
Everyone pour one out for Dave's tastebuds.
It annoys me that people learned how eggs explode when microwaved, then did it deliberately.  I really hope that more and more people come together to get videos like that taken down.
How the HECK are those turtle videos not counted as criminal evidence of animal abuse?
I wish there had been a trigger warning before showing the turtle segment.
Engagement engagement engagement algorithm algorithm algorithm
Every time I think my misanthropy can’t deepen further, I see something like this about fake animal rescue videos.
I hope The Dodo channel only has real rescue videos because I subscribe to it.
Just wanted to let you know that in NY, America if you search Fractal Wood Burning the top 7 results are 'accident, death, dangerous, etc'. The 8th result was how to build one but enough people are fighting this dangerous thing that its finally getting traction. Thank you for being a part of that movement. As a woodworker I'm happy this stupid thing is finally being more discouraged.
The spoon/battery/coin thing - it feels like you're muscling in on electroboom's content here haha
Another stupid hack for making a soup _taste_ less salty is to add bread crumbs.  It makes it _taste_ less salty.
Okay hear me out. Algorythms on YT to recognise banned videos. It wouldn't stop new ones getting posted but it could stop the reuploading, i.e. making profit of those videos
5:20 When I was about 10 years old and attending a science summer camp, we did the Coke-Mentos experiment, but with a twist: We had to build a chute that would let us drop the Mentos into the liter-sized bottle of Coke, and we could be standing far enough away that the resulting jet of foam wouldn't get on us. Whoever could be the furthest away from the Coke fountain was the winning team. My team happened to win, and one of the boys (being extremely curious) asked if we could taste the results of our bottle. Our supervising adult said we could, and I tried a little bit of it in a cup... And that's the reason why I don't like Dr. Pepper or root beer very much. All I can think is that they taste like minty Coke lol
Don't watch shorts. Don't have Chiense spy apps. Save animals that way.
I make microwave scrambled eggs sometimes but you scramble two eggs in a microwave safe bowl microwave for 1 min watching it because it will grow and overflow the bowl then stir and microwave 30 seconds stir microwave 30 seconds more and done but the eggs will be flat, not fluffy and a bit rubbery but makes a nice sandwich
I always thought you added sugar to counter salt. 👀  Edit: Yep, there we go. 🤭  Didn't know about the vinegar, though. I have learned today. 😊
I will always love how Dave never even questions the highly suspicious concoctions that Ann just deposits into his hand to taste, he's always like "Wow! This looks god-awful! Bottoms up!"
There is a special level of Hell for people that make fake animal rescue channels.
Thanks.
The things people do for views is disgusting. Thank you for being so wonderful and educating people who may not know these things. We need more people you in this world! Love your videos!
In my opinion,  straws are to be abandoned completely. I hardly use straws, and I also don't see the problem drinking from a bottle or a clean glass rather than using a straw. I think their time to go extinct has come.
She really ended Adriana with ease. Adriana's response to Ann's last video about this was so petty and drama-seeking. All Ann had to do was show the experiment again. I'm sure Adriana will have another childish reply back to this soon. It is very clear Adriana wants to be an attention-seeking internet personality with a high-horse mentality about her skills and talents, showing off to other people. Any experienced cake decorator will tell you that if you re-whip frosting it will be lighter in color. Thats just how air works.
Hi Anne, I love yoir videos but please declare a warning that some of the clips may be disturbing or triggering. Animal abuse in this case.
To me, makes basic sense that the less there is of something, the more the color will show 😂 Removing the air equals less volume, so therefore more color. Adding the air adds more volume, then, boom less color. Seems straightforward.
Regarding fake animal rescues, YouTube should blacklist the videos, not just remove the channel.  YouTube's algorithm can detect and DMCA videos, so it can also detect when the same video gets uploaded.
That ginger one is a Chinese dessert, 姜汁撞奶. It’s difficult though. There are kits for it. And I can’t even get it to work with the kits
I'm not a science bird, but stretching something out with air, like the whip cream, it'll make the color particles stretch out and make it lighter in color. It's no different than adding color to a bowl of water and then adding more water to that bowl... It'll get lighter. Boil the water and as the water vaporizes, it'll get darker in color(unless the color also vaporizes, which I doubt) Not convinced? Try blowing air into a balloon, then deflating it, then adding that air back into the balloon... its literally the same experiment as with the whip cream except way easier and less tasty...
Ann you don't have to be so nice. Adriana is simply wrong. The color saturation is a basic function of concentration. If you aren't adding more coloring reducing the volume of icing will concentrate, and therefore, darken the final product. Increasing the volume by adding air will conversely lighten the icing.
Potatoes do help reduce the salty taste in over salted dishes.
why was there a despicable me cosplay in the exploding egg compilation- 13:56
nnnnnnnooooooooooooo waste of chocolate 0_0
This version of "Dave tries" was actually quite pleasant compared to what he normally has to eat (I think the worst one here was some slightly salty water).  I really appreciate the fact that you include other channels, especially where they're clearly the expert in the field (like the turtle man). Also, I think the best idea regarding the fake animal rescues is to only watch rescue videos from animal charities and news outlets. If a pranking channel suddenly has a viral animal rescue video, it's probably fake. Also, listen to the messaging around the rescue and any follow-ups - has the animal been rehabilitated, have they discussed rehoming or release, is there anything about prevention of similar accidents, etc?
Speaking just from a theoretical perspective, X volume of food dye will be needed to turn Y volume of a specific frosting a certain color -- that's just how dyes work. The volume ratio is what is important, as has been demonstrated very well by Ann. IF, somehow, you could use less of the same dye to achieve the same color with the same volume of the same frosting, that wouldn't simply be a hack, it would be a miracle of science!
This reminds me of a story from my parents early in their relationship. My dad was cooking for my mum, and he thought he was using red wine, but it was actually red wine vinegar he was slopping liberally into the beef stroganoff.  Is there any remedy for adding too much vinegar to a dish?
I'd love to know your thoughts on NileBlue's latest video where he made a cookie using lab grade ingredients - it's supposed to be the purest cookie. He's more of a chemist than a food scientist so I'd love to know your angle on that process :)
I feel like Youtube/Tik Tok/ etc should make a policy that only verified animal-rescuing people/group channels should be allowed to upload the videos.   All other videos should be removed. If a non verified channel keeps uploading them then all their channels (even none animal rescue ones) should be deleted.  That will get the fake ones (and their channels) removed and yes the few real ones being uploaded by individuals will be removed as well, but if they are real surely they wont upload more than one video (how many rescues would a random individual have after all) so their channel will be safe even if the video is removed.  I feel like that's a small price to pay and those few individuals should understand.
Regarding the animal 'rescue' videos I always thought they were dodgy from the thumbnails. I have watched the Royal National Lifeboat Institute rescue TV programmes (Saving Lives At Sea on the BBC) and they do occasionally feature cats and dogs being rescued but these are bona fide. If I see potentially dodgy animal rescue videos pop up on my feed I don't watch or comment, I just click 'do not recommend this channel'.
I've known about the exploding egg thing for a long time... My cousin discovered it the hard way when we were kids - by BITING it straight out of the microwave.
The animals part was so sad, i feel sick that some people are willing to hurt animals for views What a messed up world
Yall...stop Microwaving things like eggs. I do not understand why they are choosing to burn themselves
If you watch hard candy making video, you'll see them adding air into the candy to make it paler.
I always though the Coke & Mentos was some chemical reaction. So interesting to learn the truth.
Missed you! ❤️
POTATO: As a kid (I’m close to 50), the hack was to cube a whole potato and add it to a stew, casserole or soup - and leave it there to be eaten as part of the meal.  Perhaps this was a good hack because most people have a potato on hand at all times, and it balances out the volume of food with the slightly over salted stew or casserole
8:03 saw a video of a woman, who put thousands of ticks on her sons head so she “satisfyingly” scrape them off! 😱 don’t watch that trash, people.
Just want to say thank you for doing these types of videos.   You show so much knowledge and I love that you link to other content creators if it's a little bit out of your scope.
I over salted a tomato pasta sauce the other day- the lid fell off the grinder!- first thing was to scoop out as much of the salt as I could (very quickly) then I added apple juice as it was all I had to hand. Science! The extra water from the juice helped dilute the salt and the sugar and tanginess helped balance the salt. Tasted very nice.
Another point about animal rescue videos is that someone is holding the camera. So if there is something happening that needs as many hands as possible, you have to ask yourself why someone is filming rather than helping. The worst case of this I saw (this was on facebook) was three dolphins were stranded on the beach in shallow water. Two people were turning them around and giving them a push out to sea...and one person was filming.
About the potato hack, my mom has been doing it for years and I've witnessed it work several times. Also she always adds extra salt to dishes that has potato as a main ingredient because "potato absorbs salt, so I need to add extra to balance". Maybe there are other agents contributing to this result or maybe it depends on type of potato I don't know. After seeing Ann's experiment, it really does not make sense, but on the other hand, I've seen it happening so I'm super confused right now.
#experiment For the icing hack, can you test a tip I heard? To get it darker in colour, melt buttercream (I think standard buttercream) in the microwave and Re-whip once chilled. I'd be interested to see the volume difference on this one.
Yay~ Missed these.
Yeah, the reason I don't like watching Animal rescue videos is because there are so many fakes out there. It's so disgusting that people will put animals in danger just to get likes.
I have heard of that potato hack - except for absorbing iron, not sold. A lentil soup recipe I've seen recommended that if your stomach is irritated by eating too much iron, boiling a potato in the soup will absorb excess iron, turn it a darker color, and it can be discarded. I would like to see if this is also false
*TLDR* For the *animal* *rescue* videos there is definitely an issue with differentiating what is real and what is fake. I think a good starting point would be for people watching these videos to be extra vigilant in looking for signs that will make it easier to tell them apart. For example legitimate animal rescue videos will generally have professionals who do this as a job and will get called out by the public, in these videos the rescue teams will normally have uniforms and specific equipment that is used for specific rescues and animals, they should have no issue showing licenses, they will normally have a website not a just a social media account and phone numbers to the region they work. Fake rescues may be difficult to spot but a few things to look out for if you have suspicion somethings not right. - Look at when the account of the person uploading started, more recent account don’t necessarily mean they are fake but it could be a sign they have created new accounts having been banned from others in the past. - look at other videos on the channel to see what they previously uploaded, if they started out as a makeup blog channel or gaming channel and then all of a sudden they show an animal rescue that got better views and then they begin uploading videos of more animal rescues then chances are they are trend jumping for views and even though there is a high number of animals that need rescued it is very unlikely that a random person located in a specific area will just happen to come across an animal in danger on a weekly or even monthly bases, even if they go out with the intention to try and find one themselves it would be very hard to do. - There are some legitimate channels that may have lots of rescues that don’t look like they are charity based or professionally licensed but rather they have developed their own reputation and volunteer to rescue based on a set of skills they have learned over years looking after animals. These people will be able to make videos that are genuine because they have been doing it in their local area probably before YouTube was a thing, these channels are easy to spot as they are able to demonstrate and show a lot of in depth knowledge and skill around caring for animals and for the most part are normally centred around the rescue and care of a specific species rather than a broad range of different animals. So i don’t want to spam promote certain channels but they will generally be content creators who foster cats or dogs, or creators that show how to look after or keep fish or birds or will have a background in niche areas like marine biology or zoology. A lot of these channels will have high numbers of videos showing sick, rescued  or abandoned animals because they are already established in that field and are the first point of contact to other professionals and veterinarians within that area, so they are not necessarily coming across these animals themselves they are specifically called upon. - if you do see a one off rescue uploaded on YouTube it may be legitimate. If the person is taking it upon themselves to do the rescue and record it, they may have very good intentions and just want to show others that they are doing a really good deed but realistically it’s probably best that they call an animal rescue centre or charity first. There will always be times where time may not allow that, in which case if you are gonna attempt a rescue yourself just make sure you are not putting yourself or others in danger, look at the risks involved first, and think about any aftermath consequences for example an adult cat stuck at the side of the road you might be able to pull over and lift it but will you be able to drive away with it in the car, it is scared and doesn’t know what’s happening it might scrab or bite but worse case scenario it might hide under the brake pedal or step on the accelerator so just be careful for things like that. - The only other things to do if you suspect a fake rescue is ask the creator questions, like what happened to the animal after? Did they call professionals? Can they show an update or where the animal is being cared for or recovering? If they show multiple rescues ask them how they know where to find these animals in danger. Most people should have no issues in answering questions about the well being of an animal since that’s suppose to be their whole deal, so if they get quite defensive or just never answer anyone’s questions then I’d see that as a major red flag.
I like when you test life hacks and recipes that are real too, it's nice to see that not all of them are lies and clickbait
Not necessarily a debunkable thing, but I DESPERATELY need your analysis of Nile Blue's 100% Pure cookie
My dad actually uses the potato hack when cooking. Often when making a stew or a soup or something, if he added too much salt, he'll just chuck a full potato in and cook the entire meal with the potato still in it. Often the potato itself will not be part of the meal when eating, but if it fits the recipe, sometimes it is. It seems to work for him, though.
regarding the frosting thing.  I don't understand why anyone would go to all that trouble to make it darker when you can just add another drop of food coloring anyway.  Am I missing something?
It's a chewy dragee not Mentos!
False animal rescue videos/channels can be easy to spot if they have multiple videos rescuing the same animal but otherwise a lot of people arent going to notice all the red flags Animal aid unlimited india (was quickly shown when talking about puppies stuck in melted plastic) is a legit rescue group and sadly do fairly often have to rescue puppies from hot tar due to conditions in india (development+huge stray problem)
Love this educational content!  So fun and nerdy in the best way.
Love Dave's jumper.
The exploding egg thing; if people are doing the experiment just for themselves, one of the safest ways to check the egg after it's cooked is to set a large-ish clear bowl on its rim, very close to the egg, reach around-under the bowl and poke the egg with whatever to make it explode. The bowl contains the egg, but more importantly, doesn't permit any of it to explode back toward the foolish ones who want to experience pain and burn scars.  But if one just lets the egg cool down to room temp, the egg is rendered safe, it won't explode once it's cooled at least a few minutes.  Eating an egg right out of the microwave is utterly foolish to do, no matter if it was someone "experimenting," or just plain hungry.  Another thing to do is just leave it, don't touch it. I can't emphasize enough how easy it is to get hurt by others' so-called "humor," and how important it is to just stop, leave whatever they're promoting alone, and if need be, WALK AWAY FROM IT AND THEM! Better to look like a "coward" than to deal with the repercussions of someone's extremely harmful idea of a joke.
I was already heartbroken when he talked about the hot glue on turtles but when the other guy showed this rubber stuff, I died. How can anyone be so cruel just for views?
20:21  That’s why we love you!! A woman of class, leading her family by example.
I’m absolutely ticked off to see that people harm critters to pretend to “rescue” them. If you couldn’t tell that was hot glue and basic landscaping rock, you are absolutely ignorant. That just shows people scroll and like/heart without actually knowing what they’re watching. They’re just believing everything that they are reading. I would love to sell those people some ocean front property in Arizona.
The other frosting creator ist simply lying. You just can't mix more air in again and keep the colour. More bubbles will disperse the light hence ALWAYS a lighter colour than with less bubbles/air in it. Seriously, her photos prove *nothing*. 😄 She coulhd have just added more food colouring for the whipped again one. If she is williing to do it live to get the same results she is claiming to get, I will believe her. But she can't prove it. Period.
Ann, here is an internet stranger who appreciates what a class act you are! ❤
Ann I love how classy you handled the frosting experiment. I love all your videos especially the debunking and clever or never. We all see the effort you put in your videos and we love and appreciate you, Dave and the kids😘❤
For the animal rescue videos I would suggest only watching those videos if made by a reputable YouTuber that you already follow. There are plenty of animal focused channels. And if you happen to stumble across a suspicious video, don't like, don't dislike and don't comment - feeding the algorithm furthers the problem.
Science should definitely be repeatable. Of course, this doesn’t necessarily mean fraud. But it does suggest that there is some key part of the experiment that is not being written down and explained. What I don’t understand though is why, if you wanted a darker color, you wouldn’t simply use more coloring. The butter is the most expensive part. A few mL more of coloring is nothing in comparison.
I feel like it isn't super fair to use
Science done well : ) Thank you for doing these, I love watching them.
I refuse to watch any videos like that unless it's bondi vet
You'd think Tintin, being a reporter, would be able to do his own research but I guess he's pretty old by now
Love your videos!
:))))
Its so weird that the "potato hack" said to take out the potato. Cause I remember growing up with a similar potato hack.... But you leave the potato in the over salted stew and the starch would help balance the salty flavor because starchy potatoes NEED salt to taste good. Like my grandma would make this salted pork stew and if she ever felt it was too slaty she'd chop up a potato to add to the stew as an ingredient. you'd still eat the potato. I must imagine the person who made that tiktok hack heard a similar tip from their grandparents and then just didn't realize it was to balance flavor not to absorb salt. Cause the amount of salt is still the same. Its just used as a hack to prevent throwing away food.
Okay, I love that you included a hack that actually works.
To be fair, you can source only the GREATEST  ingredients in Australia
I knew the ginger meringue lady wasn’t lying because she had Marcin and Ichika playing in the video and it’s too pure of heart
Normally when I make my grandmother’s chocolate mousse, I use butter and egg whites to help give it fluff. No water at all. Plus it takes several hours to set properly
Dave slurping his mousse, just to show how runny it was, was hilarious!
😂i always suspected the potato salt hack didn't work. Idk why ppl pretend it does
Please debunk and spread awareness about the DIY “crystal hack” that’s being spread that’s telling people to mix bleach and ammonia and blow into it through a straw ☠️ it’s been shared all over our discord servers and I’m really scared about it
I love how you handled the icing color debacle! When i first saw people getting up in arms i got frustrated with them because... thats science! Science is all about retesting stuff and confirming knowledge. It was frustrating to see people act like it was a moral issue on either end just because you guys agreed upon different results from your tests. Asking everyone to try it themselves is a great way to support retesting and using scientific method to determine things for ourselves! Thanks ann 😊
😂 omg he's a legend.
The potato hack does work, Ive done it so many times. The trick is larger potato cut i half(peeling optional) and add both ends then let boil until soft it. Works really great with stews and sauces. However i do generally use king edward(not a brand) potatoes they're less firm (and starchy i think). Preferably used for mashes but i like them for all potato things
Experiment, I tried it in 2 different way with both home made and store bought frostings. Both home made and store bought frostings were 1 pint each, the home made frosting was made twice, one with a stand mixer and the other with a electric hand mixer. When re-aerating the frostings I lost between 15-26% of the volume, note the store bought frostings lost the least amount of volume, and I could never achieve the same coloration no mater how warm or child the frosting was when I attempted to re-aerate, even after placing the frosting in the freezer for 5 min.
ugh those fake animal rescue videos make me so mad, it reminds me of these videos I see of baby rabbits and ducks. I report them whenever i see them because most are feeding the babies things that are horrible for them like ice cream and cotton candy. I have a rabbit myself and I know that can severely damage their stomachs but people like comment and repost them because they're "cute"
You have a good patient husband, there is no way my dad or brothers would be that patient with my cooking.
The straw stuff is so frustrating because the entire thing was started from a 9 year old's school report and ignores the actual science and research on plastic waste.
In terms of the videos on animal rescues, before you watch the video, look up who posted it. If you can’t verify that it was posted by an actual organization that safely rescues animals, don’t watch the videos. Otherwise you’re giving clicks to people who will abuse the algorithm as well as animals.
I do always appreciate when Dave gets to taste something slightly more edible than usual.
Thank you Dave for your sacrifice as a taste taster, your reaction make me laugh.Thankyou Ann for another well informed video. Your wisdom has helped me see the liars from the truth. I didnt know the puppy video was fake. I did think it was odd that there was a random rubber pit in the middle of nowhere and that had a bunch of puppies fall in the middle of it.
YES! More coverage on fake animal rescue
Hi Ann! Nile Blue recently posted a video of making a "Pure Cookie" which was a cookie make of lab pure ingredients. At the end, he didn't like it, and I would like to see your opinion on it lol
Thank you Ann and your family! testing out these hacks for us and our safety!!  really sad about the egg prank/hack. hopefully we can educate people not to harm others eesh :(
i’m so glad Dave got to eat some thing that he actually genuinely enjoys in this video!! he deserves it 😂
At a restaurant I was given a basically raw egg, "sunny side up" I suppose. I asked them to cook it more as I do not like runny (let alone raw) eggs. It came back and exploded when I touched the yolk with a fork.
I'm a retail cake decorator. I can tell you just letting colored buttercream sit a while will usually darken the color. Especially smaller batches. It depends somewhat on the colorant of course. A light purple tends to discolor quickly,  turning blue,  but colors like red, orange and various other shades will deepen of left alone.
Christ on a bike, those fake animal rescue videos. Money is the root of so much evil
I wish you hadn’t responded to the frosting debate. Unfortunately viewers are going to go look for the other video. The other creator has seen this as an opportunity and will be rewarded financially for creating YouTube drama.
I just did this,  I couldn't get the same volume back, and the colour was lighter than it was to start with. 🤔🤔 #experiment
may I suggest adding some sort of content warning for things related to animal abuse? I had to skip that part and it would have been better with a cw first 🥲
Thank you for your studious research! Ann's videos are always educational and fun to watch
I've reported loads of glaringly obvious fake rescue videos (looking back on their content a lot of animals reappear as "new" rescues) and each time YT's response was "nah not a violation we are leaving it up" thats just as sickening as the fake videos themselves!
Oh, my God, poor turtles and other animals, people are so dumb!
I'm in actual real animal rescue and I've heard about these fake channels putting animals in danger to gain views and have people "donate" to their "rescue". It's a real problem and I just suggest to look into a video's creator and organisation. If they don't have a consistent social media presence, I wouldn't trust it.
"what is this, some kind of bad gatorade" actually, YES! Gatorade is basically fruit juice (or artificial fruit juice) plus salt in water. So like. citric acid plus sugar plus salt is basically gatorade. Vinegar is probably less pleasant an acid than citric acid but same idea.  the solution to pollution is dilution works for salt as well, that's where the potato hack comes from. if you are making a stew and the stew is too salty, adding extra unsalted ingredients to the stew will help the taste. If you can cook it long enough to cook potatoes, you may as well add extra of all the non-salt ingredients and freeze the rest of the batch. Other things that work well if you have less time than potato boiling time is to add quick cook couscous or any faster cooking vegetables. anything unsalted will do, and adding extra veggies is likely only going to make it healthier. Or just resign yourself to turning your thick stew into a looser soup and add water.
The salt one, could the result change if he cleanses his palate before trying each glass. I have had salty hot water gargles (it is a remedy) and the salty taste just stays and keeps getting saltier with each sip so I often had to gargle with normal water to remove it
Oh boy, just every gross mouth sound in the book. Just so much smacking and saliva and disgustingness. A suggestion, if you like: edit those sounds out. They’re disgusting _and_ pointless.
A comment for the engagement algorithm!
Shocks to find a  tickok post that is faulst
OMG I found the straw segment so interesting!  I hate drinking pop out of a straw for that exact reason!
MORE DEBUNKING
Even if that frosting trick works it seems like a lot of extra work for a darker colour!  I like speed and efficiency, so I'm just going to add more food colouring.  Keep it simple, right?
Love what you're doing Anne, I'm happy to just watch you cook any cakes 🍰☺️
Careful Ann, you might convince some big names in science to run these frosting experiments. In the US, researchers have went about testing weirder 😂😂😂
I tried to show my foods teacher the video on why microwave eggs was dangerous because for our eggs unit she listed as a way to make eggs.  She gave me detention.
I always forget there’s a depressing content story right around the middle of the video 😭😢
The queen handles everything with exquisite class. 👑
I have made the two-ingredient mousse using a 1 to 1 ratio of chocolate and water, and it worked, but it only works with chocolate that are 60% cocoa or above, so milk chocolate won't do it, at least not with a 1 to 1 ratio.
2:00 You said you used a lot less salt than in the video.  Maybe it works under more extreme conditions, somewhat removing the excessive salt.  You started out already below the concentration that it brings it down to.
if you have ever cooked and eaten a potato you know they don't absorb anything at all, cooked potato is hot and nothing else, no salt, no broth flavor, no nothing
How pathetic do you have to be to take an animal out of their home to glue shit on them for clout?
Still amazing how a YouTube channel run by a seemingly random Aussie mom and wife is so good at debunking TikTok scams lol
The potato hack is not fake, it actually works and I have used that many many times. But maybe you need to add a bigger portion of potato. Just adding a slice will not do anything! I have added potatoes to curries when I have made them too salty  many many times and it worked! Please do not call this hack fake.
I would like to say that the dodo bird is a channel that rescues animals not just for the views
#Experiment  Hello dear Ann , I was so shocked when I saw different results on Adriana's vedio and was wandering if you will make a vedio on that or not . Thank you for clearing that up . I am not a regular baker but I do baking for my family occasions. And I did notice when I whip the cream it fluffs up and get lighter in color . But in any case if I leave the whipped cream for sometime it reduces in volume and gets in darker color . So by my dumb thinking skill I came to conclusion that the whip cream looses its structure meaning the air in it and gets darker 🙂 100% agree with you 😘 I use regular hand mixer, American butter cream.
You are amazing. I love your channel so much. I try to comment as much as I can. Loved your response to Adriana. If I knew anything about baking I'd try it myself. Let's do science everyone!
I don't remember having the fizzing problem with paper straws in the 1960's and 1970's.  But then, I didn't use straws in bottles of pop very often and all we had back then was Coke (now called Coke Classic), no other variations.
Those exploding eggs remind me of the time i did a float test on an egg, it failed, and I forgot about it for like a month on the counter. And when i found it again, the moment i touched it, it exploded and absolutely disintegrated. (and i had to open all the windows and vacate my apartment!)
Actually saw a UK national paper today promoting cooking eggs in the microwave, because, well, this tiktok person says so.
No idea what is going and as I do not have the full picture i will just leave a comment for algorithm purposes. Thank you Ann for your videos as always, I formative and extremely helpful. Thank you
Best birthday present ever
you are doing an amazing service to the world  there's so much content online on topics I know nothing about and it makes it hard to say for certain "oh, that's fake" to everything when there's new stuff every second   THANK YOU SO MUCH ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Thanks so much Ann for all you do ... your debunking videos are my favorite 🥰
Great content.
love your vid. - as usual! it is so genuin and full of integrity :)
Wow! THe Fake animal rescues was not something I realized was a fad. So disturbing.
Glad you addressed the sugarologie video! I really enjoy both of your content and believe you both just want to create good and honest videos for your viewers!   It would be ideal to actually have you collaborate and get to the bottom of this frosting dilemma, but I know that might not actually be possible due to distance 😅 In the meantime though I’m happy to try the frosting and let you know!
I fix my oversalted salads with some fresh lemon juice. Of course if there too much salt then even lemon juice will not work. I do have mobility and coordination issues due to my disabilities so if I am having a tremor and added too much salt for it to be fixable I simply put all cut veggies in fine strainer and rinse them then start anew :)
Why does even the tiktokers rewhipped seem lighter to me
The potato thing works, but only if you add a whole chopped potato and leave it in. The potato doesn’t “absorb” it really, just makes the soup less salty tasting
I love how you asked for data instead of calling someone out on their frosting color changes❤  i am a researcher and you add to my passion towards  knowledge and science communication, thank you!🎉
Watch Nicholas veniaminNina Rodriguez funky Prepper
I love this channel's content, but i feel like today it was a lot of repetition, i mean both the egg hack and the frosting hack has been looked at before, and she has talked in that previous video about the re-whiping too, and the egg hack had its own video... Either ways, it will be very hard to stop me from watching every new upload
Nice video ! It is so important to raise awareness about dangerous trends and videos... Just a small thing though... That was an italian meringue (you pour the syrup over the egg whites), not a swiss one (you heat the egg whites with sugar and when they are at the right temperature you whip your meringue)
Oh, look. Scientific method
I think "clickbaity" should be the word of the year....
I have reheated hard boiled eggs in the microwave, but mashed them first at half power, covered and no more than 15 seconds.
8:00 i think the seal rescue namibia is one of the legit ones.  However i think every rescue channel that involves baby animals is fake.
The first hack can work... The condition is that you're making soup with potatoes in it, you oversalt it a bit above comfortable, and you add some extra potatoes and maybe water. Works without the water, but far better with it hahaha
** experiment **  I was making a cake for a friend just for fun but she doesnt like a lot of frosting so I had way too much so I was able to experiment, which as a bio/Chem and researching student, I love to do!!   It was really fun because it’s one of the rare times I’m following a video.  I measured 3 1/4 cups of frosting and Colored it purple. Think of like a dark lavender. Obviously after emulsifying it got darker, though I was surprised at how dark it got. I actually found my results aligned more with Adrianna, where after rewhipping back to just ever so slightly under 3 cups, my frosting was still slightly darker than what I started with. I did use her Swiss recipe (highly highly recommend btw!!!!)  The only thing I could critique about was that the difference between the start and the end was even though there was a difference, it was slight and insignificant. But overall i mean it worked… not worth all the attention it’s getting though. It’s not like either of them ( Ann & Adriana ) are wrong. It’s just one of those things where if it works for you, cool. If it doesn’t, there’s other solutions!  Regardless, the hack works for me, and I ended up using the frosting to put cute little flowers on the cake and I’m saving the rest for another time.  Only thing that sucked was the clean up omfg 😭 it’s NOT worth the trouble y’all like it will never be that serious!!! The bowls, the attachments, the measuring and spatulas, the moving and weighing… NOT FUN Lol 😫😫😫 but it was cool being a scientist outside of college.
Not sure if this was the right experiment for the potato trick because I do it every time I oversalt something and it just works; the potato is salty afterwards so it makes sense that less salt is in the liquid. It only works with liquid stuff like soup or stew though.
I did not come to this video expecting one of my professor's name to be brought up. I'm honestly surprised she never mentioned that paper to us, but maybe she just didn't see it as important research wise. You'd think it would be mentioned in a course focused on nanotechnology, but I was a student of hers 10 years after it was published so that might be why
Is food colouring so expensive and used in such vast quantities, that you can’t just add a bit more?
What's the meaning behind his shirt?
For the animal videos, obviously make sure that the videos are being uploaded by a trusted source but I think there is just too much nuance to ever really be sure you know what you're watching. You would honestly need a "How To Cook That" type of channel but one that JUST goes over animal behavior and talks through the situation like Dan did.
I was wondering if the blending might also make the colouring dissolve better in the buttercream? Especially if you use a gel food colouring on a buttercream that's primarily fat-based.
Regarding the frosting color, this reminds me a bit of a candymaker explaining the same thing. They make hard candy and, as the candy is still hot, wrap it back and forth around a hook, airating it to achieve whatever *lighter* color they want. Pink candies started out fairly dark red!
Time is money and its cheaper to just start with the color you want in the first place.  Mini baking…can you make us a pizza please.
the chocolate mousse thing makes me so angry. Like IT  LITERALLY WORKS why did they have to lie? like would anyone really not do the hack because "oh no i need to buy 3 chocolate bars to make it instead of 1"????
I love when you force your family to taste test things--it always makes me LOL.
Dave is the GOAT. What a trooper.
My guess on the hack with food coloring is that the quality of food coloring matters. Just as in the making of soap with some colorants you get different colors if you stir by hand or with a blending wand. The reason is the distribution of color and how big or tiny the clusters of colorant are. (I am not a native speaker, hopefully you could understand me...)
Why dont you keep your ginger in the freezer?  Its saved me alot of ginger.
I'm generally tolerant, to the point it can be a personal problem in my life, but those people with their fake rescue videos are the worst shit our species has made and I'd hotglue stones to their faces. However, your videos are great as always! It's nice to have a food scientist explain stuff :)
I've used your trick for saltiness for too much fish sauce too but with a bit more lime juice.
Animal suffering exploitation for views? Outright lies for more clicks? *Side-eyes the dodo* yeah that has been going on...
An actually good 2-ingredient chocolate mousse that's also vegan, if that's your thing, is chocolate and whipped aquafaba (bean water).
Emmymade tried making that ginger milk, and she had such a hard getting it to set.
The fake animal rescues are infuriating.  YT needs to ethically vet those videos better.
This may be an old wives tale… Ive heard this for over 55 yrs.  So hack or wives tail?
I’ve always thought drinking soda through a plastic straw made the drink seem more fizzy. I thought it was just me. Now I know
Im really glad you metioned the egg exploding videos, it makes me frustrated when creators dont put "dont do this at home/adult supervision required" warning, when literal children take up majority of there fanbase.
13:24 A fellow Ginger Fiend! Just when I thought I couldn't like Dave more
The best 2-ingredient chocolate mousse is made with aquafaba and melted chocolate. It ends up like the ones you get from the supermarket - really light and fluffy.
Should Dave have cleansed his pallet before sips of salt water?
Bless his soul oh my goodness 🥲💓 murdering his tastebuds for the science
2:52 "Wife is making me drink weird stuff. Better drink my own piss."
Your husband is such a good sport for these videos 😂
Unpopular opinion here... But couldn't it be both creators are right?  Of course Ann is correct in that adding air will make the colors lighter.  But in the case of the other girl, it seems to me like her food coloring just doesn't mix well into her buttercream by just whipping (I'm not talking on the microbubble level, more like actual small chunks of concentrated color). In that case it makes sense that heating it up and using an immersion blender will intensify the color and keep it that way after rewhipping.
I love these videos honestly! And could've sworn you re-whipped the frosting in the last video to show the science 🤣
I love how the channel has grown more into a science channel, especially with the debunking of hacks, giving all the needed backround information and everything. Great work Ann!
Great video as always. Appreciate all the effort you put in.
Not a small slice that won't do anything you'll need much more potato
Thank you for the serotonin :)
its not cooking a potato. Its leaving raw potatos over night. Saved many soups and salted stocks
I just yelled out, “YESSS ANN REARDON”
i hate it with the animal stuff. its tons at facebook and always these 80 percent people of stupidity believing what they see and say: ahhw what heroes and thanks! and such trash. sometimes you can clearly see that they are fake. the only solution is really youtube checks it but they wont
About 9:27, please don't play with high voltages, everyone.
I don't get it. Why go through all the extra work of blending and rewhipping frosting when all you have to do is add more coloring?
Oh Dave, what a legend 😂🤩
🦆
I'm so glad you addressed the "frosting controversy", and did it in such a scientific and respectful way!
WHY IS ONE OF THE GUYS WITH THE EXPLODING EGG VIDEOS DRESSED LIKE VECTOR??? OR AM I JUST GOING CRAZY???
I would expect more air means a lighter colour as the air bubbles reflect the light.  In the same way pulling candy gets a lighter shade by getting air into it
Ah, the old 'try it yourself' defense. A cunning tactic. Of course, what they don't know is that you've used your connections with Big Baking to coat all food processor and hand mixer... splines? Prongs? Whippy bits... with titanium, which slowly leeches into frosting mix creating titanium oxide, a powerful white coloring agent.  When will the madness end, Anne?
I think the frosting hack can really work if youre doing decorations or piping details, and you don't really need a whole lot of buttercream or don't need it to be light and fluffy. I'd say all in all, a slightly denser bit of buttercream beats the bitter taste of too much food coloring. However, I don't think I'd frost a whole cake with it. A great way to get darker colors is to start off with a darker base. I've used brown sugar for SMBC and it turns out really delicious, plus you get a nice brown base that's easier to color if you want darker shades.
Poor Dave! LOL I think we all enjoy you torturing him.
Poor dave i hope his blood pressure didnt shoot up with that highly salty water
Yeesh... the egg video trend is pretty much the Darwin effect, as far as people doing it to themselves on purpose. They cross the line when they put unwitting people in danger, aka the pranks or kids who don't know any better trying to copy what they see in the videos.
Awesome episode as always! I'm grateful for what I learn. I'm surprised that Ann didn't list pastry chef on her intro card (under Food Scientist and Dietitian), like she used to do...'cause, you know, she's amazing at that too!
OMG, just add more food coloring. Why do people make simple things so difficult? Life is difficult enough without kids being ridiculous.
I like the way you handled the last one. very classy
I love you…that is all!
Every time I see the egg videos I'm floored because I know it's real but I used to microwave eggs all the time and they never exploded on me. Which is really good because I definitely would have kept doing it if I hadn't stumbled across this channel and would have inevitably blown an egg up directly in my face because I wasn't expecting it. 🤦🏾‍♀️ It's nuts to see every time.
The funny thing is that I was taught about the potato to reduce saltiness in home economics class in the late 70s.
Fake rescue should be treat like animal cruelty. Especially that one with glued turtle.(edit when i see people doing again same thing with egg. I think that our species are meant to go extinct 🙄)
I wish more people would watch Ann. She is just so informative and explains everything. Can't believe how much bs people post online just for views.
Thanks for taking one for the team Dave, GREAT job. You may not be the hero we planned for, but the world DEFINITELY appreciates your courage and valor for all the tasting. ESPECIALLY salt water tasting...<shudder> oh the HUMANITY!!! From Virginia, USA.
The frosting one, what she’s suggesting is magic. It’s a magic way to extend your food colorant if what she says is true.
That frosting colour thing is annoying me. Of course it's lighter the more air is in it!!! It's like how you make hard sweets white, you put air into it.  I'll be honest and frank here. It screams of dumb people so desperate to feel clever that they lie to themselves. And so dumb a thing too. Just put more food colouring in if you want a deeper colour. WHYY WHY!?! lol
i can´t believe, what a stupid place the internet has become. This was supposed and used to be the place of knowledge and now its so full of deliberate missinformation, that sometimes the real fact can be hard to find. Thank you once again for your brillant educational content! I cant believe to find this on a cooking channel, but this is a quality of content, only a minority of people strives for. And I like your very sincere and very factual style of debunking, with no drama and accusations. But also keeping it light and entertaining, even though I can`t believe, what Dave has to endure sometimes. Is this your secret recipe for a happy marriage? If so, keep on doing that! Whishing you all the best from Germany with some apple strudel!
Really? Ive used potato trick for years.
I absoltley hate most of the modern internet pranks...where people trick others into doing something really dangerous or bother innocent people who are just going about their day. And then these pranksters gets surprised when they mess with the wrong person and get beat up or shot. Not that I condone shooting people.
actually, potato hack does work, but you gotta throw in a good thick chunk of potato. in a curry with spices, you wont really be able to tell that a potato was boiled off in it. Buut in plain water, well it ll taste like wet chips lmao. You can also use a decent sized ball of dough instead of potato, that works too
I am in awe of your poor trusting husband - who willingly tries whatever you put in front of him.   Mine is definately not cut from the same cloth. 🙂
Concerning the first "hack", aren't lentils and the like supposed to be cooked in unsalted water because they also absorb salt? Might be worth a try to ad lentils, later remove and top up the lost liquid. Might add a flavour tough.
My mother does the potato hack, when she oversalts the curry. It really works. Maybe Ann could redo the experiment with curry rather than water. I guess the potato absorbs the flavor of the curry and reduces the concentration.
I'm legitimately disappointing in some creators that I can recognize doing the egg videos. More-so in how people are treating animals, but all the same it's led to me unsubscribing from a few different channels with the reason to YouTube being that they are promoting dangerous activities. Reprehensible. 😤
When I've put too much salt in something in the past, I've just doubled up the recipe. I mostly batch cook anyway so it's just a little more in the freezer.
I did that frosting and I had the same results as you. I must admit, I follow both of you and I love both of your videos so I went into trying that with no biased reviews and adrianna convinced me that maybe something was done differently when you tested it after I watched her talking about you and you debunking her video but I had the same result as you, I don’t know about anyone else but that’s the result I got.
DAVE why didn't you spit the water? Lol
I was told the potato to lessen the salt trick at least 30 years ago and tried it and it didn't work then and it doesn't work now. At least it was an old trick and not just some fool kids making videos for fun.
Ann, I’m pretty sure you made Italian meringue, didn’t you?
hey ann im so sorry for all the hate you've been getting for the past few weeks, having a youtube platform is stressful enough and small misunderstandings can often lead to people being rude and upset due to a lack of understanding, like you mentioned during the animal rescue part of the video we can never truly know someones intentions as a lot of malpractice takes place behind the scenes all over youtube but we have made a decision to trust you and we are confident you wont break it, initially i was pretty mad too but now that i see your point i can understand to some extent what youre going through, please know that we as a community will try to be better and more understanding towards people rather than putting them down. you have our support, good luck with all your future videos!!
Wow, I had no idea that Coke/Mentos was about bubble nucleation. I'd always assumed there was a chemical reason.
well i dont watch it often but The Dodo seem legit geobeats animals? Animal's Cottage - Rescue Center?
My solution to the darker frosting problem would be to layer frosting. Do a base layer of the first one for the perfect texture, then a thin layer of the darker one on top of it for the coloring, depending on the icing ratio majority of the icing texture would be the better one, while externally the color you would see is the darker one.  And for detailing you could use the original very airy one in a piping bag.  The end result would be you could  make a big batch of icing, and split it in 3 to save time. one for base layer(original) one for external area(darker) one for icing layers between cake layers and piping decorations(original)
This is why don’t go for animal videos. I watch my own animals do cute antics.
My ginger always ends up a shriveled husk when I inevitably forget it in the fridge. I need to try that milk pudding recipe so I can turn my feeling of disappointment into an opportunity for a delightful desert!
Dave calling out "Gatorade gone bad" for glass D makes a lot of sense. Gatorade is just a very highly engineered form of salted sugar water after all.
Dave is such a good sport to try everything!!
I work on a yard with horses. Parents and children are there literally everyday.  One day I heard a girl tell her mum that she wanted a hamster. Specically a rescue,, like if they found an abandoned hamster and rescued it. Her mum was skeptic about that situation every happening but her daughter assured her that she'd seen lots of videos of hamster rescues online.  Because of these videos she thought it was common. It's not, and the videos she's seen are probably fake. But she is a child and doesn't know better. Videos like that are disgusting because of the animal cruelty but also, framing it to be saving the animal in such a way that people who don't know better can't tell it's wrong.
I’m so glad you addressed the #experiment with the frosting. She seemed really annoyed you spoken against her tiktok and sort of claimed because you have a large following you shouldn’t debunk her, but you have a large following because you are a trustworthy source - you’ve built that trust using clear evidence in your videos.  I’m not a huge fan of frosting so I can’t help with my own attempt, but I’m definitely interested to see other peoples results too.
Paper straws are by far the worst alternative for plastic. I'd rather carry around a metal or glass straw than use paper ones. But maybe that's my sensory issues with soggy stuff talking
I kinda surprised by the first one but I guess you need a lot more potato for the salty water to leech in the potatoes
Zoos can get AZA accreditation if they meet certain standards, so maybe there should be some kind of accreditation offered to legitamate animal rescues and their respective social media.
I found a recipe long ago about chocolate mousse, you use only chocolate and eggs, and took me few tries to figure out exact thickness and what chocolate to use but it does work, ofc it will never be as good as a real mousse but works the trick.
the potato to reduce salt in food is such common sense here in brazil that i didn't even thought of it as a hack, but not only that little piece, we use big potatoes in saucy dishes like soups or cooked meats
Great video Anne!😸
= )
The egg ones remind me of all those potentially dangerous videos people put up purely for views. I work in a kitchen and a co-worker decided it would be hilarious to put ice cubes into the hot fryer... twice. All because she saw it on TikTok 🤦🏼‍♀️ So dangerous
Turtle owner here- Identifying fake animal rescue videos is about the same as noticing any other sort of fake content. It's easy to spot if you know the basic signs. I've never heard of or seen a real turtle rescue video, aside from people helping out a nest of turtle eggs from danger (e.g. when Snake Discovery incubated eggs from a destroyed turtle nest) or a channel giving advice on how to help turtles cross roads. If a wild turtle does have anything on their shell, normally it's just some algae, you're not supposed to do anything with a wild turtle unless you need to take them to a vet.  Easiest sign of a fake rescue video is when the animal is covered in something that the video makers could have obviously or easily put on the animal on purpose. The examples in the video like gluing rocks to a turtle shell or putting tar on dogs are good examples. Coverage that deliberately and evenly placed wouldn't happen naturally to a turtle or dog. Good or real turtle videos are put out by reputable sources like well-known reptile channels or wildlife rescue organizations, not channels like in the video examples.
The potato hack definitely works in curries and such. It is a hack my grandmother taught me and it saved my life so many times. 👍 I would have used more potato and let it simmer for longer, it probably works for curry and stew but not water.
I was always disdainful of fake car and computer restoration videos, but fake animal rescue videos are just disgusting.
EXPERIMENT:  I did the colour hack weeks ago with results very similar to Ann's. I used an American buttercream, which does not fluff up as much as an Italian buttercream. That does make a difference.   I also divided my frosting into smaller batches when I went to colour it so the volume of gel colour to frosting ratio is a little higher per batch than if it out be if I had coloured one singular large batch.  Yes, using the emulsion blender does intensify the colour. That is undeniable. But I did also lose a fair amount in volume. When I tried to whip it up again, I regained some volume but lost some colour intensity as well. It was still fluffier than just basic butter but not as fluffy as it could have been. Since American buttercream isn't as fluffy as Italian or other meringue-based frostings, the colour tends to be a bit darker to begin with so you don't need to use the emulsion blender for as long thereby retaining more of your volume.  I used this with Russian piping tips for some simple flowery cupcakes and It worked well but I would not use this for frosting a larger cake or for doing huge, intricate designs. The density of the buttercream makes it unappetizing in larger amounts.
sow hat your saying is you don't callout people on youtube anymore cause you did it with matt patt without issue, tho i'm not complaining he deserved it but it's not something you've never done lol
🍰
Another great and thorough video 🎉
Actually, the potato hack works with Bangladeshi cooking.  When we cook something savory, if it becomes too salty we use the potato hack. It works. Not sure how it works in my kitchen but not at yours. Maybe you can use it on actual food. Salt water isnt really a good thing to taste lol
Your debunking videos are so fun, I love them
You have the most supportive husband lol Poor guy. XD He's a doll.
This series is such a delight.  Dave's appearances are always the icing on the cake.
I think there should be a metric added to YouTube where viewers can report a video as fake and after enough reports show up, that appears on the search bar / recommends bar like the "NEW" tag. And if you get a FAKE tag, your entire channel is demonetized, and if you have more than two FAKE videos, your channel gets taken down. As for the new account problem, that's easy enough to fix if YouTube would just limit the number of channels a single email address can be used to make (including closed channels).
Everything yes! Except the "Swiss Meringue" Buttercream. That's not it. This is Italian Meringue Buttercream. Swiss Meringue has the same ingredients but uses a different method. You don't cook a sugar syrup, you dissolve the sugar in the egg whites over a double boiler until all the sugar crystals are dissolved and then you whisk it up.  Italian Meringue uses the cooked syrup 😊
I think I sent you an exploding Mexican salsa that was weird! I wish I new what was it!
There is a specific channel I cam across recently and there were so many  "wild" rescue vids, I kind of wonder if they were staged.  They have a large following so I really hope not. Seems strange that there is a never ending stream of animals in need of their help.
I myself hate cooking but the awareness that you bring to good statistical methodology is incredible
Yes, debunking video!
A møøse once bit my sister!
Nice seeing Willy, he's a good chap
I plan to run the experiment, I will be writing up a document detailing my steps and how I proceeded with it, I'll post it in a couple days when I have completed the experiment!
Im a huge animal person so i love rescue videos but i do know that some are faked and it saddens me alot to not be sure if its real or fake
Hi Ann!! Love your videos! And congrats on the book 🎉🎉 even though you released it a long time ago 😂 still its an amazing achivement. That been said, i just don't seem to understand the "frosting hack"... id its the same amount of pigment, the knly variable its the volume, higher volume more surface for the pigment to cover so results in a lighter frosting, anyways still going to do the experiment to test it but i doubt it would get another result... take care!❤❤
i do think the potato hack works actually, maybe you just need a larger quantity of potato than a mere small cube? since one cube can only carry a certain amt of salt in the water i assume
Another great debunking
My friend and I exploded an egg in the microwave when we were kids a long time ago. Thankfully we only ended up having to clean a very eggy microwave and explain to my friends mom what that worryingly loud noise in the kitchen was. Def not a smart thing to do or prank to pull.
8:24 that whole section made me laugh
Shout out to WillyMacShow
I don't understand the food colouring hack... it's food colouring! Just add more food colouring! Why do all this extra work to "maybe" get it reconstituted back to full airiness and still dark.  With that said though... I think Ann has this correct... I'm no food scientist or nothing, it just that, it doesn't make sense to get darker then stay darker when rewhipped. Is there supposed to be some chemical change going on to the colouring that when making it more dense causes... and then said chemical change remains when you air it back up???  I'm of the belief that no, no chemical change is happening. The airiness is going to effect how light reflects off of it and will cause a lighter/darker tone. So if you refluff it up, the airiness returns, and the colour will change due to the new level of airiness. BUT... lets just pretend that condensing it with the emulsion blender does alter the colouring in some way... ok... has the taste changed? Is the consistency different? What is different now and how has that impacted my frosting?
#experiment - Chemist weighing in on the frosting. It is all about concentration, which is the amount of color divided by the volume of frosting. The reason it gets darker when the air is knocked out is because the volume of the frosting went down, making the color MORE concentrated. This means there is less space between each color molecule, making it appear darker. You can do this with water. Put the same amount of color into different volumes of water and you will see that the glass with the less water will appear darker. Rewhip the frosting, increase its volume, and it WILL get LIGHTER because you are increasing the volume and the space between color molecules. Ann's rewhipped was slightly darker, but it was also more concetrated than her initial meringue. Ann explained this concept with the salt experiment. If you put the same amount into the same volume, but heat one, vaporizing the water, the solution becomes MORE concentrated because the volume is less. Here is some math: 2/700 vs 2/400 vs 2/600. Put each fraction into your calculator and you will see 2/400 has the largest decimal and therefore is more concentrated.
your debunking videos are always so entertaining and I always learn something new! 💖
Love your reaction to the frosting issue! Absolutely dont get why some people were upset in the first place
That first one reminded me of a joke The dauther calls up her mother. "Help me! I put too much salt into the soup!" "Don't worry dear, just put some potatoes into it." "But mom, I'm making potato soup!"
Omg those poor turtles😢My husband and I have stopped in the middle of the road to save turtles 🐢 from getting hurt
1: people should definitely try harmless experiments themselves, it'll give them some immunity to and ability to recognize scams and dangerous "experiments". 2: She's a liar and just added more food coloring. In your videos, you can get like a 20 percent increase in color saturation. She's getting like a 500 percent increase in color saturation. There's no "youtube beef", she's just a liar. That's it. You can't go from a light pink to a very deep red.  Here's what happened: she had an idea for a video, the difference didn't turn out how she wanted, so oops! a little food coloring fell in the frosting.
Odd that someone wouldn’t simply add more food coloring. Whipping it over and over again just seems stupid to me. What a waste of time, and for what? To use less drops of food coloring?😂😂
Where did your husband get that jumper in the first segment?
I love what this channel has evolved into. Not just cooking, but also torturing Dave.
A video from Ann ❤! What a lovely start into my vacation.   Regarding the frosting "hack": Can you over-mix it or whip it too much so that it seperates or something like that?
Whenever my food gets salty I would add a little butter or lemon juice if it's suited to make it mellow... In soup though, I add some cornstarch/wheatflour,  water and lemon juice or tofu to make it less salty
my first thought about this is wondering if humidity has an impact.  In my lab that is the go to explanation for things being weird.
#experiment Idk with water but the potato hack actually alwys works for me when cooking soup or sauces Also! About the frosting: i saw a video once where they said that melting the frosting, chill it and whip it up again also gives it a darker color and stays that way
Moooom, people are putting eggs in the microwave on the intrnet again
The potato thing actually works though. You just need a lot more potato and cook it longer. If still salty, add more potato! I've saved my cooking a few times using this method. Of course, you can just scoop out some of the sauce of what you're making and add in more water etc too, but what I'm cooking needs potato anyway so I always add them when I cook it ^^
Always looking forward to HTCT Fridays!
I did NOT know fake animal rescues were a thing! =(
I don't know about decreasing salt concentration. If you oversalt a food.  But have personally found that adding potato to a dish and simmering seems to take some salt from the dish. Such that I have to add a bit back( about a pinch for 2 potatoes).   Wanted to know if this is possible or just the addition of potato and its water dilutes the salt.
When the world seems too weird online that i start to wonder if the world has gone crazy  ann reminds me its theres still a slight hope cause we got people like ann 😂
I've had suspicions that pet rescue video's were being faked for a while now but hadn't heard of anything quite as bad as the puppies in rubber situation.  They've started to pop up on the Dodo which I think is part of a content farm conglomerate although nothing close to as bad puppies in rubber.  Just video's of people finding "stray's" and saving them.  Many of them are user submitted and real, some of them are user submitted and not real while others are starting to feel like faked commissions by the channel.
YAYYYY I’ve been binge watching all your debunking videos for a week So happy to find a new one!!!
The desire so many people have to go viral is concerning. 😢
I have an idea: It seems like she is using dry pigment and you are using liquid pigment. The dry pigment can form bubbles in suspensions. The blender breaks the bubbles and the pigment gets released from the bubbles. So it stays a darker color even after whipping again, because the pigments are not in bubbles but distributed more evenly.
I learned about the egg in the microwave the hard way years ago. Two days in a roll I took a boiled egg (no shell) as part of my lunch at work. The first day I put it whole egg in the microwave, and it exploded all over the inside of the microwave. So, the next day I thought I would be smart and cut the egg in half first. Everything looked OK until after I took it out and I went to stick my fork into it. It exploded in my face. Although I managed to not get injured physically, my ego took a hit since I was literally sitting there in the breakroom with egg on my face. lol
your patience is insane, especially if you already know from the beginning that it's not going to work!
13:30 hahahaha his i like it with that smile cracked me up
The difference in the colours is clearly just lies, and not reality. :P You're doing such a great job debunking these (or verifying) tictocs and youtube videos. :)
Always appreciate a little dose of Ann & Dave to help ease into the weekend! Your level thinking and approaches are very good and helpful to see these videos for what they really are most of the time. Thank you for calling out these channels and videos for their danger and just carelessness, I'm sure your videos help if not save some people from a serious or grave injury due to a stupid hack to save time.
Poor animals... and poor Dave... Shout out to the Daves that get abused for views ;) (I'm kidding)
Why is no one talking about how many more dishes you have to do if you do that frosting "hack" JUST use more food dye!!!! gosh
That was amazing Ann. I am always looking forward to your Videos.
@8:12 Sᴏᴍᴇ ᴋɪɴᴅ ᴏғ Rᴏᴛᴛᴇɴ Tᴏᴍᴀᴛᴏᴇs ʀᴀᴛɪɴɢs ғᴏʀ sᴏᴄɪᴀʟ ᴍᴇᴅɪᴀ ᴄᴏɴᴛᴇɴᴛ ?
it just doesn't make any logical sense. the thing that lightens the color is the air, so whipping air back into it is going to lighten it back up.  like even under perfect circumstances, if you remove the air, then re-whip it, you'll have ultimately done a net of absolutely nothing to the frosting, so why would the color change?  What type of colorant do they use in the original video? I suppose it might be that their dye is changing color with time, temperature, exposure to air, or some other factor.
Key differences in fake animal rescue videos will be from content creators that have names like (just an example)  HappyWagTails   or LaughKittyDog (I have no idea if those content creators exist but that's how they are normally named)  with no uniforms.  Real animal rescue videos will be from rescue organizations that have names we have all heard of and they will be uniformed employees in the video.
Love Dave's reactions and glad he likes the ginger pudding!
Fake animal rescue videos can be reported as violent and repulsive content
When I saw the first video and read the comments, honestly I didn't get the drama. She never said it didn't work, she just said you'd get a denser frosting. Idk how's that a bad thing to say when it was the result she got...
Why would they even fake the mousse video? They had everything right and even swapped it for a real recipe. If anything more chocolate = more sensational? Maybe? Maybe they're just addicted to lying
The whole re-whipping thing to get back to the original darker colour after the blending just doesn't seem worth the effort, even if it did work. It's certainly not easier than just adding more food dye.
she is so mother
I always enjoy your videos thanks for mentioning the recent issue about the past debunk video you're a very respectable food scientist ❤️
I had no idea that those dogs stuck in glue or whatever even existed. Seeing those quick glimpse of them is so infuriating. I hate humankind. I’m shocked.
I appreciate you Ann how you carry yourself with such grace. No need for drama, just science. After all it is just frosting not the end of the world.
As a baker, just add more coloring. If a hack adds so much more time to the process what’s the point when coloring is one of the cheaper ingredients when baking?
Fake animal rescue videos piss me off beyond almost anything else online.  I don't understand the cruelty of humans.  :(
#Experiment ~ I did the frosting "hack" and while I did get the air back into the frosting... The colour lightend once more as it did at the start.
Good job for Dave being the  guinea pig in the experiments lol. What a good sport! I love the exposing the truth behind faked videos because people doing stuff to trick people is not good because then how do we know they are real.
And also a big shout out to Dave for willingly tasting all that salty water!😂 Glad he also got the mousse and pudding to cleanse his palate. (With the full knowledge that these may have been shot in a different order than the final edit.)  You are a trooper, Dave!! Thanks for taking one for the team!!💜💪🏼👏
Funny, i have use the potato method multiple occasion and it works, but I use more than 1 slice of potato
I love Ann's take on the "coloring" drama. Instead of instigating drama for different opinions and results, people should go and test the procedure by themselves. Don't let this amazing wholesome chanel entertain cheap drama for views, ego and boredom.
In regards to the animal rescues... With turtles it's not just people putting them in harms way, but also people not caring for them properly. People ripping barnacles off the shell of actually found turtles can be done improperly since as mentioned, there's nerves going to the shell and simply ripping the barnacles off (Sometimes with pieces of shell) is actually harmful to the turtle (Or at best, excruciatingly painful)  Meaning that while these people are naturally finding turtles in trouble, their clout chasing is causing them to harm them because of their lack of knowledge on proper care... (It's almost like there's a reason why marine biologists and vetenarians get university degrees in their subject...)
Won't all that whipping break the frosting, though?  Or at least change the consistency to the point that it doesn't behave the way it did originally?
Putting Dave front and center because he's the real star.  #SuperDave
Babe, get the kettle on. Ann’s here!
Adding a small piece of potato to salty food won't do anything, of course, but adding a good amount of potatoes to a soup or srew will take out some of the saltiness.
About the rescue videos, just assume  most are fake sadly. I've done rescues, you won't find vids of it, why? There was an animal in distress, there was no time to fetch and set up a camera, get a decent angle and my hands were occupied with, you know, the rescuing. Aside from just luck in some cases or a planned action with someone with a cam tag along (e.g. scouting beaches for animals entangled with plastic debris), there won't be good cam footage. And think about it even if the rescue is genuine, they thought it was okay to set up everything to shoot video instead of helping immediately? You can just tell what the priority was, video or rescue.
Commenting for the algorithm  ...!
8:32 You can literally SEE the lil hole in the coin for the line to go through lmfao
The potato thing definitely works, you just can't use one tiny slice of potato. My parents have saved a few dishes by adding potato as it cooked, then removing them. The potatoes would be incredibly salty but the dish was fine. No idea why it works, but it does. Need at least an entire potato but I imagine more is better.
It makes me sick knowing there are so many people out there that will purposely hurt animals just to go viral and maybe get some cash. Absolutely disgusting.
If you want REAL animal rescues, may I suggest YouTube channels like Wildlife Aid, Megabati, or Baby Bats and Buddies? If you have suggestions for other GENUINE rescues, please let me know!
0:20 that's a trick that my mother used alot. The potato trick might not work with water, but it definately works if you have a dish you oversalted. If you for example have some meat with sauce and smth like a goulash, if you put some potatoes in it, the potatoes will soak up the salt or atleast make the dish more neutral. I still believe it should work.  13:40 Tik tok really does breed idiots. Also, for the last time. crack the egg into a bowl, mix it with a spoon, add spices and put it into the microwave for one minute.  19:20 I dont get why you'd even wanna do that, is food colouring that expensive?
My favorite people on YouTube 🖤
Could the butterfat content have any effect here? It's interesting to see the conversation between the two of you, because I watch both and trust both of your recipes
The first one really does work. I've seen too many Indian mothers do this in their kitchen. I've tried it too and it works 🤷🏻‍♀️
The potato chunk to reduce the saltyness is actually a VERY old method and works only if the the dish got slightly over salted. Slightly, not massively.
I think it’s perfectly fine to tell people to stop watching animal rescue videos. The point is to rescue the animal, not to film it for clout. There’s plenty of legitimate animal rescue channels you can shout out if you’d like to. There’s one with a man who regularly drives up to seal flocks and tackles them down to cut fishing lines and other plastics digging into their skin but unfortunately I don’t follow them enough to remember their name.
I'd shily raise a hand regarding the potato hack (but not like in the original video). I once thoughtlessly oversalted quinoa while boiling it. After tasting it and realising my mistake, I asked Mother for help. She simply told me to add a boiled potato to fix the flavour, and so I did. And it worked, as the potato pieces were very bland (it was a quinoa salad, so adding small potato pieces made sense). Of course it worked only in that specific instance, as the potato could be incorporated properly.  It was a good lesson on not cooking food while thinking about other things. 😅
Quick little tip on how to actually fix an overly salted meal/drink/sauce/etc: Get rid of about half of it (dispose of it in whatever way is appropriate for what you're making) then refill it with the same ingredients you were using to begin with. For example, In the water experiment Ann showed, just pour half (ish) the water down the sink, and fill in another 250 ml of water. Or if it's easier, get rid of the whole thing and start a new one from scratch.
I cheer for Dave every time he gets to eat something nice
I understand the concern, but if people are looking for a dangerous stunt to do on TikTok, choosing one that's not life-threatening, doesn't endanger strangers, and raises awareness of a risk is probably the best choice they could make. Goggles would still be a good choice.  They should get some oversized comedy ones that look mad-science-y. Make it part of the act.
Solution: press do not recommend channel for the fake animal rescues
Ann as always you are a model of maturity and grace in all things.  Dave is such a good sport!!
"For the Science" Good on you Dave. Love it😆
Could you debunk the blue raspberry flavor?
what's the big deal?! just add more food coloring
#Experiment: This is like how a balloon's color lightens when you blow it up, then darkens again when you let the air back out. The color in the frosting is effected by the air in it because the air bubbles stretch the frosting so that the color particles are farther apart, thus lighter. If you take the air out, the bubbles shrink, and the color particles are closer together, so then the color is more concentrated. If you whip the air back in, the bubbles increase the distance between the particles again, so the frosting lightens up again. Maybe not as light as you started with because it's really difficult to get as much air in as you took out. It might appear darker than when you started, but not much.
As for the frosting, I'm curious if her color darkening technique is more noticeable on American-style buttercreams than meringue-based. Her explanation has to do (if I remember correctly, it's been a while since I watched it) with accessing water in the butter to give the water-soluble color more to mix with. Egg whites adding a higher proportion of water to begin with makes them accept coloring more easily without the need to knock nearly as much air out.  Regardless, in practice when rewhipping, I don't see any reason you would need to whip it to the exact volume it had before -- as long as it's a smoothable & appetizing consistency, some amount of volume loss may be an acceptable trade-off. I know I have certain food colorings that can quickly start to taste bad and I would rather have a cake with slightly denser frosting than risk making the entire thing inedible.  I have a batch of green macarons I'm currently making, I may try it on the filling just to see what happens.
You're so wholesome and kind, Ann! I love watching your videos because I always feel better afterward.
WOW fake animal rescue videos??? That’s so cruel 😢
I love watching all of these videos! I was not into science back in school but now I feel like I'm enjoying the topic and am actually learning some interesting stuff!!💖💖💖
I love how Dave has studied the water of all the seas and oceans and can tell the difference! 😘😘
When I was like 10 years old, some (good lord) 25 years ago, I innocently tried to reheat a nice boiled egg in the microwave. I very nearly got scolding hot eggs in my eyes, as it exploded in my face, which would have been the least cool story down at the blind-people-club.
Is it ok to microwave scrambled eggs?
Thank you for react once again to the frosting thing. I wondered about that.
Can I just say I really appreciate you putting real captions on your video??? It really helps me understand the video! Thanks!
Pressure Pushing down on me Pushing down on you, no man ask for 4:15 That burns a building down Splits a family in two Puts people on streets
I can’t believe we are still having to talk about microwaving eggs
I believe you made an Italian meringue buttercream not a Swiss.  A Swiss meringue buttercream is made by whisking egg whites and sugar over a double broiler until hot and then whipping until stiff peaks.  Italian meringue is pouring the hot syrup into already whipped eggs whites.  Don’t want to confuse anyone. You may have just misspoken.  I love watching your videos! Especially the debunking ones!
That Adrianna 100% lied.
The funny thing is, the rewhipped frosting actually looks lighter in colour than the original frosting! 😂
In regards to the animal rescue videos check out if the rescue organization is real.  If they're genuine they will give the name of the organization which you can then Google.  Its worth the few minutes it takes to keep our animals safe.  ❤
Yesssssssss new HTCT!
#experiment Now I didn't rewhip my swiss meringue buttercream, but I added so much food color and it still didn't get as dark as I wanted, I did use the immersion blender method. The color change was incredible. I didn't think the frosting lost that much volume (hence I didn't rewhip), but I will say it turned a lot firmer and tasted more buttery that usual.
Actually in my older cookbooks (from the 70s) there is a working technik, if you overly salt a stew or goulash, you can add potato, which compensates with the bland flavors of the mixture... But you need to add the "sidedish" amount of potato to it.
I noticed in the chocolate mousse one that things seemed normal until they poured the chocolate mixture over the ice. It wasn’t as watery as yours. Almost like they melted some chocolate in the microwave and just used that and threw the original mixture down the drain.
Purposefully putting animals in danger or injuring them to then rescue them, is just vile and evil. I hope those people fall in tar pits and don't get rescued. So evil!! D:<
I have a couple of observations for the first test: One is that you gave less than unbiased prompting to your brave tester as you seemed to imply that one of the three would be saltier than the other two. The other is that you used such a small piece of potato it is inconceivable that this could remove enough of the salt to make a noticeable difference. Although the video also used a ridiculously small piece of potato, you should have used more to be able to definitively state it has no effect. Though then you would have to contend with the fact that the potato water would have a different taste, whether saltier or not.  You could also have calibrated the test,, so to speak, by seeing if there is any discernible difference between 1 tsp and 1 1/8 tsp of salt (about a 10% change).  The potato trick is so well-known that there must be something to it, though perhaps it only "works", reducing the perceived saltiness, if the potatoes remain as part of the finished dish.
Try adding Splenda(or a sugar substitute) to a can of soda LOL
Love your videos, may I suggest using another word than Cr*zy as a descriptive for your title ? ❤
There's such a different standard for animal treatment in the world. And, of course, it's the animals who needlessly suffer for this.
okay so about the first one, you set it up to fail. she said it absorbs the salty water not it absorbs water, it could actually work if you have a sauce with too much salt as it would absorb the water maybe.
Oh cool I watched this on Friday.
The thing about rewhipping the frosting is that you can mess it up by doing that. The more you work it the more you knock the air out of it AND you risk the chance of separating the fat from the frosting. I think she just isn't incorporating the coloring enough to begin with. Or, knocking the air out of it dehydrates it and the color pops out more? IDK, it just doesn't seem like a hack thats worth trying. If you want or need bolder colors craft shops sell specialty formulated dyes for bolder colora.
Why did so many of the egg people not have eye protection? They were expecting an explosion
What I do if I add too much salt is simply add more liquid and the other ingredients to make more of the whole thing, thus lessening the % of salt in the stuff. XD
I always love these videos of yours! So important to debunk all of this.
You could’ve used a salt refractometer to test if the salt potato hack reduces salt content
Coke zero has lower density the normal coke cause if sugar thats why its fizz more as its easy for co2 to escape
I don't believe in hell, but there's a special place there for makers of those fake animal "rescue" channels. Many of them do some really horrible things. Please please never give those videos any engagement, other than to report them. I've seen them do things that made me cry. Just make sure any animal rescue videos you watch are uploaded by a reputable organization. ASPCA, RSPCA, big cat rescue, etc. Never watch ones from random content farm channels.
For the frosting, I feel like even if that original poster is right about it, it doesn't seem worth all the extra effort when you could just add more food coloring and only whip it once. I thought hacks are supposed to be about making things easier.
I love this! I just learned about the ginger milk pudding from Beryl Shereshewsky's channel. How cool!
TikTok is a bane on humanity.
Dave, we're absolutely going to meme that. 😂  As for the icing experiment my mother, who is a far better baker than I tried the experiment using both American and the swiss style buttercream and both got lighter as a result. Granted, she ALSO has a stand mixer but I don't think this would alter the results in such a significant manner. Anywho, thanks for staying above the drama. Theres enough drama in the world already without piling on more, I think
Dave's willingness to try anything, no matter how odd, is truly an inspriration.
It was honestly interesting to see how defensive her fans immediately got. People readily deny what they are already sceptical about, but if they like the content creator their rational thinking gets pretty murky.
That influencer dressed like the villain from Despicable Me is the most irresponsible. A lot of young people follow him. Kids have easy access to eggs and a microwave.
As a life long turtle lover, how dare these people pretend to help such wonderful and kind creatures just for views? People who do that make me sick and deserve to have their channels taken away and be jailed.  I do hope that those who are still doing the right thing will continue to do so. Thank you for bringing this to light.
Funny how people can make such a fuzz about the color of cake frosting.  There's tons of factors that might result in a different appearance of the frosting. Chemical reactions, a change of temperature by whipping, whatever.
You don't have nerves In your nails..I'm pretty sure as someone who has drilled a small hole in their nail to release pressure after trauma I'm pretty sure any way.
Good solution for fake rescue videos would be if it would be possible to charge peoples who upload them with animal abuse...  I bet it would reduce the issue especially that in those turtles case it was EVIDENT the rescue was fake
<3
The idea of adding a potato to over-salted soups and such is very very old.  TV chefs used to speak of that in the 1970's or maybe earlier.
As a cake decorator for a decade plus you have to use more color gel to get a darker color. Adding air always has taken away the darker color we would just have to add more of the gel to make the color back darker again. But also, it depends on what type of coloring you use. Different food coloring, such as gel or airbrush color is going to get you a different color to begin with. If I were making a say blue if I were to use the gel color, which is more concentrated, I would actually be using less than if I were to you saying airbrush, which is less concentrated more watery. I would have to use more of the airbrush. It’s what we always do if we want a small, pastel color, rather than using the more concentrated green, I would use just a tiny bit of the airbrush, which would give me a great pastel color.
7:32 ok I dont care who you are, that just... I mean youre the scum of the earth if you put puppies in dangerous situations purely for views.
On the topic of fake rescue videos, I also see a lot of video compilations of small reptiles where people will just let them hang out with their dogs and cats. It's so frustrating to watch because a lot of the time the reptile looks stressed and visibly uncomfortable but it's painted as a cute video. One little swipe from a bigger animal could be really harmful to a smaller one. If you see a bearded dragon with a jet black beard, they are annoyed/angry and it's best to leave them alone or get them out of the stressful situation.
Oh, I can't remember if I commented this before, but when my dad was a teenager, he wanted to see an egg explode in the microwave, but he didn't want to clean up the mess. So he put the egg in his mom's glass casserole dish to contain it.  So instead of cleaning up exploded egg, he cleaned up exploded egg and shattered glass.
I appreciate that you addressed the frosting thing again using one of the “correct” frostings! I have not personally tested it yet, but my instinct is to think it might work better with smaller batches because there will be less volume lost and therefore less to recover, so if you recover most of the volume - I think her video says it is something like a 16% loss or something, but I watched it exactly one time when it was released and don’t want to click it again because she was incredibly rude and condescending in it and don’t want to give the views - it will look darker than the original and you’ll end up with almost the same amount because there wasn’t all that much volume to begin with. That’s just my instinct on it without yet testing, though.
I LOVE ANN REARDON
#experiment  I make lots of cakes as a hobby  I tried her hack multiple times and I think (if it does work) that she is leaving out something Because I tried that with swiss meringue I tried re whipping Re whipping in an icebath Re whipping after cooling in fridge Re whipping after cooling and in an ice bath I never got it back to the same volume and it remained to be rather light in color afterwards and not at all as vibrant. To be fair in some cases I like the dense buttercreams (mainly for decoration) but I can't see her thing working how she claims unless there's something we are missing out?
Here's my algorithm food: Great video as always, Ann!
Ann you keep using the wrong frosting. She literally said it's a different frosting.
Animal rescue videos. The solution I would say is to only click on ones from organisations you’ve heard of and know about like the RSPCA Blue Cross etc. Red flags include animals being “found” in unlikely situations and the same animals being rescued over and over again.
Thank you so much for talking about the fake animal rescue videos eventhough it's not your domain, I hope people will learn. Only support organizations or real rescuers, and anything that seems shady: report it!
Maybe people could research what channels do legitimate rescue and subscribe to those ones specifically
Please make sure your husband gets lots of water after that, he needs to stay hydrated, and not with sea water lol
Why would you do that to your husband. You could have just weighed the saltwater.
I appreciate that you re-discussed the icing hack and that you reached out to the original creator. I have experienced what you have when I have tried this in the past for my own baking. I have not tried the exact recipe though.
THEY ARE DOING WHAT TO THE TURTLES???? OH HELL NAW, WE GOT SOME BUTTS TO KICK!!!! 🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢🐢
Road to 5M subscriber for Ann. This channel evolves and adapts to changing time and against the trend, in a good way.
I saw a few uploads ago about microwaving eggs and now these videos are coming out. People will really go too far to get more engagements that they are willing to jeopardize others' and their own safety
Could you do a video on making desserts that are good for diabetics? Easy desserts (especially chocolate, but I'm flexible) that aren't packed with artificial sweeteners that have a weird aftertaste? I was fairly recently diagnosed type 1 and I'd like to enjoy sweet treats still! And I trust you unlike some creators out there ❤❤
I don't know the other creator, but watching their "response" just felt... awkward. She seemed so mad. For what? If she's truly a scientist, shouldn't peer reviewing be welcomed? Watching her video, the colours just look like Ann's examples - slightly darker because of the loss of volume. I'm a baker myself but don't deal with butter creams a lot (we do just plain cream where I'm from) so I haven't tested it myself, but I might just try to see what happens. 😂
There's no way the color is going to stay dark in the frosting, it's the air that lightens the color. You can see something similar in hard candy making videos- they'll take hot sugar that's a medium beige color from cooking, and can turn it paper white just by adding enough air. It's completely illogical from any standpoint. The more volume there is, the thinner the dye will be spread, and the lighter the color.
Id love to try that milk dish. The texture looks very pleasing
the best way to determine real animal rescue videos from fake is to do some digging on who is posting the videos. look at the channel, the dates of the channel creation/upload dates, check any socials they have, google their name, check upload frequency, ect.
Ann really trying to make the buttercream color work in her favor but she’s still ignoring what the actual food scientist said. Ann seems to be stirring the pot and not the buttercream pot. Annoying she’s trying so hard to be right when she’s not even listening to what the scientist said. I’m over this page. What else is she lying about to make herself not lose face here.
Love these videos. Just in terms of the salt test, while taste is important and it's fun watching Dave drink salt water, a better overall test would be to boil the different samples to find how much salt was left in them.
New Ann video!!!!! Yay!
Why did you give dave that watery thing 😂
How are you Ann? Hope you are doing well 😊❤
Wait… you can filter through the comments???? 🤔 Thanks for the video! Still can’t believe people are still putting eggs in the microwave 🫠🙄
I’m a bartender and would love to see a video on bar hacks and drink hacks!! Love your channel
The turtles and dogs really made me sad..
Re.solution for fake animal rescues: I’ve started looking at channel names. If it’s the name of a legit animal rescue/welfare organisation I can find a web page for, I will watch their videos. It’s not fool proof but will filter out most of the fakes at least. If it’s not, I will tell YouTube not to recommend that channel.
20:28 It is well understood that the incorporation of air into food changes the color, texture, and appearance. Any candy maker can demonstrate this with a taffy puller.
Hello Ann, I have always respected you for all the hard work you put to your videos. Just a request to try the first hack again as I have seen my mother do it all the time for curries and now I do it myself, but never have understood the science behind it. And I must tell you it's a quite a common hack atleast in India.
Even balloons get lighter when they are inflated. Spreading the same amount color over a larger area equals lighter color. You don't magically gain more colorant.
Thank you for making these videos. I’ve learned so much from them! ❤
I've made a soup too salty before and just added a can of unsalted crushed tomatoes. Diluted the salt and added a bit of acid
Obligatory algorithm comment
The potato do absorb salt, for small increase of saltiness. But you need a lot more than just one cube... I mean a loooot.... It's better to dilute it with just water. 😂😂😂
Once I realised that even some of the "rescue" videos I believed were true were faked, I had to stop watching all of them, even the shorts. I feel bad for the true ones but some of the fakers are very good and it is hard to tell which ones are true.
the potato thing will sort of work as salt always tries to balance itself out just like why you need to add more salt sometimes after you add potatoes to a recipe
For the saltiness issue, worth trying a ball of dough (just some flour mixed with water). It 100% works - won't make it completely not salty but it will help. Just remember to remove it :P
the one with the food coloring doesn't make any sense. whatever you add air to, be it frosting, candy, or whatever else,  its more bubbles= more volume and reflection = lighter color. the only way i see this "working" is, as you did, deflate it and beat it to a lesser volume than before.
After watching this video I got the crucial proof I needed: people on TikTok are stupid
Regarding the frosting silliness my only question is why would you go through all that trouble just to save having to add a few more drops of color? Or even better, who cares if you have bright red or light red decorations? If we make decorating our cakes a huge ordeal it just sends more people running to a bakery rather than enjoying the pleasures of home baking. I just rolled my eyes at the ides of making your frosting then getting out the emulsion blender then creating a ice bath and rewhipping it all to get a slightly darker shade 🙄
the potato and salt one is true, but not like shown. I've saved a few of my food with it, but it's not enough to drop your potato there, it only works in sauces that still have time to boil. You drop a potato in the sauce and let i boil until the potato is done, that way the sauce becomes less salty, I guess the potato absorbs a bit of the salt. But of course, anything oceanic won't work, it works only to correct salt, not to entirely remove it.
Common sense tells you that the more air, the more the colored particles are separated; which means it will always be a matter of darker=thicker, lighter=airier.  Pick.  Unless you add extra food coloring.
People put eggs in the microwave for content now. Even though it’s dangerous, many people just don’t care 😢  Also,Ann, I didn’t realize you were at 4m not too far from 5m either!!! I’ve been following since about 500k. So wonderful to see ❤
I'd never seen or even considered that people faked those rescue videos. That is revolting, and seeing those puppies in the "tar" makes me incredibly angry and sad.
Your Husband is a BRAVE (& DEDICATED)  Husband! Bless His Heart!  lol
Been baking for a looooooong time, though i was not professionally taught. I can tell you from the thousands of batches of icings ive made that whipping something will always make the color lighten. Her experiment is incorrect and if shes so confident, then she should post it live, showing her volumes. My guess is her consistency was not back up to volume started.
7:35 fyi, Animal aid unlimited in India IS a genuine rescue charity, not a fake!
You can avoid oversalting food by putting the salt onto your hand, instead of directly into the pot :)
Thanks to your previous videos, I was able to save my mom. She had found that microwave poached egg "hack" and had done it a few times while home alone. I felt my soul leaving my body when she told me that, and I sent her your video. She hasn't microwaved an egg since! Thank you for saving my mom!
I liked the ginger pudding video, the pudding looked really nice and it actually looks fun to make! Kudos to Ann for correcting my assumption that it was fake <3
The potato hack really works in soups, though. My mother taught me how to do it.
I have see the other video abt the colour frosting and I will rely on your version!
Jealous of your shiny pink stand mixer!! I just bought mine in a cherry red.
Just looking at Ann’s face I knew the chocolate trick wouldn’t work 😅
#experiment
@16:28 I'm pretty sure that's Italian buttercream. Isn't Swiss buttercream is made over a double boiler, not with a hot syrup?
All I can suggest is to only watch reputable sources for animal rescue. And donate to them too. ❤
I guess one way to figure out if an animal rescue video is real, see if the channel's name is that of a rescue. For good measure, you can google and see if they have a website or at least a facebook page. At least in my country, every rescue has a website where all the adoptable animals are listed, and they have info about the adoption process, about the rescue and about the people who run the rescue.  Of course people can fake a website, but it takes a lot of effort to make it believable.
My mom told me the same hack as the first one, only she said to add carrots to remove the salt. I think it actually worked too (although obviously the volume of carrots was much higher than that measly slice of potato). Next time, I'll try your hack too when I inevitably mess up my soup. Edit: She also says that carrots work better than potatoes by default.
Tik tok is a stupid platform and people want clout.  Deliberately is stupid. And i am getting tired and unimpress with the trends made by teenagers with the old following.even endangering animals is NOT ok. If only their love ones or themself is in the animals place. Only then they will be aware.  And i am super upset that a cat have been abused in my country. I hate that  Wisdom clearly does not comes with age.
Fake animal rescues  are horrible. I may have an Idea. Maybe we can start a Wikipedia page or something where you can link all the REAL animal rescue YouTube channels. Sure the fake ones will still be in the short, but maybe a website of some kind could make that better. Naming real channels and also giving tipps on how to see if its a fake video or not. By you I didn't mean you ann🫣 But that could be a community thing?
Long before it was a trend, I cooked an egg in a microwave. I got severly burned after i tried to crack the the egg. It popped onto my face the same way you see it happening in the featured videos.
really weird to see the potato hack being debunked. whenever I add too much salt to soup I do the potato thing and it works, maybe it really was the cumulative effect
Yikes. Girl should just admit it changes the texture, consistency, and taste of the icing but it gives her the desired appearance she’s looking for. It’s not hard to go, “yeah. There’s some trade offs with the technique. Do what suits you best!” I’ll take science before I take someone defending their own opinion just for the sake of it being their opinion. Nothing is perfect. Including her icing. But that’s life
I fell for the three puppies stuck in tar video just recently. 😢😮
Ann, please do a video on all the nasty things Dave has had to eat or drink. His reactions are the best and the most funniest I have ever seen. I especially like the one where he has to eat some pretty nasty cookies and he starts spitting it out and and claims that it was the most disgusting thing he's ever eaten. I don't think I had laughed that hard in a long time. 🤣🤣🤣  Love you and your family.  🥰 God bless you all. ✝
Great work as always, Ann.
Goodness' sake, people, if you want to make eggs explode, line them up on the side of a sand dune and hit them with a .22 rimfire from twenty paces.
even if that frosting hack was true, it would still be: after whipping up your frosting, beat it down and then whip it up again, taking about 3 times as long, to use slightly less food coloring
Im glad you addressed the frosting  color hack. I hate that the other creator and her followers were rude and nasty towards you. You were just explaining the why behind what we see. I believe you both made good points, and at the end of the day it really is baker preference. You both are highly educated and qualified to give suggestions on baking hacks. People just like to see drama for drama's sake on the internet.
I just love Dave. What a great Hubby ❤❤
Anne has such a natural talent to balance education and entertainment.
I used to drink coca cola with a straw a lot when I was little, and I would shake the straw up and down to make it bubble for fun, not knowing why that happens. Well now I do 😄
Love Ann's classy original post (regarding frosting color) and her classy response here. Where can we see the original recipe to also test things out on our end?
Poor dave.hana.but he is a sporty one!! Good pair u two.
Hey Ann! I see all kinds of debunking videos but I don’t know how to tag you! Can you tell me how???
I love how cooking videos are becoming scientists 😅.  Its a great leap from the joy of cooking to how to cook that😂
Dave is the best guinea pig!
I love your channel! It's mesmerizing to not only see and listen to you, but you have the most graceful hands and I find myself watching them as they are like graceful dancers gesturing what you're talking about. Weird I know, but it's just an observation. Your husband is so wonderful to help you out by tasting what you experiment with. He's a keeper!
For the frosting hack...I've used a modified American buttercream for years. When it's whipped, there is a limit to the intensity of color I get no matter how much coloring I add. But if I let that frosting sit for at least 24 hours (or frost a cake, then let the cake sit), the color will darken significantly. If I then rewhip the frosting, it will lighten right back up. But again, if I let it sit, back to dark it goes. So it may be an issue of how long the frosting sits as well as the volume. I can for sure confirm that the whipping makes an immediate difference in the color, even in a frosting without eggs. One more thing that might be important: this effect happens with my chocolate buttercream, too. No coloring, just cocoa. #experiment
I love this
Poor Dave was so unsure about that ginger pudding at first, heart been broke too many times 😂
If your food is slightly overly salty you can add 2 potatoes not just a slice and cook it until the pototoes are soft. Then potatoes will take away some of the saltiness but you other food will probably be over cooked.
Why does Ann resemble Kate Middleton, their posture and everything is sooo similarr
Have you ever tried making an egg puff? You whisk the eggs a bit, put either butter or cream cheese in the bowl, and then microwave for 10s, whisk, 20s, whisk, and then let it go until it puffs a bit or doesn't show liquid. The butter one cooks faster and comes out flatter. It tastes just like scrambled eggs. It's usually done in less than a minute. The cream cheese one ends up fluffy with the cream cheese in the middle. You can add salt and pepper to make them savory, or add syrup to make them sweet (they are sometimes referred to as egg pancakes). Super yummy. You do have to pay attention to it while it's in the microwave though so it doesn't overcook or explode. It's recommended that you use a paper bowl as it sticks horribly to the sides of the dish. Also, the cream cheese one may let out one little pop when you stick your fork into it, but I've never had it do more than that in all of the years that I've been making them. Note: I usually put a paper towel over top to prevent any issues in and out of the microwave. I don't usually have any though. That one main pop is mostly just scary sounding.
Fun video! I'd like to see you redo the salt/potato hack with less salty water and a bigger chunk of potato. The question is whether this could work if you slightly oversalt a dish, not whether a speck of potato can absorb a huge amount of salt.
My guess is the colour saturation is based on the density of the icing. The air in the frosting wouldn't have color, so overall the frosting will reflect less colour when there's more air in it. I might have to try this.
Dave is the ultimate humanitarian for ingesting all of these experiments! 🤣
I had no idea there was so much hate going on for the icing hack, I saw the other video too.  It was so vengeful I stopped it mid video. It is nice of you to respond to it. I can only wish that I reach your level of calm !
I had a sibling fall asleep while boiling an egg and when the water evaporated, the egg exploded all over the kitchen. I did my best to clean it up as it was time for him to go to bed to go to work that evening, but there are so many tiny crevacies that are hard to get to. It didn't help our roach problem with that apartment at all and that's all I could think of as I watched those exploding egg videos...those people are not only risking harm to themselves, but getting roaches and ants.
Dave is such a good sport!
Or, y'know, adrianna is lying  for views 🤷‍♀️ simple as that
Dave we applaud your bravery 👍🏻👍🏻
Kinda crazy there’s still people microwaving eggs KNOWING they’ll explode on your face. 😵‍💫 Bless you for repeating the warning. 💜
sugar candy get lighter with air too
Salt potato thing: how would the salt cure potato taste compared to a potato cooked without salt? I expect they would be the same.
Two animal rescue channels I watch that are quite real are Hope for Paws (Official), and Ocean Conservation Namibia. :)
I absolutely LOVE the way that she handled the frosting experiment. She's right, we're here for food science not drama. Thanks for keeping it professional.
Also there needs to be international laws on animal cruelty. Throwing glue on turtles should be a felony. Throwing puppies in tar should be a felony. Throwing cats in tubs, animals getting hurt for laughs, it should all be illegal. Sorry but 95% of people are not smart enough to figure out whats fake or real so ban it all.
yey cience!!!
It just doesn’t make sense physically for the frosting to remain dark after being rewhipped. What would be the mechanism for that?
But Ann my mom and grandmom both use potatoes to lessen the salt and it does work on alrdy cooked dishes. Also when we make potato dishes, they need more salt cuz potatoes lessen the taste of salt. Maybe it has something with tomato and potato combination?
Dave is a good man!
For that chocolate bar chocolate mousse, would it work better if they used heavy whipping cream instead of water?  Just curious.
For the legitimate animal rescue channels since it can be really hard for many people to know who is real and who is fake and lets be honest we cant trust the youtube suggestions... it would be awesome if channels we KNOW we can trust like this one, dr mike, mama dr jones and others out there who strive to educate and debunk dangerous and stupid things in media could help work together to find the real channels that need real help. i know others exist these were just the first i thought of. i know none of you are specifically doing animal videos but thats the best idea i have for combating the worst ones out there that hurt animals for views is get the good people on the platform together to promote the actual animal rescue heros
Re the animals. I’ve been asking YouTube to include an “animal cruelty” category in their reporting options. I’ve had zero response which is disheartening.  If reports work, a genuine animal sanctuary/rescue organisation would be able to prove their credentials (if reported) but the fake sites would not.
The turtle part made me so sad. :( The lengths people go to just to get views... hurting innocent animals (and people, for that matter) just to get the clicks. Sometimes I just lose faith in humanity.
What works better than potato is mushroom. Mushrooms soak up salt.
Love your videos as always, Anne, thank you for all your effort.  Also ss Anne says at the end of every video to "please make it a great week by being kind to others", as her subscriber I really feel that the frosting hack should be left as it is, the idea of us experimenting is amazing and ofcourse we call try that but let's not concoct a drama by commenting on the other person's videos because that is totally not what Anne and the channel is about. Stay positive and kind!
Missed the mark on that potato one, Ann. If you cook a potato for long enough it absolutely will absorb a lot of the salt out of solution. I suspect you didn’t cook it for very long if this is your result.
Oh my God those turtles!
I always feel so sorry for your poor husband!
thank you for putting so much research in your Videos
I've tried this butter creme thing a couple of times and I've never managed to get a richer and darker colour by rewhipping the cream. I'm not sure if I got the process right but rewhipping shouldn't be that hard, should it?
The lighter color is a direct result of the air in the frosting. This may be caused by dilution due to increased volume, or diffusion (think frosted glass). Either way, Ann's results are the only logical outcome regardless of recipe.  Though I can't be bothered to test it myself.
That Little Puff makes some great debunking videos. 😁
I need to bake a birthday cake for my son in about a week and a half. He wants it Galaxy themed, so lots of dark colors. I'll try to do small batches in a stand mixer for you.
I noticed that a lot of official recuse channels have websites and are attached to shelters and actually encourage adoption. They’re often but not always considered nonprofit charities. And I know there are plenty of websites that list registered nonprofit recuses.  A few ways to avoid lying or face recuses just on the look of the video. Repeated encounters or endangerment of the same dog. Most recuse take dogs to a shelter to avoid the same situation happening again. And to get them properly adopted.
I'd like to see a triangle test with more participants (9 minimum, but 12-18 would be better). Not because I doubt the potato trick doesn't work- I just think it'd be a good opportunity to teach some light stats concepts and it'd be fun to meet more of the friends and family (to their comfort level, of course).
love your debunk vids
I was 😂scared when I saw the turtle in your thumbnail. I can't tell you how happy I was to see you amplify the fake animal rescue issue. You and Dan the Turtle Man are two of my favorite YouTubers. Thanks so much ❤.
Dave is such a good sport, always taste testing the nasty things 😆
Faked animal rescue is EVIL! No, there is no redeeming value or benefit.
Genuine question: Do you think there's some difference between the American food coloring versus the Australian food colouring that could make a difference in the final results of the icing colors? I'm not sure how much of a difference it could make but I think it's good to consider the variables.
the salt and potato hack definitely works, it's utilized a lot in south asian cooking - if you oversalt the curry, adding potato is the go to method to fixing this and it works without fail
I don't want to point fingers but if she can reintroduce air, which as clearly stated is the cause of the colour, and it still is darker then there is manipulation happening. either she's using two different batches with differing amounts of colour or she's put more colouring when she rewhips.
Sometimes I wonder if getting the Internet was a bad thing for humanity.
If Youtube were serious about making sure people (mostly the children [of many ages]) aren't tricked, fooled, or lead astray by "misinformation" or "disinformation" or "malinformation" (all subjective descriptors) -- what they claim to be doing by censoring certain political opinion, prawn, or illegal content -- then they'd do what you're doing. They have the budget and they can consult with a much wider variety of actual professionals and practitioners in the given field or subject.   But no. YT likes just silencing dissent they don't like, and it's ruining the platform, as it has with Facebook, Twitter (although we'll see how Twitter proceeds now that Musk has released the Twitter Files and we'll see how Yaccarino rules), Instagram and Pinterest, to name a few.   As an American where we have a Constitutionally protected right to free speech, which no other country on earth has, and where YT was born, it is an abomination to humanity. It's the 21st Century. We really should have this already nailed down globally. C'mon people. Soapbox stowed. Thanks Reardon, you're a gem. Paz.
Ooooh that animal abuse stuff got my blood boiling 🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
I really like when you put in some videos that do actually work, keep at it! it gives the video an overall more positive vibe and can still teach us some cool and interesting things :)
13:22 This is my absolute favourite reaction he has ever had to anything.
The salt water hack works but here's the trick ...you add a whole potato and remove it after the cook.
Dave is a fair dinkum legend
Even when the animal rescue video is genuine I can’t watch them it’s so sad to me. people faking it is just disgusting and animal abuse, they should be jailed.
you said explosion and microwave and knew *exactly* what was coming. It's egg isn't it, egg in microwaves.
That potato thing has been around for years and years.. never worked..
Viral animal videos really irk me, even the non-rescue ones that are supposedly 'cute' quite often are cruelty in action. They are effectively the online equivalent of dancing street bears. Personally I wouldn't mind seeing a blanket ban on non-vetted animal videos of a viral nature, but I know that wouldn't be very popular, and even if companies like YouTube would, TikTok (which is the worst platform for it) certainly wouldn't. Best people can do is avoid clicking on 'viral' videos involving animals, and stick to only clicking on ones from reputable channels such as actual rescue organisations etc.  On the egg thing, the problem with trends is even if they start off with people who know what they're doing or know the consequences, as they gain momentum they get copied by people who _don't_. The nature of trends is that people do something because it's trendy, not because they're put thought into it.  In both cases, the only real solution is education, which is why your channel is a great resource!
The fake animal rescue videos are so messed up! The algorithm is inadvertently rewarding animal abuse :(
The first time I saw the turtle rescue, I knew it was fishy, thanks to the training from Ann.
That color of frosting at the end isn't colorblind friendly 😅 Can barely tell
recreating it exactly at 10:03 was actually quite funny
I appreciate your response to Adriana—very respectful and well-done. I admit that I’m somewhat confused by the discrepancy myself! Adriana seemed educated, well-spoken, and backed up her claims. I’d like to believe that she isn’t lying or bending the truth, but you’re right that the difference seems odd.
There is a special places in hell for people who hurt animals just for clickbait.
the detriment of paper straws is drinking fizzy drinks with it, they just don't taste right being that bubbly in the straw
Ann you’re simply the best
7:30 I'm not religious person but if there is hell then I'm sure they have SPECIAL place deep down there for scums like that....
The frosting one annoyed me because the "small creator" acted like you personally attacked her and that you're some giant creator who wants to ruin her and you have some vendetta against her.
On my screen it looks like the rewhipped icing is lighter than the original. Honestly, if you consider the time, cost of energy, stress, and effort it takes to go through all of that it would be better and more affordable to just put a bit more coloring in as you are making it.
Once again, if you mix/beat or whatever it is called your egg, pour it into a tall and wide enough glass and microwave it around 1 minute (less even), it will produce a nice omelette, which will not explode, so that's nice.
I watch james Hoffmann and he was the person I would see that would use the 1 out of 3 sampling which is a better way to check for differences than just 1 out of 2
The mousse one is so strange, because usually the videos are faked to look much simpler than they are in reality so the end result seems more impressive, but it’s not more difficult to add less water and more chocolate, so why fake it at all?
Altough I dont know a solution for the animal rescue videos, I do can recommend one I watched for years now. Its called "Hope For Paws". They live off of donations and fly all over the USA to rescue any kind of animal in need, doesnt have to have paws. They always show the animal after a few weeks/months in their new home.
If you CAN make mousse by adding chocolate to water, why would they not just show the correct proportions in the video? What do they gain by shooting extra footage with wrong ingredient amounts?
When I lived in a dorm I was microwaving an egg in a mug and I didn’t scramble it enough and it exploded all over the inside of the microwave 😔Science: 1 Hungry college student: 0
Even if that frosting hack did work, which I’m doubtful, it just seems way more complicated and time consuming than it’s even worth. Just add more food coloring like what? I’m gonna try it anyways because it seems fun, but like dang. Hacks are hacks these days 😹
I always use the potato hack when the food is slightly too salty and it works every single time  I usually use a pressure cooker so the amount of evaporated liquids is significantly lower than a normal pot  It never disappoints, i usually use a large potato and cut it into small pieces and it never goes to waste  The way you tested it is definitely not the best, you could have used chicken broth it would have made so much more sense and he should rince his palate with some water with drops of lemon between each sip
Noooooooooooo. The potato hack has been in my family for generations. Did he rinse in between sips?
For the frosting: air is really good at scattering all wavelengths of visible light. When it's incorporated into a substance, that means any pigments will be washed out. This is compounded by the fact that you're also diluting the pigment. What sugarologie is saying is physically Impossible without adding more pigment. Even then, because of the scattering, the pigment won't be as intense.
Thank you for picking up on the Dan the Turtle Man drama!!! I mentioned this in your comments months ago, Im so glad you found it, however you did💝 Thank you Ann!💝🌞👍👑
Why people always so easy to believe something that obviously a lie?
The re-whipped frosting looks a little split?  Maybe the darker color is because the emulsion isn't working as well so you have the color in the oil sitting on top of the egg protein?  It wouldn't make for a good frosting al all though.  Like how if your pesto isn't fully mixed you'll get dark green oil sitting on the top.  If you whip it over an ice bath it would be even harder to incorporate the emulsion.
Dan’s giving major popeye vibes 😂 bless this man!
Dave is such a champ!
Salt hack: when I accidently oversalted my food, I added sugar to counteract it. It worked out decently and I tried to add a little more to make it better.... Then dropped the whole sugar thing in the food.  Candied fish and rice is an *experience* let me tell you
When I put a straw (metal) in a room temperature sofa it fizzes. If it is col from the fridge it doesn’t do it. I drink Coke Zero. I think some of those eggs were attached to some sort of explosive. Why would an egg have a cloud of smoke coming out of it. No proof that these were cooked in microwave. I agree it is dangerous.
I don't watch animal rescue videos because I always suspect they've been staged.  If someone is a good person and is rescuing an animal, why would they take a video of themselves doing it?  I've rescued animals and have never videoed myself.  In fact, my rescues happen quickly because I saw an emergency and acted quickly.  So I've always suspected rescue videos of being staged.
I think this is the first video where Ann actually confirms a video is true (apart from the bugs on strawberries). And then two in one video! Maybe that means the internet is getting better? Or us viewers are just getting better at identifying terrible hacks
Thats not a chocolate mousse its a whipped water ganache  Edit: anne gave dave something he liked. So good to see him enjoying something in the video instead of just stuff he won't like
… going to put the spoons back in the drawer 😂
Its been a while since I've been watching Ann, i only foinx your through the debunking videos a while back and ive beinged watched all your informative videos. I am not too much of a cook so i enjoy all the debunking and indormative videoz, abd the gadget series! Thanks for your work Ann
THANK YOU for mentioning the animal rescue videos, people get really defensive when you point out that a video is suspicious or not as wholesome as it looks and it breaks my heart to think of these poor animals being harmed for content. Everyone just needs to be a bit more critical about the content they’re consuming.
I once actually managed to save oversalted goulash by boiling potatoes in it but it was a lot of raw potatoes and it took a long time. It was edible in the end though and before that it definitelly wasnt.
Oh my god bless your husbands heart! Have him drink a lot of water and tell him we're so sorry for dehydrating him for a video! 😂❤
❤
Wouldnt she be using American frosting not typical icing
I know different methods of coloring can oxidize if you don't start mixing and covering the coloring with the food right away. That could be a reason for the color change.
This has nothing to do with cooking, but I was wondering if Anne ever watched Bondi Vet.  I first got interested in the YouTube channel by watching the Australian vet Chris Brown.  He’s not on every episode that I’ve watched, but on quite a few of them.
F for Dave :'(
thank you so much for reaching out to sugerologie for this one because the secondhand drama was making me so anxious 😂
The meringue is an Italian meringue if you add hot syrup to fluffy egg whites, isn't it? Not Swiss
Turtles can feel pressure and temperature through their shells. The idea of them being held down and enduring a hot glue gun makes me want to cry.
I love your videos so much!
Dave is such a good sport🥰
I really appreciate, that you're not afraid to say "I don't know" 👍 Also, give a hug from us to your husband for being such a willing guinea pig ❤️
I don't know how common it is in the whole of America, but when I visited Florida in 2022, they were using neither plastic or paper straws, but cellulose straws, and this was pretty much everywhere from your big fast food chains, to theme parks and local restaurants. They are as strong as plastic straws, but because they're made from cellulose made from plants, they biodegrade really easily.
Is it possible the #experiment is due to different kinds of food colouring? Brands, sources, etc?  Maybe theres one that has a wierd reaction to less air
I LOVE STAYING UP ON FRIDAYS AND WATCHING UR VIDS !!
I've been watching yout channel since I was 10 and I learned English from you, now I'm in college and still watch every single one of your videos. Thank you Ann!
You rock Ann
Dave’s smile after he realized the pudding was nice made my day
Ann -- my little sister loves watching these hacks, especially 5mincrafts, and i directed her to your channel. She absolutely loves your content and since watching you has started to question those hack videos and whether they would work or whether theyre dangerous. You've inspired an interest in experimenting and debunking and I am very thankful, it's brilliant to see her use critical thinking when she consumes this sort of content!! Appreciate your channel and what you are doing ❤
I'm pretty sure Adriana lied to save her face :')
Thank you..
I get why we switched over to paper straws, but the foaming it does is such a pain. Im gonna bring my metal one with me.
I don't really get it. These people sending in these videos to you seem to be familiar with your content already. And yet they are gullible enough to even THINK that an impossible stupid thing is possible...?? Or do they just want to see their names in a video? Genuinely baffled by this...
Here is my solution for fake animal rescue vids: demonotize all of them except the ones made by legitimate animal rescue organizations.
I feel like there is a hint of truth to the potato salt hack. When I am making soups I find the broth is perfect until potato is added and cooked, then it needs a pinch of salt. One small piece of potato isn't going to fix a very oversalted dish but potatoes do absorb a small amount of salt.
the salt-hack just disappointed me so much, i saw it in a video as a child and have believed it ever since.
for the fake chocolate moose, it's a shame because they basically showed the process of making chocolate Italian Ice. A lot of fake recipes like you said find a real thing and bend the truth to make it seem low effort.   here is a video of chocolate Italian ice being made in an ice cream machine. they set up the ice bowl in the video but stopped short to make it more clickable. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bu1u5AIeHZ8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=887t46h6ZD0
The frosting hack reminded me of another hack that brightens without adding extra colouring. The video 'Cakes By MK - Bright Buttercream Hack' she microwaves it to liquid, then chills & whips it again. I'm curious if it's lost any volume as well & if it's possible to whip it back with as much air. 🤔 Edit: And if the colour also turns pale.
I have seen someone make a darker colored frosting from letting the coloring oxidize by letting it sit in room temp for a day. I don't remember what exact type of frosting it was tho.
also no need in strings, when you have video editing software and can turn around the time itself :D
Omg please. Yes let’s all make the frosting and settle the score so this can be over. Many were so put off by your attitude in her comment section and now the back and forth where you refuse to concede or simply leave the situation alone. You already “debunked” it and don’t want to be a part of “YouTube drama”—so why is it still coming up in your videos? I’ve defended you many times but this is just silly…..  Edit: I hadn’t even gotten to the very end until after typing my comment and it drove my point even further in. Comments with hashtags?????? Facepalm
im actually starting to not trust you the potato one 100% works, what a utterly stupid way to test it lmao.
<3
Those poor turtles...
About the cake frosting hack: Even if it works, is it really worth blending and then rewhipping the frosting just to save some food coloring? Like how much will you save on it compared to live time invested and also the quality of the frosting?
With the egg videos I first thought "do they not learn?", but then I realised, they're not doing it to find out if it's real or not. They just want viral video, not to educate anyone. So stupid. Risking a bad injury just for the clicks.
I don't watch TikTok or shorts... but I love watching you debunk those videos ;-) The victory or long-form, science, logic and quality over sensationalism, ignorance and greed!!!
Damn the fake rescue stuff is just gross.... :/ I mean Youtube letting craft videos do dangerous stuff children will repeat is also gross but it's not them actively doing harm, out of the gross scale these videos hurting animals and pretending to save them is UP there.
I bit into a microwaved egg as a kid and it popped in my mouth. I remember it hurt really badly, but luckily I wasn’t severely injured. My mom didn’t know you can’t microwave eggs, and heated one up for me at a hotel breakfast bar 😅
Poor, poor Dave's kidneys
for the animal rescue videos, i would say google is your friend! if you’re unfamiliar with the poster, google the name of the youtube channel and see if they have any good credentials for saving animals! if it’s just some guy and this is a thing they do frequently, it’s probably safe to assume it’s fake
I'm glad Dave got to eat some good mousse after having to drink salty water 🤣
i love how you handled the mismatching results with the other youtuber, how you decided to assume that she was acting in good faith and then extended some possibilities for why you might have achieved different results (different techniques and different volumes) before opening up to the community to provide new data points. very positive way to handle this! fantastic role model. you're a class act, as always <3
I love that you make it exactly like the video even though it's obviously failed 😂❤. Also the taste tests! 👏😂
Why is there are diamond back terrepine in this cooking debunking vidéo thumbnail 😭
I love this channel. My kids find it fascinating as do i. I never have to worry when we watch
Can we all appreciate Dave getting high blood pressure for us! 😭♥️
Isn't drinking saltwater how you make someone throw up haha?
people need to stop spreading lies online cause this poor man is suffering
Why didnt you use potato water where you added salt to at the end instead of yust water and salt?
You are providing an invaluable service on this platform by showing how dangerous and/or cruel these viral videos are. The work you do makes YouTube better for everyone, many thanks Ann!
Your a bloody legend, keep up the awesome stuff as always
The creator of the frosting videos was soooo mad!!!
experiment: took me 2 hours 😅 i carefully made sure i was transferring all the frosting so i wasnt artificially losing any volume. i had a lighter color and 450 ml to start. after emulsion blending it did get way way darker but i had about 275ml. i tried to blend it again and it got lighter. it even seemed lighter than the first color?? and at the end i was only able to get a tad above 350 ml 😢  edit: #experiment ty for letting me know in the comments that there was supposed to be a hashtag. i guess i wasnt paying attention when she said use the hashtag lol
When I see scumbags abuse animals is when I hope hell is a real place
Could the mouse work with aquafaba?
Well I guess today I learned human beings are sick enough to glue rocks to terrapins and throw puppies into liquid rubber for the sake of a few clicks... good to know my lack of faith in humanity is justified.
lawdddd can we get our sh*t together?!?!? 😂 not Ann having to go over the food-colour-icing-hack thing again but even slower for us this time 😂😂
Is frosting with raw egg white in it safe? Is there some prepping you can do like washing the outside of the egg with soap and water before cracking to reduce the risk of contamination?
Comparing methods of the rewhipped frosting, the only significant inconsistency I can see between both of your approaches is temperature. The hack apparently used an ice bath to rewhip (?). But I still do not believe that would keep it from the colour becoming lighter again. The whipping should reduce the density by introducing air. The concentration of pigments in the mixture would reduce with it and you would lose saturation making the colour lighter.   I suspect there is something being omitted in the hack, laziness with providing proof or just ignorance.
i love that you're asking us to repeat the experiment and report on it as well!
The first one with potato kind of works in broth. But not like that.
It's interesting to see that Sugarologie does admit that their volume is 'slightly less'. One, extremely un-scientific wording, but two, if she made such a small quantity (which it seems like she did every time), 'slightly less' could still mean a whole lot. Ann went down 14% when rewhipping. If Sugarologie started with 200 mL and lost 14%, she'd end up with about 170 mL. You could indeed call that 'slightly less'.
I’ve seen the potato trick published in vintage women’s magazines and always wondered if it would really work!  I guess the next question is whether potato and/or egg shell really works for removing burnt flavors from fat for deep frying.
I would have thought the ginger pudding thing was fake had I not learned the hard way that ginger coagulates milk while trying to make a ginger flavored pastry cream a few years ago. Was able to bypass this issue by making a ginger syrup and, therefore, denaturing the enzimes, then adding that syrup to a new batch of pastry cream. Ginger cream puffs topped with chocolate are way too good.
For the animal rescue videos google the channel and double check that they are a real rescue org. or legit business.  There are a few fish pond rescues that are awesome, but so many are fakes.  How are they handling the animals?  Are they being safe for themselves?  Do they have adequate equipment?  Do they follow up and say what happened to the animals?  Do you see the same animals in different videos in danger again?
I can’t believe Dave actually ate the “mousse” 😂
I'm so glad you are shinning a light on the fake animal rescue videos, I honestly had no idea that people are now doing that and it's really sad. I will definitely be more aware now!
I would hazard a cautious guess that the whipped icing hack kept the darker colour on re-whipping because they only did it for a very short time, just as it seemed with the darker colour did here on How To Cook That, at least until almost as much air as the original whipping was back in and it was virtually back to the original shade.
For people looking for legitimate animal rescue videos. Hope for Paws have been doing it for years and are a legitimate organization that has rescued and continues to rescue thousands of animals.
Honey wake up quickly, there's another episode of that hot lady that does cooking.
How is all this whipping and stuff "easier" then adding more food coloring?
I bet there are sites to look up how genuine a rescue organisation is. Good rescuers also explain things like where the money goes, where they are located and often have websites explaining more details etc.. I know comments who call fake rescuers out will probably be deleted but if at least a few people read it and look into it it already helps. And well educating ourselves about the propper handling of animals. Fake rescuers probably handle the animals wrong a lot of times.
Never use paper straws. They are horrible. You can get a pack of 4 reusable stainless steel straws from coles for something like $5.
Ann you literally hosts the most unproblematic and no drama just pure scientific facts channel on the whole platform and I'm so glad you are disfussing the fuss proactively instead of jumping right in for more views like some other channels would do...always always love your content!❤️❤️
There is a fun, and real experiment with a battery, 2 magnets and long coil of copper wire. Just search ‘Simplest electric train’
Lol Appreciate Dave sacrificing his tongue for science.
If you want to have a darker European buttercream you can microwave some and break the emulsion. Then you'd have to mix the melted in, let it chill for some time and remix.
I definately learned something. I always thought the potatoe hack was true.
Could the loss of frosting volume be that Ann used a meringue?  After the emulsion blender than back to whipped could've broken the eggs portion so it's not as fluffy.
When she began to address the people in the comments of the last video I got a little nervous. People were really standing up for the original creator but Ann's reasoning is logical. So, I thought about trying it. And when she mentioned that her viewers should do it I was glad she had the same idea. Science is much better when the experiment is run more times.
The potato trick is sort of legit though, just not the video shows it. If anything is too salty you add in a potato or tomato.  It doesn't "soak" up the salt, but just adds more volume to the dish so the salt disperses a little more evenly.
#Experiment As for the whipping the frosting. What kind of food dye did she use; Gel, lipid, or liquid based? That could also be playing a role in different outcomes
huh, isn't putting potatoes into salty dishes to absorb some of the salt one of the oldest hacks?
filipino adobo uses vinegar and sugar too since adobo requires soy sauce. Now I know not to skip on those two ingredients lol
Hahaha poor Dave 😂
That turtle guy wasn’t even scraping off barnacles, it was just rocks and seashells…
Dave is just the chillest of dudes...  - Dave, drink this glass of salt water - ok - Dave, try this thing that looks like pee - alright - Yo, Dave, fancy some hot chocolate water? - don't mind if I do!
I feel like the microwave-egg explosion will be part of every HTCT video soon lol!
Sometimes I feel bad for Dave, but then he gets to eat Anne's proper cooking.
Could the change in color be how long it was exposed to air? I have found my frosting changes color if it is exposed to air longer. The darker frosting tend to darken.
I did *NOT* expect a WillyMac + Ann Reardon collab, at all. Is this the start of Ann Reardon entering commentary?
Anne you made Italian merengue butter cream, not Swiss but that’s not going to have an impact on the colour depth issue. I think the “truth” is somewhat in the middle. Colour will intensify and then get lighter again resulting in a shade in between.
Poor Dave was so excited for ACTUAL chocolate mousse… and the disappointment was so visible
When I was a kid, I had no idea about the exploding egg thing and decided to microwave an Easter egg we'd colored and kept in the fridge because I preferred them warm. I bit into it and spent about the next year hiding the massive black burns on my face
I’ve gained more safety tips from this channel than any other.
OMG I never knew that fake animal rescue videos were even a thing!! WTH!!
Dave needs a special segment called, “Do I have to eat that?”  He’s a trooper!😻
Scam websites claiming to sell pets like Kitty’s Landing are worse than the fake YT animal vids. Even after reporting the sites they aren’t taken down leaving  unsuspecting victims to continue to fall prey.
i don't tend to watch animal rescue videos in general, but i think the best solution is to just only watch channels that you have independently verified are a legitimate animal welfare organization - the SPCA or a licensed veterinarian or some other group that you can confirm is actually working as a charity and not just some random yahoo with a camera and a glue gun. also use a bit of critical thinking, i mean not only could you see the hot glue but it was obviously just a bunch of rocks, not even barnacles. also most barnacles aren't even harmful to (actual) sea turtles, so there's no need to "rescue" them from it in the first place.
the best solution for the animal abuse videos is to just go thru the channel first. if you see a certain dog or cat/whatever animal at least twice, click away.
I remember the "battery and spoons" thing from an episode of _Two Truths and a Trash._
I hate these view hungry people. Should be charged with digital fraud and punished.
Unfortunately I think the only way to stop the fake rescue videos is to ban them all. Which sucks because legit rescues need views but all I can think is that they should try making other kinds of videos than just the actual rescue being documented. Which is far less click friendly but there are still successful cute animal story videos, specifically about animals that were fostered or adopted!
#experiment - I don't need to "re-run" this.  I am 55 yo and have been baking since I was 14. I had a frosting color "fail" early on and learned this very valuable lesson.  So just add more coloring!
I love how you handled this! This is why I love you so much. You're so graceful and respectful and fair in your reply and how you managed this.
I admire how your husband is will to  try your stuff. I would be very scared LOL
The potato trick works only when you cook that potato through the gravy you could replace it with  scrapped coconut which  has a similar effect but also nothing beyond a certain limit can be put to save it , for sweets if someone happens to put salt instead of sugar add in roasted mawa(evaporated milk solids)to save the day.
The potato hack does work but you need at least the entire potato in slices for it to have any effect. If it's very salty you will need even more potato, so it is usually not worth the effort.
That fake animal rescue stuff is the worst
The food colouring thing is just ridiculous, do people just think pigment magically appears? Its not scientific method but the fact she even confirms the volume change, youre spreading a finite amount of pigment across a greater/lesser surface area for lighter/darker concentration.
You are a beacon of hope in this swamp of social media clout. I wish that short form videos would dissapear, as they always invite this type of stupidity. I hope that EU will set their foot down eventually to force these social media giants to take responsibility of the content in their apps. They can do it for mega corps, so they can do it for dangerous stunts as well, they just have no economic incentive
For salty sauce or stew, add a little sour cream after you finished cooking it. A couple of tablespoons will fix most normal over salting but do not cook it, it can split.
Hello Ann! Do you have tiktok? I think your words and awareness would spread faster in you have content in the actual platform. That egg trend needs to stop, seriously...
Dave is such a good guy❤ Love these videos, great info.  Thank you!
I wonder if you would get the same darkness of frosting by adding the same amount of coloring into whipped 500ml (500ml being Ann's measurement after blending) Idk if I explained well
Oh my, I didn't know turtles had nerve endings in their shells, that hot glue must have hurt a lot 😢
Animal rescue — I love ocean conservation Namibia. They’ve spent years rescuing seals entangled in netting and stuff.
Thank you so much for using your larger platform to highlight the issues raised by Dan. I had no idea that those videos were fake until he pointed them out. I am glad you are helping these issues come to the light and exposing these charlatans!
Dave is awesome! He’s always willing to be the Guinea pig and try something for the channel.
Adding a potato to remove saltiness has been a "life hack" for like 30 years where I live! I've never tried it because it sounded like nonsense lol
I just really appreciate what you do ❤ thanks 😊
another reminder how dangerous and harmful these "engagement" maximizing algorithms are...
I love how you bring up serious ethical and safety issues in these videos. If it was just "look 5 minute crafts recipe fake" for the 10th time it would get boring pretty fast but you give these videos so much more depth
Wow!  Thanks for reporting on fake rescue videos, Ann.  I did not realize they were so common.  Honestly, some people will do anything (except produce genuinely valuable content) to get those clicks.  If they put half the effort into creating good content, they'd probably do better than they do now, especially considering they have to worry about being reported.    Thinking back, there have been several times when I have thought it was awfully convenient that this person or people happened along in time to save this animal... now I wonder if those were fake.  I do follow a few genuine animal rescuers (HopeForPaws being the biggest) and they always follow up on their rescues, plus explain how they learned of the animal's plight.  Perhaps those are good tips for knowing if a rescue is genuine.  BTW, Hope For Paws was started by one man more than 10 years ago, rescuing dogs on the street of Los Angeles, California.  Initially, he made all his own videos, as he rescued dogs that were homeless.  Then he took them to the vet and found them a home or a foster where they could live well until they found their forever home.  I say all this by way of  example of what to look for with genuine videos.  Except for those rescuing wild animals, it is normal to include follow-up and care as part of it.  Most people want to.
I remember the puppy stuck in tar video’s, I knew instantly that it was fake. I reported it to YouTube, I tried to contact them in every way but I couldn’t get through to them to put a stop to those videos and that channel. I do think that if YouTube actually put a specific place to report the animal torture channels I could get rid of most of them, I have the time to search  for them and I’ve seen so many real rescue channels that I can tell if they’re actually animal abuse videos instead. I found the YouTube lack of response so disheartening that I had to stop watching all rescue channels accept for the ones that I “know” are real
Dave must have a cast iron stomach.  Salt and vinegar... also works as a purge 😂   what a hero, your husband Ann !
Oh wow, I went and saw that Instagram rebuttal, and they sure are upset over there, huh?
The second I saw the glasses, I thought to myself "Poor Dave"
Here in Brazil feijoada is a dish you can easily make it salty if you're not careful, older people uses guaraná soda and oranges to make it less salty lol for me the best way is to save it is to simply cook more unsalted beans and add it to the salty feijoada
the one thing that people seem to be ignoring about the frosting is HOW MUCH darker the frosting was in the original video. soooo much darker. So much that I'm certain she added more food colouring inbetween. Because even when you showed that "It does in fact go darker with the blender!", your frosting didn't go from pastel to vibrant like hers did, but even more suspiciously, the picture you showed in this video where she apparently re-did the whole experiment looks completely different, with a colour difference that looks much more like what you got when you tried that method and doesn't look anything like her first video.
I was binge watching the series... Thank you for the new episode
Dave going forward and back for the science despite knowing how salty it all is, MVP moves there
when the exploding  egg trend started i just KNEW it would make it into your next debunking video !!
I recently had a school debating event, and the topic was about needing a lisense to access the internet. I used a lot of the points i learnt from watching your videos, including the dangerous eggs and spread of misinformation. Keep up the amazing work, Ann, you're amazing!!!!!
I just can't imagine that frosting thing being real... essentially you have coloured particles, when you bring them close together by removing the air, it seems darker. Then if you put the air back in, there's no reason for them not to "separate" again and become lighter due to the air in between!
Per the frosting videos - I noticed the response video said she re-whipped for 30 seconds while you re-whipped for 3 minutes. That's significantly different! I'd like to see everyone including how long they spent doing each mixing (whipping vs blender) step.
I'm not into Youtube drama either She lied, case closed.  Don't waste ingredients
I love how Ann 100% knows shes right, and even so instead of calling out the youtuber for lying she's asking us to do the experiment ourselves so there are more data points so she can still put across the other results as just an anomaly. Super considerate, I know I wouldn't be if I knew someone was lying for views, that's why Ann is a better person than a lot of us!
Ok, so I only got a bit of the Sugarologie vs How to Cook That bustup - but I'm sure the difference was that Adriana microwaved her frosting for a few seconds and then whipped it back up to retain the colour. She didn't use a blender as far as I remember. When you melt the frosting, the colour molucules get absorbed into the fat molucules, rather than just sit suspended between them - so please Ann, what you need to do is follow her instructions exactly. Make the frosting (whichever type she made), melt it for whichever amount of time she melted it and then rewhip it. Don't use a blender, as that only acts on the air content, you are right - you need to apply heat first to maintain the colour depth.
Well the potato hack actually works and I also got it from granny. It's pretty common here in Germany and I used it several times. When you over salted soup or sauce you put a whole peeled potato into it and let it cook together, not just a slice of potato. It has never failed me thus far. I don't know if the potato actually absorbs the salt or if the starch does something to the flavour or binds some salty water making our taste buds less likely to taste Salt or whatever. But it somehow works. Maybe you should try it with an actual meal and a whole potato. Actual cooking and life are not like straight laboratory conditions 🤷‍♂️
Can I add chocolate/coco powder/sugar to that ginger thing, and if so how much?
Cool
#experment I ran the exact same experiment. I use the exact same volume as you did to be easier.  Nope unfortunately I could not get the same volume or the same color. My results were the same as yours Ann. Oh, and are used a handmixer.
Dave is a real trooper ❣️ Thanks for all you do, Ann and Dave ❤
For the mouse you can try also with aquafaba! But the steps are the same as a regular mouse. Not melting the choco into the liquid.
Thanks Ann! I always love watching your videos. Will the ginger milk pudding work with skimmed milk?
YAY!
The only way I know to reduce the overall saltiness is to add more of basically everything else 😅 You may end up with lots more food, but at least the flavor is balanced! Love the idea of the group experiment
Who needs a refractometer when you can just make your husband drink saltwater.
Lady Ann, destroying fake tiktoks one bullsh*t at a time. The world needs more of you.
Not sure which is more fun to watch, the actual debunking or all the stuff Dave goes through.
The ginger milk pudding looks like the same thing as junket just ginger flavoured
My grandfather wore a stocking cap to sleep because he believed that if the light from the moon would strike your head when you slept it could cause you to become a 'lunatic.'   Which is the etymology of the word as taught by medieval Christians and became folk-lore for over a 1,000 years only dying-out in the last century.   Just because your grandparents believed something doesn't make it true.  Nana and Gramps had a lot of silly beliefs.
I think what we need is to create and promote a not-debunking trend, like, not having a series for debunking lies which are plentiful and obvious. A bunking series. Where you take a look at GOOD and HELPFUL things, and explain the science behind what makes them work. The opposite of mythbusters. Truthfillers. Yes this is a thing that works as advertised, here is how it does it
Ann Reardon - hero of debunking 🥰 thank you for all your videos and your husband for being a Guinea pig 🤣 and I trust you 😄
Best internet mum, lookes after your tum and keeps you safe!
Forgive me if any of my ignorance of physics, it's been some time so feel free to correct me, but Adreanna's results seem to be defying the conservation of mass. Adding air increases volume. You should not be able maintain the density of pigmentation (hence the shade of color) over a larger volume. Hence why the initial hand blending experiment resulted in a deeper shade, due to higher pigment density over a reduced volume.  I call shenanigans...
The "2 ingredient mousse" is just called "Spanish-style chocolate" (water, pure cocoa powder, a bit of salt and cinnamon optional). The French-style chocolate is made with milk.
You could literally just whip some whip cream and add melted chocolate to it to make mousse
I wish Anne's videos were filmed with as loud a volume as other videos I watch. It's very jarring when a video changes and you can tell a big difference. I have to rush to change the volume.
Hi Ann, my wife and I love your videos and we have your signed book. It would be great if you could debunk some common myths like MSG being bad for you or the iron content in spinach. Thanks!
The fake animal rescue videos make me so mad every time I see them on my feed that I make sure to double check the source of who's posting.
Not sure if the fact that Adriana was using a different pigment might also have an effect in the final outcome?
Pretty please adopt me Ann
My first suspicion with the buttercream would actually be the atmospheric properties of the kitchen. Not only would something like the temperature affect the icing itself, especially less stable types than Swiss buttercream, but edible dyes are normally so brightly coloured because of chemical groups called chromophores. Chromophores need to be optically active (to change the white light that hits them into the coloured light we see), and that oftens makes them at least a little bit chemically reactive too. So differences in temperature, altitude, ventilation and of course the exact dye composition used could lead to teeny tiny transformations in the dye itself from reactions with oxygen in the air, especially since it's standing for so long and getting so much energetic whipping.  It'd be interesting to explore further, but also it seems like, for most bakers, it wouldn't be worth the trouble of whipping, blending and rewhipping to get a more intense colour when you could just add another drop or two, or use a more intense dye. I can't imagine a commercial kitchen ever doing it this way, at least!
Poor bloke, drinking all that salty water. I hope he's got his tastebuds back. 🤣
Another great video. I love ginger milk pudding here in China - it is delicious. That exploding egg craze is dangerous, I have told them on some wechat videos. Thanks for all your information.
The fact that people are harming innocent creatures for views is quite disturbing
The potato "hack" is something I actually know from my grandma, but they got it wrong. Potatoes require a fairly big amount of salt, so you just add potatoes to the dish, period. Since you're cooking them together with your stew you can save some salt (that used to be expensive in the olden days) and control the final taste by changing proportions of salt to everything else in one pot. But no, potatoes don't magically absorb salt and make it disappear, they just go well with salty sauces :P. Ann's method with simply increasing the balance between sweet, sour and salty to cheat your senses is much better.
Heh. The Aspartame stuff is very known to me. I only drink light drinks (mostly Coke Zero), and have known for years how to handle straws with those drinks. Learned it the hard way, of course, but still. When you get those bubbles into your mouth, it feels quite funny. Those fake rescuing videos... I had no idea that those even existed, but at the same time I'm not even surprised about how cruel some people can be.
😂greeting from ohio!!
you don’t know how glad i am to see this in my subscription feed! great video
No need to test the frosting, it's an extraoridinary claim that it can affect the pigmentation by unwhipping and rewhipping. If they can rigourously prove it then it's a huge discovery and they can have the acclaim.
I'm more excited for your videos than most netflix content nowadays. Love the debunking videos.Thank you Ann!
People told me to add tomatoes if I accidentally added too much salt 🤔🤔
Didn't even know drama was happening, cause I don't usually read comments, but watching the respoonse video, I don't really get why she got so analytical with numbers on the second part of the video with the beakers and volume, when she doesn't show if she whipped the frosting back to the same (or comparable) volume when doing the first part of the video comparing the colors. It's just weird to me. There are even some parts of the video where she claims the whipped frosting is darker, and it just... doesn't look darker to me at all in some parts? Say the first swatches or the screenshot from Ann's video.
One thing I have been seeing on YouTube is a canned cinnamon roll hack that if you cover them with milk, they come out fluffier etc... I am skeptical about it and would like to see if it actually works... Would make a good subject for how to cook the.
In my recent experience making mousse, hand mixers are way more aggressive at whipping in air than the stand mixer I had used before. My money is that *that's* the technical difference between your and Sugarologie's re-whipping, if any; the RPMs and size of the mixer blades would have to be comparable just like the other factors.  I know that homogeneity can have a dramatic effect on optical properties and this should be no different for frosting. On the other hand, unless we're certain the same mass of air has been re-added we can't say the frosting has been re-whipped at all.   Your volume measurement is a much wiser choice than mass in this case because the 100mL of air you lose is only ~0.15g, an amount that could easily be hidden by what's lost to tools/transfers. If that volume can't be regained by whipping then it's impossible to say that the color change is kept, so the onus is on Sugarologie/the viewer experimenters to make sure they are able to get close to the original volume after mixing before they evaluate the color. Notably, despite Sugarologie's otherwise meticulous response in her video she's clearly not monitoring volume (and density by extension), the frosting is in an ordinary bowl and mass-measured at the point of adding coloring but before any mixing has occurred; this is a flaw.
People exploding eggs by putting them in the microwave are idiots, I'm so sorry. Don't do it.
Your chocolate mousse is a good alternative for people who are lactose intolerant like me. 😊🍫 For the kids with the exploding eggs that makes me so angry not because it's dangerous but because eggs are ridiculously expensive and I hate people wasting food while others are going hungry. It's despicable.
Tho potato thing is a godsend sometimes. A lot of Czech dishes (and other Central/Eastern European dishes) can be made less salty by adding potato chunks (not one thinish slice tho) or pieces of bread. We're adding volume and matter to the stew/goulash/whatever and it works. It works on too spicy food as well. To a degree tho, sometimes you just gotta double the recipe and deal with a giant pot of food.
Oh Dear... Not the Sugarologie stans again.
For the fake rescue videos, if there's no part of the video that's dedicated to seeing/showcasing a trained veterinarian doing their job or is shot inside a hospital where the animal is getting professional care i'd report it. It's easy to fake DIY first aid and care but it takes too much effort to fake giving an IV shot or X-ray scan.
I saw a video from some health nut claiming that you should avoid ionised salt a few days ago. The person clearly didnt know iodine is essential for bodily function and goitres were prollific before we started adding it to salt. There's just so much garbage being passed off as science and tips online. For anyone who reads this, please use iodised salt!
High meat! You need to talk about high meat!
Nice video as usual. Not a Swiss merci hue but an Italian one though 😉
I apologise if I am wrong, but I noticed a small error, you said you made swiss meringue buttercream, but described the process for italian meringue buttercream. Love your videos, they are always fantastic.
I appreciate your elegant solution to people attempting to create drama. Throwing my hat in the ring, your results make sense, there is logic and science behind it and it is replicable at home. I have no idea who the other individual is, but I don't see them offering an explanation as to why the color would magically stay darker when re-whipped. It is kind of bizarre to double-down on something easily disproven, but sometimes it's hard to admit when you're wrong, I suppose.  I can't handle any of the fake animal rescue things. I'm suspicious of all of them unless it's on an SPCA-like channel. When I've had to rescue animals, my first thought is not to record the whole thing! It delays helping the poor creature for one's own selfishness. When animals are being rescued by official teams, they often have an extra person around to film, which makes sense. If an animal rescue video only features one or two humans, be wary. In my mind, they are at the very least putting views above the animal's needs, and they are usually the ones to fake it. They will leave the animal in distress longer while they get "better shots." If these one or two people have multiple "rescue" videos on their channel, they are almost certainly faking it. They tend to be from areas with high populations of stray animals that they abuse and toss away. Some will even use the same animals more than once. Just some things to keep in mind.
At least the watery chocolate mousse was nice to rehydrate Dave after all that salt water!
To me this makes absolutely zero sense “Once the color got brighter, just re-whip it again”. What?!  The color is brighter BECAUSE there is less air, so there is more dye per volume of frosting. If you just reintroduce the air, then of course the color will go dull again.  That other person is probably lying.
薑汁撞奶(ginger milk curd) is a traditional dessert in Hong Kong and Canto area, surprised to hear some Cantonese in Ann's video! It's junior level science here but I guess it's not the case for rest of the world if someone thinks it's fake 😂Besides temperature and old ginger, another thing is buffalo milk works better than cow milk.
ANN! the first hack definitely works my mom would always make pickle jars and sometimes they turn out too salty then she puts some potato slices and keeps them few days then the pickles lose a lot of their saltiness, i think the woman in the video just recommended a tiny amount of time it didn’t give the potato slice time to absorb the salt but i can confirm that it definitely works
I’ve already seen the TikTok‘s with kids copying it makes me mad. Because most of these people don’t write that this is a stupid thing to do in the tag of their tick-tock‘s.
the potato does not absorb the salt, but adding potatoes to food like stews can make an oversalted stew taste okay since , first, you have more food with the same amount of salt and also you now eat potatoes as well in the stew, which we expect to have salt with them, and they kinda sorta work as a pallet clenser
My mom had a microwaved egg pop (her's was cracked) and got a burn/blister on her face from it. She did it on accident years ago and hasn't put an egg in the microwave since.
The picture of vinegar you used is the same we use!  We have to use it every day, actually, because I have to put my mouthguard in a mixture of water, vinegar, and baking soda to clean it.  We go through vinegar MUCH faster than we used to, as a result. Edit: Honestly, the difference in colour with the meringue butter cream wasn't significance enough for me to think that it's worth losing the texture for a tiny bit darker hue of orange.
It's always a great day when you post a video, thank you! <3
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Loved you mentioning the fake animal rescue videos. Ive seen them pop up a for a long time and told friends and family to avoid them, since reporting them has no use.. I always get the same response: its not against their guidelines.
Potato and salts always works with cooking, if the food/rice was salty .. adding potato always helps the case
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Could you please create a 3D bluey cake.
Well done recreating the chocolate 'mousse' recipe shot-for-shot. Quite funny watching it fall flat on its face.
❤🎉
TikTok: providing a rich opportunity to lie to millions of people. Because… lying is GOOD?  I could understand someone believing that TikTok was invented by the Devil, although we humans are quite bad enough to create it entirely on our own.
Potato hack actually works this is used  by many women in India to get flavour right for the curries or gravies which they have over salted. You need to use a whole potato & the potato needs to boil upto the level that it can be mashed. We also use chapati/roti dough as well but that sometimes changes the flavour so my preference is a potato. And try the hack with a proper dish rather than just water & a simple slice of potato that doesn't properly get cooked.
I think in terms of sorting the fake rescue videos from the real, the most we can ask is people exercising caution and thinking critically about the videos they watch - that, and checking the official sources (see a rescue video, check if theyre claiming to be a real rescue, look for the rescue itself)
When I saw the eggs cooked in the microwave trend again I rolled my eyes like shouldn't they of watched your videos already??
Man ..😢 you truly can't trust anything or anymore these days. Terrible. I hate people that use and abuse animals te gain money
Wow. Dave was such a good sport again. I was going to go and find some batteries, hah haa. I'll be looking forward seeing people testing the frosting color hack.
Potato can actually absorb liquid through osmosis, but in salty sauce, it's gonna be the one losing liquid instead of the sauce lol
Bless Dave! I love how he’s so supportive of Anne & such a good sport.
I thought the woman who responded to the icing video did so in a really agressive way ngl — I love the grace that Ann radiates 😎
8:26 Electroboom would be enraged
How is that battery thing even supposed to work? The batteries aren't even making contact on the negative terminals with the curvature of the spoons, and the positive is connected to nothing at all. What you have is 4 spoons and 4 batteries, not a circuit XD
He is a good and brave man 😂
I feel so sorry for the pups and dog in the melted rubber. I actually saw that vid and immediately disliked it. It looks fake and it is fake!!!!
taking advantage of a person's empathy to get money by harming animals to "rescue" them is a new level of sick to me
I don't think the salt water test debunks it because like he said, he was overwhelmed by the pure salt taste. You should have done it in broth or tomato sauce
BABE WAKE UP NEW ANN REARDON VIDEO JUST DROPPED
My mother, a Filipina, also told me that potatoes soaks up the salt in foods so if we are cooking something with potatoes we need to add more salt... now I'm sad because apparently it's not true.
Always makes my morning when there’s a new H2CT video !
dave has the most powerful digestive system
Thorough report as always and good on you for “rising above it all” 😉 😘
Hey Anne my friend bought a microwave egg poacher; after I showed her your video on exploding eggs we looked but couldnt find any mention of eggs cooked in these exploding but we also couldn't find any reason why it would be safer either. She returned it rather than risk it but I was wondering if you knew anything about these products- there are a lot of them around.
The egg… I remember a while ago I was with a friend and they put the egg in the microwave, and I stopped them saying “Trust me when I say it will explode, I’ll send you the video, but I’ll make you eggs just don’t put it in the microwave.”   I’m so glad I stopped them before they heated it… so seeing the spike in these videos has me fairly concerned
If it was about the dye getting into the water part of the frosting that makes it darker and not knocking out the air, then a swiss buttercream with egg whites in it should always be deeper in color due to the higher water content. Also air clearly is the main factor making the frosting pale, just like how butter can go from deep yellow to off white after whipping it.
I love your response to internet "drama". It's so refreshing to see someone not have a long drawn out response video where there's asmr or frustration. Not to say it's never warrented. It just feels like I see it on almost every channel, and your response was so different.
14:43 “if a piece of hot egg flies into your eye…” you deserve it lol  play stupid games, win stupid prizes
People who risk ther health for clicks need to feel how dumb they are.
The frosting thing isn't what I would call a "hack".  To me a hack is something that helps you in some way, like reducing time or materials etc.  I agree with you on just add more coloring.  It's almost a "duh" moment lol.  Sometimes I think people are just bored and feel the need to come up with crazy crap to get views and make money.  I love your videos!
I feel like Swiss merengue buttercream isn't the right frosting to go with if you want a super saturated color. Use that for the fluffy background and then sprinkles or something for the saturated colors. This is a weird debate to even have.
Great video Ann, cheers...
Love you Ann, I’m so grateful for these videos and I’m learning so much <3
I love how respectable you are, I almost want to try out the whipping cream experiment myself! I could ask my mom or something
This is the same thing that was going on with the monkey videos that so many of us were getting so upset over and reporting. These videographers were putting monkeys purposely in a bag hanging from a tree and then rescuing it. Then they would proceed to have one that hurt themselves and bringing it back to their home then putting it in a cage and the animals end up dying, many of them passed away or should I say they were killed. They would say they brought them to an animal clinic that just didn’t exist in that area or a rescue which there are none in that vicinity. It was really sad and it’s still going on to this day,  they have to keep changing the name of their channel because it keeps getting shut down but they keep coming right back with other names. Then you have these vultures in the comments that are telling them how wonderful they are and thank you for saving them and on and on and they just will not believe what’s going on. There have been videos of them beating the monkeys just to make the videos, so they have been caught by other videographers and proved to be doing this but unfortunately new viewers come on and they just don’t believe it.
Have a great weekend Annn
Not me searching for experiment results 1hr after the video is up (I’m used to catching her videos hours or sometimes even a few days after) 😂😂 I definitely want to try it but am not currently in a position to do so, I have heard some people say with certain frostings melting it and rewhipping it helps darken or keep dark color. Something to try
Expecting the colour to stay dark when the volume increases is equivalent to designing a perpetual motion machine.
Poor turtles. These are the new dog rescue videos :( such a shame.
For the potato thing. Ann was recreating what the video is doing. The other person also just put a sliver of a potato.  Yes, I understand that the "hack" can work but not how the other person, kind of demonstrated. My mother somewhat did this as well, as a homecook would usually do. But you are "removing" the saltiness by adding more food into it, so you are diluting the accidental salt by just increasing the volume of other components.
Its heartbreaking seeing animals being abused just for views... the worst part is if the video or account isnt taken down it will only get hate comments which would just make it more favourable to the algorithm and only benefit the creator :/
Regarding the fake animal rescue videos - I only watch videos by well-known verified channels. If Youtube then starts recommending similar videos by dubious "rescue" channels, I am very liberal with the "Don't recommend videos by this channel anymore" button. Much more effective than my own self control vs. puppy clickbait.
Thank you for keep spreading awareness of this fake "hack" videos with explanation and actual study reference material and facts. More ppl need to see your videos and realise how problematic they are.
Yeah. I think the addition of potatoes in overly salty soups works but not sauces. I don't think it magically reduces it's salt levels. But, potatoes can take on a good bit of seasoning.
Love the video, Ann, and especially grateful for the information about fake animal rescues. That had honestly never occurred to me before, but it does make sense (and of course is a terrible thing to do).  I do think if people want to watch animal rescues, the best thing to do is find a reputable organisation and follow them to see real videos.  I follow Ocean Conservation Namibia, who rescue seals from being trapped by ocean debris. It’s horrifying to see the effects of all the trash in the ocean, and helps motivate me to pick up rubbish when I see it on the street, to keep it out of our drains and the ocean.
Thank you so much, Ann, for bringing awareness about those fake turtle “rescue” videos.   They kept showing up in my feed for a while and on some of them, I could tell from the thumbnail alone that they were glueing things to the turtles’ shells.  (Things like barnacle shells stuck to freshwater turtles.)  It’s sickening that people do this.  It’s one thing when there’s videos of people rescuing a wild animal but inadvertently doing it or the species/environment harm in the process.  That comes from a place of genuinely caring and wanting to help, and can be fixed with a little education.  But when people _actively harm_ animals just for clicks or clout or the tiny chance they’ll make money, how do you fix that? Especially when the various platforms are slow to respond to videos of animal abuse when it’s blatant, let alone when it’s disguised as “rescue”.
The worst of the fake animal rescues I've run over are people glueing baracles to FRESH WATER turtles and then THROWING THEM IN THE SEA.
And I thought the biggest problem is people faking an injury/deliberately making a scene somewhere in public in order to get views.
Seeing a new video from you in my feed always brightens my day, keep up the amazing work <3 And Dave truly is a trooper who drinks salt water and water flavored with chocolate. Y'all are great!
I'm quite torn on my fav part of this channel, Dave and the children being up for trying anything is amazing but the chef in me loves it when Ann reminds the audience that cooking is really all about science
I think the answer to fake animal rescues may be to follow legitimate animal channels, and not to click on rescue videos outside of your subscriptions. They might not have that type of video all the time, but the other content is good too! One of my favorites is Kitten Lady, who fosters cats and specializes in neonates!
I appreciate seeing Dave drink cold chocolate water after having to taste 3 cups of salt water and salt-vinegar-sugar water
My mom always used potato (not just a piece though) to balance the salt when the sauce was too salty, or she'd remove part of the sauce and add water.
hmmm when it comes to the first hack, i know for a fact my family uses it. Whenever my mum made "bacalao" from norweigan cod (that's preserved in salt) and she didn;t get rid of enough salt by soaking, she'd add 2-3 big potatoes and imo that always did the trick. but she'd leave them simmering for a while and she'd sometimes have to add more.
Absolutely disgusted by the fake animal rescue videos. What wretched people. Thank you for the info.
Dave is such a good sport.
I only watch rescue videos on channels dedicated to animal rescue and foster care, like Kitten Lady, Flatbush Cats, etc. Most of them are not nearly as exciting as the viral stuff, but you know they're not faked and you learn important information as well. :)
Anytime Ann uploads, I know I'm about to learn something, and actually remember it
Interesting to learn that the potato trick is an old wives' tale!  I've heard it bandied about for years (I wonder if maybe what actually happens is that the potato - or apple since I've heard of the hack using them too - is releasing a starch or other *additive* flavour that helps balance/mask the salt taste in some use cases). Also props for handling the difference in results between another individually-run channel with such grace.  I know you copped some pretty bad-faith commenter behaviour on an earlier debunk for (very fairly) pointing out small flaws in another technique and I think it's a real class-act that you preemptively reached out to Adriana to compare notes and make sure no-one was set up to be on the receiving end of something like that.  Looking forward to seeing what comes of the mass experiment💜
Those poor animals.
I think the only practical way to avoid the animal abuse videos is to only watch videos from responsible sources and work your way out from there, ie if you see a video recommended by the dodo you run fast and far, whereas if you see something recommended by the rspca or other legitimate organisations there’s a better chance that it’s responsible. it’s never foolproof unfortunately but that’s the best solution I can think of  obviously the major issue with that is people not knowing what organisations are responsible and working for animal welfare, especially with organisations like peta spreading propaganda everywhere. the divisions among animal professionals and experts don’t help either - there is a lot of mis- and disinformation out there about animals and their welfare which makes it a minefield  honestly this just makes me think of the awful tiktok dog trainers who can supposedly cure reactivity by hanging dogs on prong collars and that kind of garbage. they get what look like instant results and people follow their lead, the same way thousands of people followed cesar millan’s lead as he almost single handedly set dog training back 20 years. it’s an uphill battle coming back from those things
I wish there was a ban hammer, fake and dangerous videos. YouTube has content ID so once a video has been up loaded it gets flagged ... Heck you YouTube could even recommend similar videos to the people that flagged the last one.  But YouTube doesn't work that way they want views; It's why YouTube kids is the way it is.
Fantastic as always 👌🎉
Dave always looks so nervous before tasting anything Ann hands him for these videos. 😂
The fake animal rescue one disgusted me to the core... I had no idea this existed, but how naïve of me to think it didn't. Humans can be so cruel and evil, but when it happens to the defenseless, it's just on another level... Great video as always Ann! You spread awareness, and that is so vital in this day and age. ❤
Can confirm. Hot coke makes it go much quicker.  When I was a kid, my mum ran a science activity at a camp I was at, and one of the experiments was around whether temperature made a difference. The cold one barely did anything, but the warm one went so high that it hit the tree (a very tall tree) above it.  People still talk about it
These videos are so underrated, there isnt many channels you can trust nowadays but Ann is one of the them!
I learned that potato thing from Hints From Heloise, which was a general household tips column in the 70s and 80s. Which makes me think it would be fun to do something like the 100 year old cookbook recipes, except test out the household hints they used to have.
You had me for a second Ann! I was about to jump out of bed and grab some spoons and a coin 🤣
I just love how Anne's cookbook is hiding in the background
I really appreciate how you don’t just debunk cooking videos anymore but, also bring awareness to so many other issues that cause harm to those trying these supposed “hacks”. Not to mention to false rescuing of animal.
I love chocolate water mousse, it's so easy and tasty <3 I also often do it with fresh orange juice instead of water and it's even better!
I don't understand how the food coloring hack is supposed to work. The pigment will spread out through the volume of the frosting, so more volume = less coloring. Unless there's some other reaction of the ingredients and the pigment (oxidation can lead to darker shades in meat for example).
My nan would swear by that adding potatoes to salty stuff 'hack' and would get personally insulted if you tried to correct her, this was up until 10 years ago before she passed away so its nothing new, just tiktok new. I think adding potatoes to something like a stew can make it taste less salty, but its only because you're adding some flavourless mass, not because its absorbing salt, same would happen if you just added more water.
Submerging a small net bag of uncooked rice will take saltiness out of liquid foods
As a baker and a chemist myself, I have tried this a few times in the kitchen in the past with the colour frosting. Incorporating air into frosting does make the colour lighter, and changing the volume of frosting you start with does not change this fact.  When they claim rewhipping frosting keeps the dark colour, it can be a few reasons they may have observed this.  - error of repeatable technique, aka they didn’t whip it again as long, the evenness of whipping.. etc  -the change of the temperature of frosting whipping after whipping   -rewhipping may after the blending may vary in time compare to originally whipping it on the first step.
I love when Dave gets to eat delicious things instead of horrifying science experiments 💖
i know people won't like it but my solution is to not watch any animal rescue video that is foreign in any way or has a robot voice or has no voice. basically every fake is fairly obviously from a poor country made by foreign people.
I don't get why you can't just add more colouring, it's not worth it to reduce then rewhip
the fake animal rescue videos have always bothered me literaly found a few years ago and I was like nah way this animal doesn't even live in such envoirment that you " found " it in ..   those videos are just one if not the most worst videos ever   all those poor animals
I was absolutely disgusted with the way Adriana reacted to your informative, non-biased video! So tacky the rude way she behaved. Made me IMMEDIATELY unsub; you show your true colors, I spend my YouTube currency elsewhere! 🤷🏼‍♀️
I'm so shocked about the turtles fake rescuing video. I live in coastal area and had a pet turtle. Sea turtles and land turtles are very different from one another. It's so sad to see people mistreating animals just for likes. Imagine having someone putting hot glue on your skin? It's crazy
I love the call for community science!!  the idea of adding a hashtag to the beginning of the comment is brilliant as well
If you're trying to save money by whipping the frosting into a darker colour instead of just adding more food colouring then you're forgetting about the extra electricity you're using to whip it.  😀
I remember a “rescue” video of a tortoise being tossed back in the water. Tortoises don’t live in the water like turtles do
Hi Ann! I have a question about the chocolate mousse... Why didn't the chocolate seize when combined with water? I thought chocolate and water were mortal enemies?
Ann being a legend and asking for data rather than upvotes! Much love to the aussie science queen from the US! ❤
Everyone: "Don't cook whole eggs in the microwave, it's dangerous!" Tiktokers: ".......... ok, let's try it"
Lol, the brown sugar and vinegar with the water is actually great as a salad dressing for cucumbers. But less salt.😅
I really wonder if potato thing is a mind trick when it's in the food and not simply water. Because I have heard of this hack before, and I have seen it used alas with a much larger potato. Would love for you to test it out with a meal and see if the taste is any different 🤔 Edit: SORRY DAVE IM JUST CURIOUS
Poor Dan
It's wierd seenig hacks that you've seen working being 'debunked'. The potato one works. Perhaps not with only salt and water, but on a soup or something of the kind works like a charm.
I really hope Dave had a tinny or two after working up a thirst with all those salty drinks!
I'm surprised the potato trick didn't work. It has for me in the past... But I've put the whole potato, skin and all, cut in half. Not just a small chunk.
Adding potatoes can adjust the salt, but you have to leave them in and you are basically just adding more things to use that salt
Not trying to add fuel to the fire or anything, but we all like to do experiments here. Another creator I saw about the frosting colour, was the microwave the frosting and then rewhip it to get a darker colour. I wonder if that works and If anyone In the comment is able to test it out.
these debunking videos are how the universe keeps in balance: dave gets to eat delicious cake, but also ends up drinking salt water 🤷
My siblings and I used to make a quick chocolate mousse dessert in a shot glass. Fill the glass no more than half way with a mixture of cream, cocoa powder, & sugar. Cover glass with palm and shake for a bit. A thick rich mousse quickly forms. That sounds so much easier than this recipe 😅
I have all the required tools to reproduce both your test and the original. I'll just need to collab with a neighbour that who bakes cakes. Can't pass on taste testing the results.
I really cannot believe that people are dumb enough to microwave an egg
Personally i use honey to fix too much salt
The potato trick does work, but not as your experiment went. First, you need more potato than that. Also, I did it some times with feijoada (a Brazilian dish), not just water, and it went ok
Dave seemed so relieved when the ginger pudding was good😭
I dont think you can blame tiktok for the first one, Im pretty sure that particular idea predates the internet  Anyway obviously the best way to 'remove' salt is to just.. add more of other ingredients. Which the potato could... quite plausibly accomplish, if you use enough of it
Hmm, I've not used the blender hack, but I have used the microwave hack to get darker colours. When doing the microwaving I was told to rewhip it to get the air back into it. One time I didn't because I was kinda painting with the butter cream and didn't care that the texture wasn't ideal. I'd already covered the cake in unmicrowaved buttercream. The second time though, I was trying to make crimson for cupcakes. it was a disaster. It was still summer in Australia (which I didn't factor in) and I couldn't get the icing to cool down again and could hardly get it to a workable consistency, let alone a good one!! So my hack would be - use light colours or LOADS of colouring as the base, as then just decorate with the darker colours where the texture and volume don't matter as much.
The egg in the microwave thing... maybe the internet was a mistake since everyones bad ideas can spread before the news reports of blinded children can be written.
Omg I'm sorry I haven't been so appalled, I realize I learn a whole lot more from you than those 'viral hacks'
Watching these videos always reminds me that most people do not spend their days reading up about things like chemical reactions in food.
The water chocolate 'mousse' works. You get a better texture if you use one of those co2 cartridge whipped cream makers than if you use a  mixer.
Maori people have been using potato to draw salt out of salt preserved mutton bird for centuries.... I'm confused. 😕
The potato one could work if the other ingriedients of the sauce (like fat) are involved... Potato absorbs salt and water, but not fat. I can recall me using this fact and it actually working, so idk
The potato absolutely works. But you need more and either cook it for longer or cut it into smaller pieces.
Honestly color is not going to magically increase. There is no way to increase volume and still have more dense colorant, without adding any more colorant of course.
Thank you and your family for your hard work and dedication to RELIABLE, REAL CONTENT ❤
I have a lot of respect for you doing a follow-up on the debate between your video and Sugarologie’s. I think a lot of commenters on your video and her response video were missing the main point that the hack worked (you’d get the darker colored frosting) but the reasoning was different from both creators.   I’m glad that you showed the experiment again with Swiss meringue buttercream and explained why American buttercream was your go to choice to highlight the results. And now, it’s basically up to us all to figure out how it works (which sounds like a fun way to spend a rainy day!) My main curiosity is how Sugarologie says it works best with SBC. But, similar to your cake rescue video, what if we made a bunch of different frostings and tested it out that way. This is what’s going to get me to buy an emersion blender this summer, isn’t it? 😅💕
If you can get fine bubbles out and bigger bubbles back in, the whitening effect from the bubbles would be less for the same volume of air, but the texturw might be worse
My mom usually just add sugar when things are too salty.  Ps: Shout out to Dave for always being the volunteer of Ann’s experiments for us..
poor turtles :(
LETS SUE ALL THESE FAKE ASSHOLES. I''m so sick of it.
Putting a potato into a pot to absorb some of the saltiness does work.  I have done this on numerous occasions but the potato has to more of a substantial size, not a tiny sliver.
❤❤❤ I love these videos
I'm 57 and my workmate is 62. We can remember paper straws from our childhood but don't recall them going soggy (or no where near as soggy) as the ones of today. Why is this ?  Oh neither of us drink diet soft drinks, then or now. 🤔
I’m still grossing out at the LEMON Coke. 🤮
I just wanted to pop in real quick and say this- plastic straws are NOT the big problem that you may have been lead to believe. The biggest plastic pollution comes from plastic fishing nets. The idea that straws are a massive source of pollution was put forth by fishing lobbies.   So don't feel bad using plastic straws, and make sure to talk to your local politicians about plastic pollution of all kinds and the grip lobbies have on laws and regulations!
what kind of psychopath drinks from a bottle with a straw anyway?
This is how the frosting wars begin...
So my wife is vegan and I am wondering if the ginger milk pudding could be made with a milk alternative. I might give it a go soon
I just want you to know when these come around it's a special day for me. I'll order my favorite food, pull up the video on my pc and enjoy a nice meal  while watching.
Obsessed with these videos so informative and interesting
Nice scientific content right there.
Totally worth the subscription just to watch Ann torture Dave for science!
11:25 mousse check!
Love you're debunking! Something very irrelevant, but I thought I mention it anyway, in case you want that tip: in this video, it looks like your face is way more yellow than your hands, making you look a bit washed out. Either it is unfortunate lightning, or your shade of foundation.  Anyway, maybe you want to adjust that. As you like 🙃
About the salthack, I have actually tested that once with a piece of stale bread, that actually worked.
My, Ann. All of your videos are so good, that I've now subscribed.
The potato one is quite common here in Brazil, although mostly used in soups and stews rather than simply desalting water
I have a two ingredient mouse recipe that’s as airy as a real mouse. Also I call it instant mouse because it can be made in a couple seconds. There’s a drink thickener product called Thick It, I combine heavy whipping cream with a large amount of thick it in the blender and after a couple pulse you have mouse. You can add other stuff like cocoa powder or flavorings too.
Ginger Milk pudding is definitely not a myth just by the mere fact that it's a known Asian dessert. I've tried it when I went to China and Philippines.
Those fake animal rescue videos are genuinely upsetting. I don't understand how anyone could do that just for damn clicks, it's truly monstrous. :(
Loved the cut to Dave with the discolored water "what am I drinking!?" 😂😂😂
*ANOTHER DEBUNKING VIDEO!!!!!! YAY!!!*
I like how Dave could place each water with a sea or ocean around the world. Pacific ocean vs. Dead Sea is very specific. 😁
I don’t know if anyone’s going to read this comment. But that cat channel “ThatLittlePuff” is a straight up rip off of another channel I believe called “Chef Cat ChangAn”, they started months if not years before TLP and used the same concept and same style of editing. Chef Cat never got viral on the YouTube algorithm because they had a Chinese channel name and it only improved after changing their name to English. Chef Cat used to do cooking videos that are actually working recipes, but now I’m not so sure.
Dave is the true hero of this series. my man here chugging salt water FOR SCIENCE.
ahh so happy to see that Dave liked the ginger milk pudding!! thanks for featuring it, Anne☺️
I love how nicely you interracted with the other channel regarding frosting. Nice to see respect rather than mud slinging.
We need more youtubers like this who just tell the truth with no ulterior motives ❤
"Please don't meme this!" Dave is too good for this world 😭 also those animal "rescues" and egg pranks triggered my fight or flight response
I'm really surprised the potato one didn't work because that's what my mom, grandma amd most people on my country do and that's a very old hack that works. But I think it works on curry or the size of the potato has something to do with it. 😅
It's heartbreaking to see what people will do for views these days. Pranking unsuspecting people with potential third degree burns is reprehensible.
Lmao don't go toe to toe with Ann Reardon. 😂 You're gonna lose that fight. Just take your subpar buttercream and get lost.
Unless the food dye is reacting with the air or frosting themselves (& becoming darker though such a process) then whipping it up should *always* make it lighter - you're taking the same amount of food dye & dispersing it through a larger volume of something that is itself lightly coloured (butter/meringue/cream cheese etc) - this necessarily means thinning it out & a lighter overall appearance.
I have never had a problem heating eggs in the microwave, but since seeing all your videos i will never do it again! 😮
I had to stop my dad from microwaving eggs. He was doing it for a little over a week before I showed him your video. Thankfully he didn't get hurt and nothing bad happened
I really love that you debunk videos and make awareness of all the fake videos out there and since I’ve watched you for years I know that your not doing this for the views or the drama I’m glad I’m still learning new things from you and that you tell the people what’s the real truth
that cholate one is a little sad, just show less water in the glass and it would have been the same video!
I hate animal rescue videos real or fake for the most part. Who sees an animal (or human) in trouble and thinks to pull their phone out first? Help before filming. That’s all I’m saying.
Imagine endlessly salting your stew because the potatoes in the stew keep neutralising the salt. 😂🥔
Shout-out to Dave, the unsung hero of food science debunking videos
You handled the animal abuse problem very elegantly, thank you.  I doubt they will fix the problem. It’s easier to police other areas than it is to sit and watch an endless stream of animal abuse content.
Anne out here taking no shit, she knows she’s right but is way to polite to actively say
Wouldn't it be better if you drink water before tasting another salty drink tho so you could maybe judge the saltiness better?
I love your videos, you are so positive but in this calm , natural, not clowny way, your husband is kind and funny and kids ... you all are so natural and kind.  I love  your family :)
I don't have to do the experiment with the frosting to know that she is leaving something out. Science of confectionary tells you that it will get light again. Air makes things whiter, hence pulling uncolored sugar candy makes it white, and why your translucent hairs interspersed with darker hairs, looks great (same science, but not eating). Lol
that ginger milk pudding is my CHILDHOOD omg i want it so badly now
I became more and more concerned with time about those animal "rescue" videos, I stopped watching it as I started to wonder how much of them are staged with hurt of animals :( :( :(
Anyone who's made candy, or seen it made, knows that working air into a sugar emulsion makes confections lighter. Her explanation also doesn't address why powder, water-based, and oil-based colors all become lighter in whipped frosting and darker when air is knocked out.
Hi Anne,   in regards to the colours and frosting,  from years of baking experience and experimenting with different products,  I'd have to agree with your results from the tests.  If you can re-whip frosting back to its original volume and have not added any extra colouring,   there should be the same ration of amount of colouring to volume of frosting and will be the lighter colour again.  From my findings it will only be more vibrant once blended, as with a lower volume, the concentration of colouring with the reduced volume is a lot higher which gives it its more vibrant appearance.  Its similar to how the foam and fizz on a carbonated drink (like the mentos/coke reaction in the video), a small amount is spread across a larger volume due to air bubbles.
This debunking video made my friday, thanks Ann!
Air scatters light in an emulsion. I don't even see the point in wasting the time/effort in this experiment when clearly this other person is wrong.  Whether they are being malicious in their ignorance to gain more views/attention or are just flat out not understanding how to carry out a simple volumetric measurement is something that's subjective.
Dave is always such a good sport 😂
Another amazing video. I can see that calling out hacks as fake can sometimes put you in the firing line, and you have a difficult job to both keep this as a positive, uplifting, informative space whilst also defending scientific method. So getting people to experiment is great!
Who else think TikTok should be age restricted? I've heard way too many stories about kids trying dangerous trends.  Where I live, a couple of years ago some kids started a fire in a supermarket by recreating a stupid TikTok trend.
Just wanna say great job Ann. I have loved your content for 10 years (i know hard to believe). You are very meticulous with your videos and it’s very appreciated in this day and age where unfortunately not everyone has the critical thinking skills to question what they see!
The first experiment was very interesting. It reminded me of one of the Nazi medical trials for which German personnel was tried and condemned in the Nuremberg Ärzteprozess. See, thirst proved such a huge problem for the Luftwaffe, because their pilots, shot down, could have been at sea, waiting rescue, without drinking water. An Austrian Nazi got the bright idea of trying to improve sea water and making it potable by adding the so-called Berkatit, which in reality, was just the cooked down dregs of commercial tomato canning. So, it did nothing more to the sea water than a cosmetic change. It did not remove the salt, just masked the taste, so on the long run, it made the prisoners (who were the unwilling subjects of the study, totally unethical) violently ill.
I am so happy that Ann's videos provide me with the perfect blend of science and food youtube. Keep learning, stay hungry!
I was a dumb kid after easter sunday. I was hungry, couldn't cook and wanted eggs. We'd dyed eggs and they were sitting all innocent in the fridge. Momma always said to just run them under hot water to heat them up. But i was young and impatient. I want them now. Couldn't have been in the microwave for more than a few seconds. I ate one egg without issue. When i went for the second, though, boom. It was in my hair, eyes, on my arms and face. Still, i was lucky that i didn't get seriously injured. Im so glad that you're raising awareness for this. Eggs just don't go in the microwave.
I can vouch for adding acid to disguise the taste of salt. I recently added one too many curry cubes to my katsu curry sauce and it was way too salty. Added a generous splash of lime juice and it tasted great!
Thank you so much for making these videos. Even adults need this info — your drowning is silent video helped protect my kids in the pool. Also, I found a family member microwaving water in order to boil it (for 10 minutes!) and was able to intervene before he burned himself. He used a smooth container, and bubbles never formed despite the heat.  Also, thank you for the explanation on the Coke Zero! I used to be a science teacher, and I used that demo to show that you can’t assume a chemical reaction just because of the bubbles. We always used diet soda simply to avoid the sticky-ness, so the aspartame info was very interesting and new to me!
I literally have zero desire to purposely do something that could injure me. People are so.. stupid.
I seem to recall a PSA vid you did a while back explaining the dangers of microwaving eggs, uncooked and cooked, but I might be misremembering.
I have no idea what the correct explanation is to the coloured frosting hack. But i applaud you for standing up for yourself and doing the experiment once again.
SortedFood have a really good hack for if you add too much salt: double your cooking batch. Dilute the salt out to a proper quantity, but if there’s too much, you’ll have to throw it away.
Dave; "I like it" that is not a comment I was expecting from any of the experiment :)
Not enough potato. This should be a whole large potato.
I knew Ann was right when It came to the wipped frosting trick
Oh poor Dave, agreeing to be a guinea pig despite knowing it'll be unpleasant.
Adrianas experiment and explanation was much more elaborate but it is after all about what we can do at home. And her recipes are still great in terms of taste and color, so I don't think either one is clearly right or wrong, it really needs further testing. I think she was a bit miffed about the simple explanation of 'it just knocks the air out' which she doesn't think is totally true.
Wow I'm early! Kia ora from across the ditch. I never miss a video ❤
Keep up the good work!  See you again in your next video!
Just wanted to say I love how sensible you are about things like the experiment with different results - never a call out that someone might be wrong/lying etc, just a calm and collected "try it for yourself". Trust scientist.
It's really a shame that youtube doesn't ban all these bullshit 5 min hack and animal rescue channels.
I have something to confess. We just watch your debunking videos to see your husband eating and drinking questionable things. We feel very sorry at the same time. You are both very charming people and we hope you do well. ;)
I have known the potato hack for so long, my grandma taught my mom, my mom taught me. And I think there should be some explanation for this because I always felt that potato dishes usually end up tasting bland and I need to add more salt than, for example, meat or other vegetables. It must be something about starches reacting to salt , however I searched online and there are are mixed opinions about this. I wonder if this could be related to the amount of potato, because the effect of "salt absorption" only happens when cooking something that has like 3 or more potatoes on it, either because of the added starch or because the added mass of potato with their "absorbent" qualities tend to even out with other ingredients. Anyway I think this would never work with a single slice of potato, the effect would be negligible.
I say we find those people sticking animals in hot burning rubber for clicks, then strip them naked and put them in hot burning rubber for clicks. See how they like it.
The potato do work, but not with plain water.
Your husband is just way too smart hehehe
Your rewhipped frosting is actually lighter than it originally started! 😂 I don't know how, but it definitely looks lighter to me!
I was a personal care attendant for a paralyzed woman in my youth. She asked for a warmed hard boiled egg. There were hard boiled eggs in the fridge so I used the microwave to heat it up and it exploded in my face when I cut into it. Ok, so it was incredibly stupid but in my defense I had been vegan for 12 years at the time and never owned a microwave.
Wow, this Ann Reardon person looks like she makes great food and also debunks things on the daily.
Nope, we know why she says that it works, she didnt want to be proven wrong
I don’t understand what the fuss is about all this rewhipping.  Surely another drop of food colouring would save time and effort and get the desired result.
Internet drama can be an absolute pain. I, of course, was one of the many people who saw your video and the other creator's video. It's great to see a follow-up but a part of me almost wishes it wasn't needed. Your first video did the experiment and brought up a point. You lose volume for a deeper color, or you lose the deeper color when you re-whip it. The amount of hate that was in the comments of your video and the other person's video toward you was crazy. Over a simple experiment. Even with them claiming you used the wrong buttercream, which makes sense that you did considering how difficult Swiss Meringue is, who would assume you would use that and then try to re-whip, the hate was unnecessary. Personally at the point of reading the comments of their video I didn't even care if you were wrong, because it took an innocent debunking video that had proof of the experiment, and turned it toxic. I like your follow-up and hope people do not do what they did to you and send hate to the other creator. Opening the experiment to others to try was a good way to de-fuse the situation. It took the attention off you and the other creator, and put it towards the importance of science and building an opinion not only on which creator you like better, but also on what you personally experience if you try to make the frosting. I personally hope the difference is something silly and neither creator is wrong or right.
5:21 you and the guy she told you not to worry about
Thank you for listening to feedback and revisiting the Sugarologie hack! I really respect the way you've handled this.
On Andreana's proof picture, the last frosting swath is too glossy compared to the first swath, this alone disproves that it is refluffed to the same point as the first swath.  The more dence the more gloss you get..
I should try that ginger milk. I love ginger! Do you use full fat milk I guess?
the bracing before he tries the water
Thank you for coming back to the frosting thing!
It is so adorable how your husband agrees to taste results of all this horrible "lifehacks", I just want to make sure that his sacrifice will not be unnoticed ^_^
I'm not convinced you gave the potato a fair cop.   I think the myth is more about the process of the potato softening and picking up salt during cooking than it is about potatoes doing some kind of osmosis in just any salt water.
Bless Dave - isn't Salty Water an emetic? 🤢
There's a legit origin to that potato trick. It doesn't magically soak up the salt though, you just dilute your food with it: effectively making more food to counteract the extra salt. Doesn't work in every recipes, and also the potato needs to be cut smaller, or mashed in some cases. Works on a lot of thicker soups and goulash for example, where even if you taste the potato, it's appropriate and fitting. Porbably won't work on salted caramel though..
I wonder if there's some kind of light scattering going on, and maybe the tints are relative simply due to the frequency of the light reflecting from the particles of the colorant? For example, I have fun playing with candy making. When the color is first introduced, it is very intense, but as the candy is folded and mixed, more air is trapped in the mixture. The color simply does diffuse, because there are more points of diffraction in the mixture after it is pulled and folded than there are before. Frosting is relatively simple to tint, you just have to use enough. Is everyone using the same color, and the same manufacturer of the color? What about the materials? Different dyes will have different properties, and different mixes of frosting will have variables as well, as far as composition, or quality. I'm not saying that anyone is right or wrong, I'm asking, can we rule the dye composition and light frequency variables of the shade out? It seems to me that  if you're reducing the surface area that the particles of tint are diffracting through in the base material, the color will be more vibrant. As more space is made between molecules of the base material, the color will diffuse, it has greater distances to travel and will be affected by the white light traveling the same pathways. The light that travels through the increased space between individual molecules of base material will be more available than there would be if it were compressed. The tint would be more concentrated, and more reflective, because less of the available light is being reflected from the base material, and more of it is being reflected from the tint. I assume.
Evrytime i see tik tok footage a small part of my brain melts
That one vid it said animal aid india, i think is a rescue organisation. Legit or not idk but i know they have been active for many years before the trend. Its also diff animals and not the same ones.
Great video Ann! The potato hack works. Sometimes if i over salt a curry, i put big chunks of potato and let it cook till soft.  The curry becomes better.  Or if its a dry vegetable like spinach, then putting small pieces of potato does the trick too.
the milk ginger is a very loved Hong Kong based desert. But it's known to be difficult to make! You've made it so simple I might finally try to make it as it's hard to find in Melbourne! :)
"Adding a potatoes doesn't make food less salty" >1000 Nanas punch out of the earth and rise up in anger<
But she was using different colouring (gel based) and American buttercream frosting, if I remember correctly. Why are you saying you don’t want YouTube drama and then asking your followers to back you up on this experiment?  I really don’t understand why you are ignoring the fact that she is using different frosting, I think that’s the whole point of this argument
The end of the video was a pretty good way to avoid unnecessary drama.
Heston Blumental does make mousse with just chocolate and water, but it's high tech stuff.
Ann my comment that requested more recipes got to 2000 likes you said it needed 1000 likes, debunking is great but it is not why we subscribed to your channel
This was awesome. I saw the turtle video and groups I know in the reptile community are finding these "rescue" videos and making direct complaints about animal abuse, so grassroots are trying. Thanks again, Ann for your wonderful work, and thanks Dave for being the guinea pig!
I love your videos! You are so smart and knowledgeable about the science behind baking and I enjoy learning new things from you! Hope you have a great week! 💕🤗
I absolutely despise charity porn. People filming themselves giving food to homeless people, saving animals, whatever, filming disabled people hearing or seeing for the first time, any of that. All of those supposedly "feel good" videos seem incredibly tacky and narcissistic to me, to the point where they actively disgust me. Yes, I know the common argument that the homeless person still got fed, and it supposedly doesn't matter why the person was charitable, only that they were charitable. But I don't buy it. If you film yourself giving $100 to a homeless person, you are not being charitable, you are literally buying popularity while exploiting a person in a disempowered position. Moreover, this popularity incentivises people to make fake charity porn videos, and people don't even care about the difference.
Tiktok back at it again bringing back a previously-exposed dangerous 'life hack' and making it a trend for people to potentially get 2nd degree burns again
It would be nice if the person was more honest about the limitations of the frosting hack, but it still seems like a very useful technique if you need a small amount of opaque icing. I always struggle to get black icing actually beyond dark grey, so I'll definitely use it in the future to avoid using up the whole tube of colouring
I've always wondered about the potato thing. I saw it on a TV show and it's just  been sitting in my brain since. Good to know the results
I love Ann and the debunking videos she makes but I still miss all the cooking and the crazy sweet creations this channel used to be about...
The other creator was actually quite rude when dealing with the results you got in your video, basically saying you didn't know what you were talking about, etc. I was not impressed, and I actually unfollowed, because it was just so unprofessional imo. So thank you dealing with this calmly and maturely, because youtube drama isn't what we want!!
That potato "hack" has been around forever. In fact I even tried once when I was a teenager in the 80s. It didn't work of course. All I could do was try to even it out with other ingredients and suffer a slightly oversalted dinner.
When it comes to animal rescue, I'd say stick to watching videos from places you know are reputable rescues - RSPCA, RSPB, shelters and conservation societies you recognise and know you can trust (Not PETA). If you're unsure, look up the channel name - if it belongs to a reputable organisation, it'll be very clear about that and you should be able to trace the source. Avoid videos from what look like personal channels or channels that seem to post a lot of "animal rescue" videos with extreme but similar circumstances. A shelter will post lots of videos of, say, dogs and cats being found on the streets, but not of them getting stuck in tar or drowning or something otherwise extreme.
Well, I was looking for an excuse to make a cake.
0:25 LOL. Anne'snot convinced 🤣🤣🤣 1:29 Notice how Anne poisons Dave *just* enough... so she can use him next time around... 🤣🤣🤣
Thank you Dave, for your sacrifice
You're so polite.  Truth is that you're right and they're wrong, but encouraging people to try it themselves is the only way to avoid drama.  I'm #TeamScience
Unexpected bonus of working the night shift in the US: being awake when the new Reardon drops!! 🎉🎉🎉
YAY another video
Dave is such a good sport. You put him through eating the worst tasting foods and he still comes back in the next video.
Your videos make my day better!
Another great one :)
I recently stopped my younger siblings from putting eggs in the microwave and I thought of Anne's PSA meanwhile.
Everyday we learn something new, and I loved that Ginger Milk Pudding recipe. My mouth is watering just from the thought of it. Will try it today! Thanks Anne ❤
poor turtles. how dare anyone bother them for clout.
Not sure if I envy Dave, or thankful that he's taking the hits for us .... in any case ... well done Dave!
Always a great day when your videos pop up. Thank you Ann
I do the potato thing, seems to work for me? EDIT: It doesn't work with waxy potatoes though, only ones that get fluffy.
I think you did the first one wrong! It's not a slice of potato but a whole raw potato! You boil it with the salty liquid and it absorbs some salt. I've used this "trick" some times and the potato does not 'de-salt' all the liquid but makes it more tolerable... If you retry it, I suggest Dave makes a palate cleanse between sips with clean water so the salt doesn't accumulate. Greetings from Spain! 😘
yay i love these videos!!!
Its incredible how my mood can change just from a little youtube notification telling me that Ann just posted!!❤😄
The internet will eventually lead to humanity exterminating themselves by dumb videos 😛
It hurt my soul to see those poor dogs in those fake rescue videos. Pure evil.
Is it wrong that, even though I'm older than Ann, I want her to adopt me?
Ann my comment that requested more recipes got to 2000 likes you said it needed 1000 likes, debunking is great but it is not why we subscribed to your channel
As always, love love love the videos, and a cool new (actual hack) recipe!! Also, I work at a school, and my kids have started watching your miniature videos and we're currently creating our own mini kitchen!!
Ooh! that potato one is interesting, that's actually a really old 'hack'. It's in a "Household Tips and Tricks" book I have somewhere! :D
Thank you for making these! I sent your video about the floating tubes for kids that can flip while in the water to someone who was looking to buy one. Not to terrify her but to inform her of what can happen. She was super grateful!
The first hack is simple biology called defusion
I've heard almost my whole life about the potato hack for overly salted food. I never knew if it actually worked. Cool to see you experiment on this.
Comeon if you want to views, rescue animal which are in need. There are plenty.
Anne, you are so mean to poor Dave, making him drink salty water for views. We all hope you reward him well! After all, you said "Be kind to others"!!!
Oh my gosh those poor turtles!!! What on earth!!! 😭😭😭😭😭😭
I swear the potatoe trick works!l (thanks to osmosis)! Just use a bigger Potatoe piece or just a whole potatoe without its skin. It really saved me some dishes over the years.
Salt water, vinegar and brown sugar? Dave the Brave rides again.
I tell you what if someone pranks me by handing me an exploding egg and I get burned, any amount. They're gonna be missing some teeth by the end of the day
For Ann or anyone else in the comments who might know: will the milk/ginger pudding keep its shape if refrigerated? Could you substitute in the ginger instead of gelatin to make a panna cotta?
Seeing these people stick an egg in a microwave and then pop it even though they KNOW it explodes is making me lose faith in humanity. You know it's dangerously hot. You can see the steam escaping. And you still risk serious burns just to do something like that. Come ON people 🤐
I saw a clip on Instagram where a woman microwaves carrots on a plate and they start sparking in the microwave. If putting Carrots in there could cause a reaction like that, why doesn't the same happen when reheating them after they're already cooked? Maybe the microwave had an issue that wasn't disclosed in the video?
Why not just... add more food coloring? Lol. So much effort to "save" you a couple drops of dye, and there's no chance it wouldn't ruin the texture if you blend it. Like every other "hack," just... why?  Also bless Dave. When I saw the three experiment glasses I knew exactly who was going to be drinking them haha.
When its 3:30 am where you live but Ann reardon posts a new debunking video❤❤❤
THANK YOU for explaining the milk pudding! I have desperately tried to get it to work without any success!
yay more debunking!! i love learning from these videos which tiktoks are just “pranks” (as they like to claim) or dangerous :-)
... Making the man drink salt water seems mean. You could of just boiled the water dry to measure the residual salts.
Yay another debunking video. ❤ watching them
I've heard the potato in salty foods one several times. I also read about putting a spoonful of jam in works too!
Ann Reardon you're the best!! I always watch all of your videos the second I see you posted one!! Keep up the amazing work, you're doing everybody a huge favour by being here on this platform! ❤️ Lots of love from England! 🍵
Thank you very much for these wonderful videos, in which you not only entertain but also educate us! 😊❤
A hack I learned with too salty items is to add an acid to it I think it helps hide the salty flavoring
A niice Friday treat
13:33 When pigs fly
Me watching Dave try the chocolate mousse water "this man is a treasure"
NZer here.  I can't think of ways to stop the fake videos, but I def think people watch them because there's no real place they can go to for a list of legitimate rescue channels on Youtube.  Word of mouth and telling each other where to go would go a long way.  As well as Cat Man Chris, who people have mentioned in the comments, Kitten Lady is also a really good channel to watch.
The salt potato one actullay works, when my mother makes food and sometimes adds extra salt by mistake, the adds potatoes and it isn't as salty anymore. I have tasted the difference
My daughter saw the previous exploding egg video and she will just randomly mention it sometimes and be like "we shouldn't put eggs in the microwave" so many thanks for teaching her that lesson, it's definitely gone in!
I don't know about everyone else, but I am gonna just take your word for it on the frosting thing.  I would rather eat it than spend more time whipping it😏.
i'm so glad dave liked the milk ginger pudding. after the salty water he had to drink, he deserved something nice haha
It is very hard to get a darker color in this way that is mentioned. That would involve a chemical reaction of some sort. How can you get a darker colour if the same concetration (volume/volume) is used. That's in my opinion impossible without a chemical reaction.
Dave got 2 desserts in this video and all he had to do was drink 4 cups of salty water and a diluted mousse . Fair trade I think.
10:28 I spat my coffee out 😂 You didn't have to give it to Dave LOL
Experiments will always have variables even if you run this experiment consequitvely the results will not quite be the same....
TGIF and this is the earliest I've been in here. You always make your videos entertaining yet educational! ❤️
Another great video Ann! Love the experiment idea. Also, another way to remove salt is diluting the dish. I'd recommend something like splitting it in two and adding water or whatever (not salted) liquid, so you get 2 batches, and you can freeze one of them for another time
Anne you should try the frosting rewhipping again but, surround the bowl with lots and lots of ice since Adrian's bowl was in an ice bath while whipping she said right? So, maybe surrounding the stand mixer bowl with lots of ice would have the same effect?
Hey Ann!
I really love you videos but would suggest to do separate parts with the cooking ones and the other ones. So if we are only interested in cooking we can see only the part that we love. Also I love your aproach for the color buttercream, trying to understand where the difference is and speaking with the woman who had diffrent results.
5:19 for a second I thought he was gonna get drenched lol
Oh yes! Whenever I feel I put too much salt, I add sugar.  It works for me 😅
Another amazing video. I really appreciate the time and effort you put into making videos
Hi Anna 5 year long viewer over here😅
Your husband is so sweet and supportive even when given salt water lol
Dave is such a trooper
Horrified by what they're doing to the turtles, and also people's stupidity with the eggs
My mum is a home economist and we love watching your videos and also watching the buttercream whisk felt so nostalgic as I spent most of my childhood just staring at stand mixers
I feel like that frosting lady is just a sore loser. Thank you for the good vibes! Best wishes from Ukraine!
Bless Dave for being Ann's guinea pig
Yeah that's enough, I'm doing an other plague soon!  (Btw I'm refering to the dogs ''rescues'' and the ''hacks'' and the eggs...)  Nice Vid as always Ann! :P
Can't believe people still put eggs in the microwave. People believe anything they see online nowadays.
So...will people start making woodburning videos next to show how "hillariously" bad idea it is?
we love you ann, keep up the amazing work and thank you for being you 💚💚
Aww no that’s awful to the turtles 😓
I literally gasp whenever i see a new video of yours! I love how you spread awareness and not bore us at the same time!
I think the only way to stop the animal "saving" videos is to give special privilege's to channels of animal rescue charities and ban everyone else from being allowed to upload them. I don't know how you implement it, but that is the only way
HI ! ANN , Here for my daily dose of debunking 😄😉
People don't learn anything useful in school after the first 4 years.  I didn't know that turtles could feel through their shell, before watching videos on Youtube.
Poor Dave! his tastebuds must shudder in fear these days :)
Nothing better than a debunking video on a friday evening. I just wanted to say Ann- I've been watching your videos on loops recently, your voice and demeanor are so calming! thank you so much for these wonderful videos!
Poor Dave.... He has to drink salt water
Thank you so much Ann for these videos. You really have made a difference in my life and others. I am glad to be learning about these dangerously internet hacks and lies. You have saved me and others from them and thank you again 💕
Actually the potato hack works.  We often do it when our curries are overpowered with salt. We cut down some 1-2 potatoes and add it to the curry. We add more spices and water inorder to accumulate the potatoes. But we don't take the potatoes away. We will just eat it. It is also pretty tasty in curries with all the spices. But I think this only works if the potato goes well with the food we are preparing, like most of the Indian curries.
The potato hack is at least 100 year old but it ask for whole potato.
I LOVE A LOT OF SALT!! p.s Great video!! ❤️💖
On the note of fake animal rescue: a LOT of videos of cats "dancing" and stuff like that are ones that have been drugged.   As a cat owner, i know cats do super weird things on their own, they make weird movements and flip upside down and springboard off of furniture.   But a dead giveaway is when theyre upright. The two videos that come to mind are the one of a cat "playing the piano" where its clearly been drugged/had its paws tied like a marionette doll. The other one is the super famous video of a cat standing upright with its arms out, "dancing" (hard to describe but my mom sees it on facebook all the time).   Ive seen less recently, but on "americas funniest home videos"/early internet viral videos, there were a lot of videos of cats that were obvipusly being filmed after being scared/chased by the owner. Not normal cat "zoomies", but like actual fear. One i remember was of a cat jumping out of a pool and trying to climb the wall because it was so terrified, and it had obviously been thrown into the pool just before they started videoing.   Anyway, rant over. It just really bothers me when people use animals as props. Especially when cats already do so many funny things on their own. And ESPECIALLY when people dont notice/care when they turn the videos into memes
Thanks internet. Fake animal rescues and people caring about likes and views more than having a hot tiny bomb exploding in your face (or someone else's).
Dave is honestly such a good sport!😂
I wanted to yell at all the exploding egg people to please use safety glasses!
hi ann but she talked about water molecules and spaces between them and stuff could you explain that as well
I don't think I've ever been more devastated as a baker as I was when I originally saw an emulsion blender video with a Swiss meringue. Genuinely such a lovely frosting and pain in the ass to make and they destroyed it
Oh I am early   Hi Ann!
I have been following you for quite a while now Ann and I have been enjoying every minute of it! Your debunking series is so educational and I am always excited to see a new upload❤🥳
Immediate reaction to seeing a new video up ‘heck yes!’
I love how this channel has evolved into not just cooking but ensuring that people are safe from fake content online.
After a long time, Dave finally said:  "I like it 😃"
Ann and Dave, whenever I see a video up, my mood automatically feels so much better.
Thow a whole potato in there in the first hack. I have doubts a tiny sliver of will work, but a full one might especially since I been hearing it since I was little
The ginger and milk one is 1000% real because it is a legit dessert often sold in Hong Kong
one partial solution to the staged animal rescue video epidemic is to only watch the rescue vids from established, trusted sources
How to cook video, perfect friday 🥰
ngl, I heard the potato thing, and I believed it for long enough to pass it on.  I even tried it once and I guess my dumbbrain convinced me that it had worked.
I've always heard that it was 2 halves of a potato to help reduce salt in sauces, etc. I wonder if how much potato you use has an impact?   Amazing video as always!
It’s very late where I am in Canada and should probably be in bed sleeping, but I’m very grateful to be early lol!! I love your debunking videos
Yay Ann uploaded! I live for these debunking videos ☺️
Always excited for a new upload!! Sending love from Japan!! 🫶
I think I can tell that the mousse video is fake because of the consistency differences. It was watery when the chocolate was stirred but it's thick when it's about to be mixed
I‘m very surprised that the hack with the potato didn’t work for you. Maybe it’s different if you cook a „real meal“ than just water and salt. I’ve used the hack a couple of times (for things like stew) and it has always worked for me :)
#Experiment, Not a frosting hack. Still light as when you started
I hope Dave's kidneys are alright after all the salty drinks
I thought she was wearing a white lab coat ..which isn't a bad idea 😂
#experiment pebis
Dave is a champ 🏆
I can't watch animal rescue videos at all because of the fake ones, I know a lot of real rescue videos like Chris who was the owner of cats Cole and Marmalade he does rescues of kitties but, I wouldn't be able to watch anyone elses just because I don't know if they are fake and if the person filming was the one who hurt or did something to the animal that made them need to be rescued. It just causes me rage and sadness that people would hurt animals just to get views on the internet. So, thank you for telling people more about how and what a fake rescue looks like.
I've known of the fake turtle saving videos for a while And I'm really happy that your getting more attension to this problem The same type of problem also exists for the gaming community  From what I've seen they are mostly made in Asia  I think there's a bigger picture here
Dave's "I like it!" for the ginger milk pudding was so shy and cute! Like a kid who gets made to eat their veggies and doesn't want to admit they ended up enjoying them after all?
No chance that potato and salt thing is going to work!
i love all of your videos so much 💕!!!
My day becomes 100 times better the moment Anna’s video are uploaded!
So excited!
Hi Ann! I'm here early again :) From WA PS your debunking videos are my fav <3
I saw the puppy rescue one and I was so glad to see people helping those poor babies
Poor Dave 😂
Poor dave, needs therapy for being anns lab rat
Yay a new Anne Reardon video!
Yesss debunking❤❤❤❤
i love your videos my mum knows you she id alicia  edwards
I was cringing so hard when Dave was swallowing the salt water!!!
My colleague has told me the potato hack, but I still preffer to do it your way - just don't add to much salt.
I think the mousse, not mousse might be the most edible thing Dave's ever eaten.
Oh yay I’m early! Can’t wait to watch
waw, a new video when i was just about to sleep, didn't expect that
I love watching your debunking videos! So fun and u learn something from it everytime
The bad day became a better day :D
queen of calling out food related bullshit
Friday happiness has arrived ❤ love from India🇮🇳
I know the debunking videos are fun and important. I do miss the classic Ann Reardon recipe videos though. Anything in development for us to look forward to?
I've never been this early, 5.32am and can't sleep, happy to see a new Ann Reardon video pop up ❤
Early enough to tell Anne how much I appreciate her. ❤
YEEEEEY, more debunking! That's what i need today :D
Poor dave 😂😂😂
Always keep up the good work, Ann.
Bless him, he didn't HAVE to drink the water, could have tasted it and spat it out
Amazing video as always with alot of good information
Imagine if the potato actually absorbed all the salt though, I wouldn't be able to resist the urge to give it a taste. And if I had added as much salt as they did in their example I think I might die from being so salty lmao
Thanks Ann and Dave for your suffering your both awesome.❤😊
Perks of having my final exam today: I get to see your video on time. Greetings from Germany haha
I love our videos:)
Hey Ann, there is a creator on YouTube called Moriah Elizabeth, she has tried baking on her channel before and I think she could use your help, I would LOVE a collab ❤
Fish & Chip Friday??? No way! How To Cook That Friday!
Wow I'm early
I'm so early today! Yay ❤
always a highlight of my week to see a new HTCT video in my notifications ❤
Yeaaa! Another one of these amazing videos :)
Ooh lovely new debunking!
Instantly taped the notification
You're literally the reason why I use YouTube ❤
omg wow
❤️ You are a legend, Ann. I love the idea of this mass experiment. What a powerful and fun opportunity. Thank you for calling out that the smallest differences can affect reproducibility. When I still worked in a lab, we discovered the reason I couldn't reproduce one of my labmate's results was because, after washing her glassware, she rinsed four times with DI H2O, while I rinsed the lab's standard of three times. Blew my mind when we finally figured it out. Thank you for all you do. Much love.
I saw the exploding egg vids. The first thing I thought was "Ann told me not to do that because it is dangerous." So, your videos are making a difference.  Hopefully more and more creators can post PSA videos like you do.  The fake animal rescue ones are just so sad. People will do some really terrible things for views.
Seriously, though, how do you stare at a dog or other animal that's done absolutely nothing to you... and decide you're going to throw it in liquid rubber. For views. It's so unbelievably disturbing.
