Pretty convinced that he will be done before the machine is.
Time to binge and catch up on the last three years...here we go!
" МУЗЫКАЛЬНАЯ  ШКАТУЛКА "    А в ней ШАТУН, а в нём есть ВТУЛКА.    Также есть и  МАХОВИК.    По размерам он  велик.    Есть в шкатулке КОЛЕНВАЛ.    Сразил МАРТИН , на повал.    ШАРИКОВ, под миллион.    Это он , МЕТАЛЛОФОН.    А для ШАРИКОВ  -- вот  честь,    ЭСКАЛАТОР даже есть.    Он их на верх поднимает,    По  "ручьям " их направляет.    Те, проделывая путь,    С разной скоростью бегут.    Путь сложнейший совершают,    По  пластинкам ударяют,    Сладки звуки извлекают,    БАС - ГИТАРУ запускают.    Рычагов, не перечесть.    СЛАВА  МАРТИНУ и ЧЕСТЬ !!!    Крутит, крутит  МАХОВИК    МАРТИН, милый  озорник.    УДИВИЛ !  Я удивился,    В твою технику влюбился.    Мудрено, ядрёна  вошь.    Тут без пол литра не поймёшь.    СЛОЖНОСТЬ -- высший пилотаж.    Дух захватывает  АЖ.    Чтоб такое сотворить,    ГЕНИАЛЬНЫМ надо быть.    ЧУДО ! ЧУДО механизм !    Поразил мой организм.    А, чем вниманье привлекает ?    Да , МУЗЫКУ он извлекает.    Тут шарманка отдыхает.    АВТОРУ низкий поклон.    МОЛОДЕЦ ! КРАСАВЕЦ он !    Её автор , МАРТИН  МОЛИН.    Своим детищем доволен.        20.07.22      Паюк Владимир  г. Липецк
I have the answer now, all the choices in this video are wrong. 💭
The questionmark might work because MMX is ratteling around a bit.
I feel like 9:15 sums up engineers as a whole
Remember marble tracks xD
So you've gotten rid of band mates and replaced them with the marble machine.....your my hero I thought I was pushing people away but you've replaced them entirely.  Genius!
9:15 haahhaahha
I was just thinking about how different monetary social systems look identical compared to a resource based economy and it reminded me of this video. You're asking which marble track is best, and the answer is none of them because the marble track module system has been rendered obsolete all together. So, it's kind of like asking " which money based society is best?" when it doesn't matter how you move money around through our social "modules", it's just clunky, inefficient and not to mention inordinately inhumane.
We were naief back then
2 months down the line, spoiler, the best track was none of them lmao
Why should it be bad if the design of MMX takes so much time? Shouldn't it mean that there was a lot of work put in it in the end? If the time is the price of the result, then it's a small price, because the glory that you'll get after, is priceless.
What causes the marbles to get stuck is friction, obviously, so I’d say make a shape closer to a question mark with a more equally round track, so that the angle of attack is the same everywhere and the probability of a marble getting stuck is equal everywhere.  I’m talking about this kind of shape: :::::::::””””””””””””””””””””””””””””””-:::::::::::::::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::   :::::::::::::::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::-    ,,,,,,,-:::::::::::::::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::    ::::::::::::::::::::::: So just the track, half a circle and a quarter circle.
9:20 indian mario
Damn Martin net sanding discs seen better days 😂
Such a nice touch to have the patrons scroll in sync with the music in the end of the video ❤️
Even though #5 hangs up, when the machine is working, all the vibration will keep things running smoothly anyway.
The callous fireplace rationally blink because yacht parenthetically cause astride a poor ferryboat. swift, damaging greece
I hate wintergatan so much why does he always make marble things hes stupid and its not cool at all marbles suck they killed my mother
9:18 it's the simple things that make us laugh.
Answer: none of them lol
Hey!  Wait up there, I've been subscribed to the second channel ever since you announced it but it's only ever had a few recycled videos and 2 or 3 new ones from months ago.  You called it "Wilson".  Now you tell us there's _another_ "second" channel?  When did you do that?  Why didn't you tell us?  What willyou use the spare/redundant Wilson channel for?
Epic!
8:20 -> me at 10:30 p.m. still doing homework and watching this
Answer: none of the above
watching this and knowing its not going to be used at all.... :)
And then Martin invented the clock again and then this video became pointless
why not make the plywood one as close as you can get to original then put plastic plating or any other nonstick material on the inside of the gate
What site was he using at 7:43 ?
Esta muy jodido ....ouuuhhh yeaaaahhhh
This is difficult to watch. Too much nonsense.
Your test is very different compared to your actual 3D implementation. Friction for sticking depends on the force (grams in your units) and surface area. Your "2D" test designs have smaller contact area than your 3D designs which have contoured profiles which grip with the same force but increased contact area, hence more likely to get stuck. Good luck.
It is not Marbe Machine X anymore, It is Meme Machine X now! ;D
All we have is time, you’re having fun and learning lot’s, your dream is awesome enjoy the journey. You feed Wilson through the nose...😳
Nice. He could have had this z-solution in November 2020. The priciple was posted 8th November last year by Jens#6124 on the Wintergatan Discord channel into the mmx community section.
Have you tried (or do you have space for) a spiral track?
9:14
You have been testing the gates out of MMX context, ie on the bench. Stuck marbles seem to free themselves with the smallest jog, in one instance a very light tap. When installed in the MMX surely the overall vibration of the MMX would provide the required jog and prevent them getting stuck in the first place? Just a thought :-)
Someday, when I am old and gray, I will say: "I was there when Martin started the Marble Machine X".       It still won't be finished but that's not really the goal anymore; it's now about ingenuity and experientation.
This Youtube journey for me is so enjoyable - part of me asks, "Does this have to be finished?". Looking forward to completion, but will surely miss the journey that got us there.
The problem is gonna be that eventually the hard steel bearings will cause indents into the much softer wood, which leads to the decrease in output force of the marbles , but also causes them to jam much more often.
I'm still mad at you that it took me almost one month to accidentally find the second channel
Martin: Weekly videos is too much! I need to do fewer videos  Martin 2 months later: DAILY VIDEOS IS PRETTY DOPE
Why not attach cam behind the track that will shake the marbles loose if they get stuck?
Have you also considered trying different materials? I think aluminum or some sort of plastic have different friction coefficients to plywood and might also have a significantly influence to the marble flow... Especially for the last question mark design with nylon or similar you might have other results...
And what about dust or other garbage in marble pressure gates?
One Design! One Angle!  Chant it from the roof top people! !   You keep saying you want One gate and track that is the same across the the whole machine. That way you don't have to make a custom one for each track. One gate would be great. One design leave you with only needing a few spares around on hand for a tour.  But ...  some of the gates leans back at an angle. There is your Mole you designed in.  Keep all gate the same angle, just direct the marbles using the wire tracks to hit the mark..  One Design! One Angle!  Chant it from the roof top people! !   Ps. You put levelers on the machine. Do you plan to set the Machine at a 30 degree backwards angle one day and 22.5 forward the next day, No you put them there to Level the machine to a level "standard" before each performance. One Design! One Angle!
чëткий вариант! круто. жду новых видосов.
what you wshould be mesuring is the amount of pressure per ball added
Use some grqphite
What if you introduce some kind of vibration or oscillation on purpose, to overcome the issue with the marbles getting stuck? just to prevent them sticking nad maintain minimal amount of kinetic energy at all times
9:16 --> nerve break down
PMA hodler? Are you into cryptocurrency, Martin? (I am...)
You sound swedish. Or norsk (I either don't know or don't remember what "norsk" is in english, but if I'm even close to right, you know what I mean).  edit: The name of your channel further proves my theory.
Did you just say. "Beta Test"
"Marbles are evil, lets do 30" lolol
Sir, I salute your engineering skills, bravo!
great work. Resist the urge to over-optimize. Go with #4--less than 100g of weight to resist, and doesn't get stuck.
I have an idea !  Tu veux utiliser des lames ressort (+ feutre ?) pour ralentir les billes, réglable par vis. D'une manière générale, une buté mobile. Plus une bille arrive vite sur la lame, plus sont énergie sera absorbé, donc ça devrait, aussi, réguler la vitesse.
@wintergatan you have dragged on this for too long.  Tried many solutions and they all have the same issue: marbles getting stuck under pressure.  Have you considered adding vibration to the marble gate system?  The marbles usually get going by a slight nudge from another marble.  You can probably try putting some sort of mechanical vibrator that can be powered with the machine drive train or even some sort of hammer that strikes each channel when the marble gate closes.  I worked at a pharmaceutical plant where they had a similar issue feeding small tablets into a container using a queue not unlike the marble channels in the MMX.  The solution was to add a small and simple pneumatic hammer that was in sync with the machine feeding cycle.  Each time the machine fed tablets to the container, the hammer stroke several times in quick succession to make sure that tablets did not get stuck.  That solution would not work in the MMX due to noise concerns but the idea is the same, use vibration.  This would also work for the pickup section of the fish stair.  Hope this helps.
https://youtu.be/r2wQNoVieGs
Random question, could you have a "shaker"? something that repetitively hits or moves the channels? Either a bar that taps the back of the channel or shifts it to cause some vibration.
O long time no see
ever thought of a graphite lubricator mecnanism that continually applies graphite as a dry lube to the marbles???
If there is some sort of solidworks for these designs, that would be great for testing before CNBC.
Don’t worry about it taking so long. I believe many of us are makers at heart and love to learn with you. Of course I want to see the final machine one day but that would mean the journey would kind of be over. Sad day 🤣  While we‘re at it, I am so so so impressed how your skills and personality have evolved over the course of that project. Oh, and can you make some music on the machine for us?
I have just had this idea... Maybe it can help. When being played, the MMX constantly vibrates and moves around. Whenever a marble gets stuck in these gates it really doesn't need much to make it fall through. So maybe, and that is a big maybe, you don't really have to care about them being stuck just a little and while they are built into the machine everything runs smoothly.  So I think you should do a test with the gates built into the machine. If you are lucky none in a couple thousand will get stuck...
You didn't tilt the two question-mark-paths. If you tilt them in the way you mount them on the machine, the marbles will actually have to go *upwards* which will get them always stuck, if the marble lane feeding it is running dry!
9:14 Gunde Svan plays Mario?
I believe tin the ?! The vertical path on the right should not be completely vertical. The marbles gets stuck when the center of the bottom rightmost marble, is pushed further right, than the center of the top rightmost marble. If the path forces the bottom rightmost marble's center to always be further left, than the top one, then it should never get stuck (as long as the width of the track doesn't allow for a similar problem. But try to add a small wedge for the bottom marble, forcing it a little bit further left.
just and idea. why do you need the zig zag vertical. culd it not just aswell be horizontal. that way the slope would be the same but the pressure bleedof wuld still work. and you could make all the gates in one piece of playwood. seams like it would work
marbles are  evil
Hi Martin, can we that don’t have engineering experience help in any kind of way? (except being member of the channel of course)
You need lateral force, and force ball rotation, also consider changing wood type for more friction. The you need a Peogressive zig zag design thats get closed in a logarithmic way.
Have you tried making the wooden surface smoother? Reducing friction should work.
Why dont u use another material with less friction than wood, cause this is the main reason they get stuck
Marbles = Evil --- > Evil Machine X ?
I found you because of the second channel. Thankful for it!
I have a question, why didnt you tried to angle the other designs beside the first one
Discordians are the followers of the Principia Discordia, not users of Discord!
cool, but why is this on my recomended?
I was wondering where the daily updates went! I wasn't subscribed here. Life is good!
PMMA Hodler? Are you trying to tell us something? ;-)
still waiting for that monster stand up and eat you....
po, de boa, ja virou um negocio muito lucrativo rpa ele isso. toda a hora ele "cria" alguma coisa e atrasa  mais ainda ....está me cheirando marmelada
14:05 "Wilson, food time!" was the most adorable thing I've seen this week!
"Marbles are evil."  —"Marble-Machine" Martin, 2021
You know Martin, if you're willing to use math, you can calculate the exact amount of pressure in a very satisfying and not overly-complicated way. Then you can call yourself an engineer with no reservation.
New haircut :)
Martin, the vertical exit, though pleasing to look at, might provide too much of a pressure drop at the very end. The pressure has to go somewhere and I think it’s amplifying the friction against the 90 degree wall, even worse when the gate is angled. There might be a sweet spot, less than vertical, where the pressure is being reduced, but not enough to cause the friction to overcome gravity. If, of course, we still believe in physics. 🙂 Love this content!
why dont you place magnets around the edge of your test table so they dont keep rolling on the floor?
You seem very happy ^-^
You also have to take into consideration the amount of vibration going through the gates during use, and how much vibration it takes to unstick the ball bearings. I'm fairly certain the machien will be vibrating enough to prevent them from sticking during operation. Part of the sticking is probably also related to the the compressibility and friction of the wood, where the ball bearings are pressing and sticking into the end grain of the wood.  If you can get a block of HDPE, try making a sample gate out of it, instead of plywood.  You could also try coating the bearing path with some kind of lubricant like a spray-on lithium grease or silicon grease/oil
on part 5, change the angle where it get stuck. Friction on the wood is to big
Have you ever tried with a material with less friction?
9:13 are you okay?
How about a double spiral channels?
Where did his hair go
seems like the reason the question mark is getting stuck is the static friction between the wood and marble, since the pressure from above is high enough to make the marble stick. If friction is the issue, some graphite lubrication might solve the problem nicely. another potential solution would be to make this part out of clear acrylic (like the conveyor belt) which at a glance seems like it would have a lower coefficient of static friction with the marbles than wood, and offers some aesthetic appeal
HAHAHA xD I love your humor! The Mario reference was AMAZING!
I can't wait for the new machine to be finished!
9:14 looks like...  he lost his...  marbles
I love the new format 😍
im finally able to watch this video now that ive binged everything from winergatan 2
If you increase the first bend of the question mark one with the radius of the marble it might eliminate the marbles getting stuck! Because it seems the two marbles fit fairly perfectly in that turn!  I think that the marble that gets stuck finds enough surface area to get stuck on in the second turn with the additional pressure of the second marble which find enough surface area against the back wall with the pressure from the weight of the remaining marbles, causing that first marble to get stuck in the first place.  I think that if there was more area between those two turns then they wouldn't get stuck as easily.
I was wondering where the daily video was from the second channel :P
Perhaps the lack of pressure is what causes it to get stuck
me: "you can't convince me. the best youtube moment is--*" martin: ****9:14****
The haircut looks great! :D
5:45 Now you make it like this: |_   |_      |_         |_ what about this: / \ / \ the right angles are for me not that simple. But with the second version you will even by mounting it 20° rotated not have a hill in that the marbels have to climb if the bottom side as in your design is near horizontal it can easy be tilted back so the marbles (with nearly no pressure) have to climb.
Martin once you go beyond the "vertical" you get back into the same issues!  The '?' design should not be better that the 'not-?' ones
Go with the tracks that have the highest pressure below 100. You don't want to go with the lowest pressure, those are the ones most likely to get stuck. You said anything below 100 was acceptable, so why not take anything below that threshold?  Imagine that you had a rocket engine that you wanted to keep below 500 celsius. You have one orcket engine that maxes out at 400C. Another one barely goes above 50C. If you disregard all other factors, the 50C engine would be best. But then you'll realize that the 50C engine isn't firing correctly and you didn't account for that because you were only looking at temperature. Same goes for the tracks. You need it to make sure that the marbles will come out more than anything else. Keep the pressure within acceptable limits, but not too low, or you're losing your guarantee that a marble will always come out.
The more pressure gets relieved, the more pressure there will be between the marble and one side of the path, the more likely a marble is to get stuck against the side. I see a trade-off :)
I saw once, a manufacturer that produced steel ball bearings like yours. The process is incredibly simple and reminded me of rock companies that filter aggregate using different sized screens. The hot steel balls roll down a ramp of two steel rails. The gap between the two rails changes and "filters" out different sized ball bearings. They don't all make it into the same baskets. Some that are border line do make it. The companies are more accepting of certain tolerances so they can remain profitable. Your machine is most likely more strict about the sizes that fit and those that don't. I probably didn't see you talk about this already, however I wanted to ask, have you checked the size of each of your marbles? The infrequent occurrence makes me think there is a random marble that is a different size. It keeps coming back around at random times and that accounts for the sticking marble. Keep going!
Dammit, i thought this was a wintergatan 2 video and i was like "oo more testing!!!"
Did you say hodler?
For marble track #5, you need to make the vertical exterior wall (the side on which the number is written) be tilted towards the pipe. This will make it so that the marble that gets stuck cannot be pushed into the wall by the marble above.
4:16 I see  you are a fellow investor...
If the marbles are unstuck with a little tap.. Would the general vibrations of the MMX not cover those outlier cases?
This guy is a genius and he is nice to shoot videos of himself explaining his craft - his country should make him a national treasure!
Milking the cow till the last drop....
Not gonna lie, I'm getting tired of all this.
Stop! using! Plywood! Use pear wood! or maple! or even walnut just don’t use plywood! Buy a Dremel so you can make smooth interior tracks which you will be able to do if you stop using the plywood
so glad he got a hair cut.
Watching this video made think that the marble gates are a critical part of the MMX, and you mention that some gates are inclined. These prototypes show that some designs are good when vertical, but when inclined they fail. Considering the assumption of the marble gate being critical is correct - it seems so and you have been testing for the optimum gate design, not the optimum inclination - why not consider all the marble gates vertical and design what is around them in function of the gate instead of getting the critical part inclined in function of less critical parts? Again, considering that the gates are indeed the most critical part in regards to the neighbour parts.
2 observations, did you try and angle the question mark design backwards, and why not machine them for a molded insert?
The journey is more exciting than the destination in many cases and in this case the journey has been really exciting and interesting and has captured a huge audience. I have to say there is a possibility that when you do finish the marble machine you might even loose some people because how will you keep the excitement and surprise of learning when it is finished ... something to think about, keeping the interaction and excitement going after you have finished ... you might have to build another machine !!! hahah
It is frustrating watching this medieval superstitious trial and error. You say the marbles are Evil; but that is just dumb and shows you are ignoring the physics. If a marble gets stuck then the forces are pushing in the wrong direction, it is as simple as that. What do you do in your spare time Martin? Hunt witches?
I'd guess that with the vibrations of a playing MMX, stuck marbles would get shaken out of their misery. Especially when they aren't completely wedged. I think I'd go for version 4 (the first ?) If I had to choose
4:39 Martin conducts a small scale test.
Hey, the hairdresser was open again 😁
Well you are trading pressure for friction. No surprise it is getting stuck when the pressure is reduced that much. Maybe making the wavy channel longer so that this "pressure reduction" will be more spread out among the marbles would result in less friction per individual, preventing such situations?
I do not understand having over rotation while marbles are inside the tubes. When marbles are touching each other, the back of marble “A” will be rotating the opposite direction of the front of marble “B” directly behind it. This would cause friction between the two marbles. Over rotation is beautiful on the top section but I cannot understand using it in any section where the marbles are in contact with each other. Maybe someone on here can help me understand. 🤷‍♂️
why would you be surprised that a gravity feed system has problems on its side?
honestly i prefer this channel. its more of a treat to see a new video.
With the marbles getting stuck, I think the top marble is pushing the lower marble into the right wall and bottom wall. To solve this, you could try taking the position of the lower marble to the left. This would slightly increase pressure, but then it wouldn't get stuck.
Effect of graphite on track #1 ?
4:16 martin is in bitcoin confirmed
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping everyone from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteous. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Over-rotation in the gates is completely pointless. It doesn't reduce the pressure on the moving parts, all it does is slow the movement of the marbles down, which is not a good thing when you're playing very fast.
Regarding your concerns about marbles getting stuck due to a non-90° angle, couldn't you 'just' carve the channels at an angle, so that they remain in the proper angle compared to the ground rather than the wood in their blocks? Alternatively cut their outside profile to match the required angles instead of 90°? Think of it like a compass, where the needle (your carved track) stays in place despite turning the outside (the exterior of the block). While this means you'd have to match the right block with the right track on assembly, they should maintain their performance. (If it's made with some tolerances for the machine standing at an uneven floor.)
Imagine the excitement of the people just now realizing they've got 20 odd videos to catch up on... I'm very jealous. 100%!
Honestly the vibration from the MMX would probably make all of these get stuck scenarios moot.
I think I see what is happening. Where it jams is where two adjacent marbles are pressed against the same side of the channel. In the original prototype, at the second bend, the marble on the corner was pressed against the upper/outer wall, and the marble before it was pressed against the inner/lower wall. That meant that both wanted to rotate in the opposite direction to start falling, and were therefore helping each other. (A clockwise cog drives an anticlockwise cog.)  Here, the two marbles that jam want to rotate the same way as each other, and so they resist each other's movement.
Allways a video ends in a huge payoff :)
Guy playing with his wood
Does somebody know what marvelous tablet and app Martin is using?
hey Martin. take a look at the back of Pachinko machines. basically real marble slot machines. I have one sitting here and the marble returns design will give you some great ideas. Don;t be embarrassed. It;s all new to you and I am glad you are working to actually learn.
WHy dont you try using a strong magnet somewhere in the places where it gets stuck and make it more simple! dont have 2 zig zags
Hey martin just an idea. Over time, the wood will be dented in these sorts of parts (New marble rails included). Maybe painting on a thin layer of clear epoxy resin would be a good investment?  If you do go down this route some advice I would give is coat the entire surface of a part at once because the edge of a layer always seems to not weld well with the next.
Isn't part of the problem in the PLA-pipe also reducing the pressure before the marbles enters the gate? If you drive the marbles from the top into the gate as in the original design, the problem should not appear right? Anyhow. Great work.
Surely with the low rumble of the machine these 'stuck' marbles will get vibrated out of their stuck bits?
Marbels are evil
does the fact that marbles are a bit on rusty side can make a difference?
Are the stuck marbles rusty? Rust would add friction (especially in porous plywood) which would reduce stepper efficiency.
You should test what forces have enough static friction to keep a marble from moving at different angles. then just avoid those pressures/angles and you know it will work
Couldn’t you make a custom angle piece to make the marble holder 90°?
Wasn’t in my recommended sadly. I was so disappointed yesterday I thought you didn’t upload haha
in the early days of paintball the kind of failure you were having with the question mark shaped path were somewhat common in the ball hopper, people used to add agitators to the hoppers to make sure that would not happen.  it would not be to hard to agitate a how of those just by spinning a moderate gauge piano wire from the side that was threaded through a row of those gates right in the corner below where the marble sticks
Anyone else notice Wilson's Lack of cleanliness? Dude needs a shower.
He mentioned Discordians! Hail Eris!
Gone are Wintergatan Wednesdays. Here are Wintergatan Days Ending With a 'Y'
9:20 Martin: This bad boy can fit so many washers in it
Ever tried to use grafit in this parts? Or milling them from POM? It looks like it could help to reduce friction on the walls.
This format of speaking in 125% has me questioning the level of my insanity. Usually I’m only at 110%
9:14 the mario moment really made me laugh lmao
Damn I didn’t know wintergatan 2 existed. I hope I’ll have time to go through the back log sometime soon TuT
8:22 you should live and do other things in life because they are important too ^u^
a geometry like the golden ratio
We got all of the vibration and jiggle out of the machine, now we need some jiggle to keep things moving :P
The real thrill of the channel comes with the one on one presentation of all the results. Alle the wins and all the fails. No prepared success, no cheating 👍
I loved the Mario part!!! I has hit me unexpected ^^
Number 4 seems to be the best.
Martin is right to go for 100% stick-proof design, a basic rule in engineering - and life generally - is "if it can happen, sooner or later it will" (usually at the worst possible time).
I have been fascinated by the successes and the failures of this project. Your tenacity in overcoming the barriers has been an encouragement in ways you have no idea of.  Even in writing music, the same barriers can exist. As an amateur arranger, I find myself in the same predicaments as you run into with the engineering of MMX.  Having to learn new chords and chord progressions has been my bain.  So, I will persist as you will. Keep up the great work.  I currently have too many "Projects" that I bounce back and forth from, but I do have in my future a Big Band arrangement of "Marble Machine".  Some how, I'll find a way to swing that piece.
my 2 cents, perhaps to design the track such that the pressure direction of the trailing marble onto each marble to not point towards a friction point of the marble where there isn't enough angle to slip. the marble that got stucked looks like it's getting pinched.
нифига не понял
9:20 this is Nintendo's group of lawyers with a cease and desist.
Have you thought of something like SC Johnson Paste Wax for all of your wood parts?
It looks like the marbles are rusty which could contribute to more friction against the plywood = Getting stuck. I guess this also affects the marble pressure.
i think lockdown has gotten to you with that marioesque scene lol
This dude standing in front of that badass machine is more badass
Give it a try to square up the curvy corners, rounded corners transfer the pressure more easily forward. The design Idea was based on flat surfaces under angles. @wintergatan
The wood will be too soft and it will wear down over time
I'm glad to see this on the main channel where it belongs!
Uhhh...if the devic is tilted backward the marbles have to "work against gravity" in the now horizontal-slightly-upward section...well...
"Marbles are evil"
I think that with all the vibrations from the MMX is very unlikely to have marbles stuck in these channels
for test piece 5: the back wall where the marbles are stacked vertically, you could tweak the wall to have a slight angle (5 degrees or so), just enough to keep the marble on bottom from possibly sitting past the marble on top.  That angle could be adjusted for the gates that sit at an angle
Martin, I beg you, change the sandpaper on your disc sander. It looks horribly abused
14:07- "RAIN ON ME~~~","NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM~~~ *choke *choke"
If you calculate the friction coefficient you should be able to math out the exact angles you should have using basic physics and free body diagram
the fucking mario bit killed me!!!!!!
The max force you put on the walls is the only thing you need to determine if they will get stuck. The greater your max, the greater the probability. In physics you have static and kinetic friction coefficients for materials in contact and static is always greater. In common language "it's harder to get things going than to keep them going". If you cuple that with your pressure requirements, find the design that gives you max preasure closest to your max preasure requirement and creates on average the same preasure on every walls. If that still sticks, before a rebuild, you can try "wood lube" a.k.a. powdered carbon. Hope it helps :)
Martin, I want to ask a question   Why must any of the marble gates/droppers be at an angle other than 90 degrees?  You often say "No more custom solutions!" But here you are confronted. Either custom dropper angles, or custom marble paths in the pressure valves! Surely it will be difficult to solve for a valve geometry which works at both 90, and 90-15 or w.e. other angle.   It's almost like you need to stop, decide what these angles are that you MUST drop from, and do some linear algebra type work, solve this geometry where the eigenvalues are equal to your angles.  That or make every dropper 90 degrees. I don't think you'll guess-and-check your way into the ideal solution
Martin, you should perform your test with the test track angled like it would be on the machine. Testing it horizontal do not replicate the situation/position as it will be performing live. A gravity fed system is always sensible to the direction of the gravity force. A path that is slightly descending on an horizontal test may be a climbing slope if tilted more that its slope when horizontal. The system you discovered on discord is designed to be verticaly fed, not horizontally fed. No marble will move up a climbing slope unless pushed enough in the back.
The tube is wider than the marble. This means that there are two possible contact angles between marbles in a vertical column, not the one shown in your diagrams. Blockages happen whenever the contact angles flip back and forth too much in succession. If the question mark has a gentler curvature, it reduces the successive flipping of contact angles. That’s why #4 works better than #5. As a climber, I maximize contact angle flipping to climb cracks. You want to increase flow, so decrease contact angle flipping.
Here are some thoughts: in the video from Rosero there is only one place the pressure is relieved, and this is good because the pressure behind the relief can be larger insuring the marbles keep moving. In your design you do multiple pressure reliefs behind each other causing the marble pressure in between the reliefs to be so low the marbles can get stuck or move forward only slowly. So I think you should not do multiple pressure reliefs (no stair stepping). HTH!
What about two tracks in series but with less aggressive angles and further apart (I.e. combine Prototype 1 with a straight pipe and then another one with even less angles connecting to the gate)?
Yaaah, haven’t seen a while glad to see your back
PLA is low friction. you could harden the wood with thin super glue?
Keep it simple. The square holes are less complex on the pressure gate.
Hello from Brazil my brother!!! <3
I just had to press like after I saw the Super Mario part.
Mario Machine X
At 13:00 when it get stuck, you actual lifting the marbles i.e apping a force upwards puching the nextcoming marble to the side, i don think this could happen in the reall machine as there is just a hatch?
Like some others have already said, I agree that machining the parts from ABS plastic or 3D printing would make a more reliable part. Also the tolerance can be tighter so it would prevent the jamming.
Marbles are evil XD
super mario moment is lol xddddddddd
People are looking at me like I'm insane from how I was laughing during that Mario skit. :'D
cant help to wonder if the question mark design (5) with a slight steeper angle towards the scale resolves the stuck marbles due to low pressure / friction ratio. Great video as always.
When if a marble gets stuck, wouldn't the vibrations from the MMX keep it flowing?
why didn't anyone tell me there was a second channel!!??!??
waxing the inside of the channels like a skateboard rail maybe?
Even though I watch practically all of your video's I didn't get notified for this video. I think that is kind of strange
Martin, I don't think your test is actually valid. You can clearly see in the video that you are pushing the marbles back with your hand, just before it gets stuck. This would not happen with the marble gate as it does not push marbles back.  I think you should test it with a marble gate, this way you can use larger angles and therefore have lower pressure, without getting stuck marbles.
You know, that youtube pushes wintergatan2?
Haha Rigzilla  We have a SpaceX nerd here
Just busy watching the vid, I'm noticing that you pointed out the 90 degree angle issue where they might get stuck. I recommend to see which ones are not going to sit at 90 and alter the path inside the wood individually. Ie the wood block is not level but the path inside mirrors a wood block that is level. I really feel the fundamental issue comes when you design the piece in CAD the block is at 90 and all the angles inside are true, but as soon as the block is not held at 90   all the pressure angles inside change too.
At the end someone should combine all these vids into a 10 day long ‘How To’ video.
Just a thought about connector behind the pressure gate and the PMMA tube, with a slight change, eg putting some spacers between  the plywood connector and the pressure gate, and you would also have a height control for the marble queues.
Wintergatan 2 has been awesome. It’s great to see you working on things rather than just the finished product. The live streams have been fun as well.
Surely it would be easy for someone to create simply physics based computer software to test how the marbles behave, and thereby eliminating the need to create so many test prototypes.
A suggestion: instead of having limits of "max pressure" and "gets stuck," define max and min pressure.  Intuitively, it would seem that more pressure decreases the likelihood of getting stuck.
I wonder if one of the issue is the tilted backward (or horizontal) angle of the feeding pipe and the first segment of the "pressure" regulator. To me, it looks like a non sense, because you are asking the marble to travel up against gravity. I wonder if you should avoid this situation as a rule of thumb in your design.  The issue of the stuck marble looks like a mecanic-static issue (when marbles are at rest). This could be solved mathematicaly by using the "principe fondamentale de la statique" and "torseurs" (in French, I am sorry I do not find any English translation for these). These equations describe the equilibrium of static forces in your system, and your target is a "pressure" of 60 "grams", (ie, a force of 0.6 Newtons). I guess with this approach you cloud know if one design is better than the other and predict your result.
When you tilt it back you create a low spot that automatically causes a reverse gravity effect. Try keeping the entry tube at an angle goingbin so that even when it's tilted back it will still be going in at an angle. If you Don do it now the test results will completely change. Hope this helps... Best wishes
Apparently Wilson eats with his nose.
Don’t know if someone said this but I don’t think there is going to be a problem with marbles getting stuck in these gates. The reason is that you’re going to have vibrations when the machine is going and in these borderline cases will prevent the marbles to get stuck.
I really think you should get ride of the overrotation in this part. It slows the marbles down when they are moving but it does not reduce pressure while the marbles are not moving. In a previous video you had problems with the marbles being feed too slow. So overrotation will just make this worse while not improving the pressure situation.
14:05 - This looks "PERFECT" IF the last marble here was DIRECTLY resting on the gate (ready to be dropped when gate opens). The second last marble directs most of the force on the vertical wall and small fraction of it on the marble below it. When the last marble disappears from underneath it, it is no longer supported from below so it should be easy for it to fall down. BTW, you can make plywood walls stiffer by impregnating it with lacquer, epoxy, or cyanoacrylate.
I still say you should have called Wintergatan 2 as Wintergatan Workshop ;)
Is clear to me why your marbles get stuck, vectors. You see, in some of those designs they have to go up hill or get stuck due high levels of friction. Also, did you solved the humidity problem?
The question is really if these miniscule friction holds that get the marbles stuck will occur at all when the whole MMX is constantly vibrating. Still, I argue you should test the desings at their desired angle and maybe even mix and match different track desings for the different intruments having differently positioned marble gates. Also notice how the test rigs have a square cross section where as the previous design was round and forcing the marble to over-rotate. It seems the square approach gives much more consistent behaviour since the marbles have no way to 'wedge' themselves between the V/U shape of two pieces of pywood.
Remember that the vibration from the machine will make the balls fall.  This problem isn't new problem, in old airplane with mechanical instrument, the needle would get stuck all the time and the pilot had to tap the instrument to work, then they invented the vibrator inside the instrument to make the needle move.  You need to simulate the vibration from the MMX if you want true result
64 gramms, 32 gramms, 16 gramms, 8 gramms, 4 gramms, 2 gramms, 1 gramm, half gramm, quarter gramm, Martins CAD designs
Martin, glad to see you finally thinking in 3 dimensions. You've been thinking of your pressure regulators in linear fashion when, in reality, your insistence on using wedged paths creates extremely complex angular pressures.  Bertolli uses square channels whereas your channels have angular contact surfaces.  Also, the angular channels create very different rolling characteristics to the marbles as they pass through the regulator.  I would stick with the wedges for rolling marbles as desired but use square or round shapes for all channels. Love your work and look forward to your posts.
Es ist Dienstag, meine Freunde
I think they were getting stuck because Martin is stopping them by hand and actually pushing them upwards, making some change position and be arranged oddly
Martin should watch out for if the slots down the middle of the tracks from the front change the resulting path and maybe bend apart and let marbles get suck. As well as the plywood wearing out/ deforming in critical spots.
The wood is easy to prototype and looks great but have you considered using the designs with metal or other materials (perhaps 3d print some prototypes with different plastics or have them machined out of perspex) as you can effectively decrease the friction forces and decrease the likelihood of the marbles getting stuck. Metal on metal would have the lowest coefficient of friction but would be noisy so probably need a material which falls in between wood and metal.
Question mark design will certainly cause problems, when the track is tilted backwards. The top part of path is too long.
5:06 actually liked the joke
Nice hairstyle Martin
I have been watching your channel for a while, as a disabled millwright I find it very interesting. I also noticed your problems you have from alignment issues, friction, etc. Almost all of your problems that you have are due to you using strictly wood as a main material. The use of additional compatible materials combined with the design, would in fact, simply solve most of your problems. Along with this it would also help for the ease of maintenance and longevity of the machine. Also coming up with required maintenance with the use of mean between failure is necessary for longevity The reason his gate seems to work better is because using synthetic material that does not malform with use, means the tolerances stay standard rather than self adjust due to use and pressure. Just an observation. I do enjoy you working  out the issues and finding standard solutions in the industry that I did for many decades, though longevity is going to be an issue with your chosen medium. Your thought processes are a little out there sometimes, but the passion is great.
And the mario washer that fell into your disk sander?
Let's pass from mechanics to mechanical music...
Martin, while in your design process you have been starting to analyze the vector forces one marble imposes on the next, you have been ignoring the rotational forces and coefficients of friction. Looking at the hang in the question mark design at time 13:28, the bottom marble (#1) needs to rotate counterclockwise however it cannot because the friction between the top (#2) and bottom (#1) marbles  exceeds the force of rotation and the static coefficient of friction between the track and marble #1 prevents marble #1 from sliding down and to the left along the track. Similarly, marble #2 is rotating clockwise while moving until it comes to rest on top of marble #1, at which time it has 4 points of contact and friction (marble #3, top of track, right of track and contact with marble #1). The stack pressure being exerted from marble #3 onto marble #2 is locking everything in place. In order for marble #1 to be able to resume its motion, there are three possibilities. Either the friction between marble #1 and the track has to be reduced to allow it to slide when it cannot rotate, the friction between marble #2 and marble #1 has to be decreased so that the rotational force of marble #1 exceeds the static coefficient of friction between marbles #1 and #2, or the vector force on marble #1 in the left lateral direction has to be increased to overcome the friction between marbles #1 and #2 and between marble #1 and the track.  My suggestion would be to change the track angle beneath marble #1 (steeper) so  that  marble #1 can overcome the static coefficient of friction with the track. I would also  change the angle of the track to the right of marbles #1 and #2 such that when at rest marble #2 does not sit directly on top of marble #1, sitting 45 degrees off center to the right, increasing the lateral vector force while decreasing the coefficient of friction between marbles and between marble #1 and the track.
Always a highlight of the day to see what has happen with the MMX
Hey Martin! If the marble gates have to be tilted backwards and this causes marbles to get stuck, why don't you just tilt the marble path forward in the pressure gate? There should just never be an upward slope in the marble path once the parts are put together on the MMX. This seems like the only required change in design #1. Bye
The No.5 design is the winner. The track just needs to be a fraction longer at the top right so that the 4th marble from the bottom rolls over the centre of the 3rd from the bottom.  NUMBER FIVE IS ALIVE!!!
So martin, you mention it is a problem that the channels are tilted backwards, why don't you design with that in mind. aka, make the marble paths deisgn tilted forward and that evens out when you put it on the machine. You have a CNC machine anyway :P
Too bad they cant be screw shaped.
I did wonder what happened.
Martin, you do fantastic work, keep going! A little idea for you, perhaps 'route out' a channel that goes around your work bench so you don't need to worry about catching all the marbles, they will just sit in the channel before falling off the table. Also get a little funnel to help you load tubes with marbles quickly, this will save you much time in the long run! :)
the super mario bit is was awesome :D
Martin's lost his marbles
I think its important to view the marble getting stuck vs the pressure as the same thing.  A marble that gets stuck leaves all its pressure in the wood instead of the scale and a marble path that leaves all the pressure on the scale will have no marble getting stuck.  So Martin has to find a compromise somewhere in between.
Maybe I’m speaking out of turn but it seems to me you’ll never get a better path than a straight line for this. Maybe a mechanism that separates a single marble drop at a time with the back & forth motion.      I <-> I   I
What issues do overpressure cause further down the marble lane again? It feels like you've been working on an unworkable solution to a problem that isn't a problem.
Fighting
I don't get it, why are you so focused on that it must be plywood. Problem could be solved using 3d-printed plastic or machined acrylic.
“Marbles are evil” 😂
You had me at Mario.  Hang in there man. The  MMX build process inspires me everytime I watch.  A salve in these troubled times.
If the balls at number 5 in the right part are not exactly one above the other, but the lower one is further to the left through a smaller angle, they can no longer block each other. Beste Grüße Nils
"in plywood I cannot recreate it so I made..." well, you can clearly see that the correct way of dealing with this issue is simply to use another material as brilliantly showed by Rosero. I think this is an example of where the overengineering comes from ;)
Stop reading if you don't want to hear something controversial. I put my heart into this:  As someone who has been watching weekly since episode ONE, and a multi-YEAR Patreon supporter (until a few months ago, sorry), I have been along for this ride and been enjoying it. I want MMX to be finished and working and stable in every way you hope it will be. However, this episode really brings home the realization that being in the weeds with these minute design decisions risks making this entire project a pipe dream. At what point do you just scrap this idea of 'marble gates' that have been a nuisance for who knows how long now? I cannot see this being a sustainable methodology going forward.  Martin, you need to figure out priorities again, utilize a team, be the project manager. You are focusing too much on the small things. Let talented people lend you their knowledge in solving something like these marble gates. You are burying yourself in CAD and experiments, when you should be giving someone/a team your objective for the part, discuss, iterate, develop and finalize a solution. I'm not nearly as smart as you or your team, but after all this time how has an elegant solution not popped up, like a cascading flow of marbles over the top of channel holes, finding their way as they need to, with precision/height/pressure being unnecessary as long as the volume of marbles is high enough and a reservoir deep enough to handle excess volume? Have you thought about studying factory machine assembly lines? How they handle delicate parts, how they go from chaos to order with the use of mechanical and kinetic systems? Someone, somewhere, has likely solved a similar problem(s) and some of their ideas can tangentially be applied to MMX, don't you think? Why invent the wheel a 2nd time, is really what I'm trying to say (yes I know MMX is one-of-a-kind as a whole, but the mechanical and kinetic problems are not new. Physics has always been the same, and I would bet someone at some time has solved a similar problem that can be utilized here).  This is wasting your talent; you should be composing and writing, not clicking a mouse and trying to squeeze more out of a computer program. Unless that's what you want to do, which I don't think so but who knows at this point...  It really pains me to write this to you, even if it's ever seen (probably not). My heart cries out for you and your wonderful project, I want this to be completed nearly as bad as you do.  Do not be mistaken, I am not simply complaining about the total time of the project to this point, nor am I displeased with however much longer is needed to complete it. I'm not going anywhere and will support you always (financially again sorry, but I can't right now). My primary concern is HOW you are utilizing your time currently. It can be spent so much more effectively; many episodes back you had the project manager idea and that seems to have fallen by the wayside.  The moment I can, I'm buying tickets to see Wintergatan perform live wherever I can, but this video really disheartens me that it will never happen. Or at least not with MMX/MMY in attendance.   Please be safe, be kind, stay strong, god speed. Cheers <3  (pretty sure someone will shoot this down with a one-liner reply that will get more attention than my actual comment, oh well)
Can't you add magnets on top of the design (above the wood) at a desired height to add friction on a straight part, with no chances to get stuck ?
You should build a table on which the marbles can't fall down - or even a table with channels all around for your marbles. that way you could always let them roll and they would be collected automatically like in a billiard table.
I think you might need two gates, one for when it is leaned backwards, that has a high tolerance for backwards leaning, and for when it is leaning forwards or on a right angle, similarly with a high tolerance for such an angle. This would avoid the "custom solution" problem by turning the entire machine into a binary in this respect "Does this gate need type A or type B?" type questions allow for a higher tolerance in what the part needs to accomplish.  However, if the gates are all different angles, a one size fits all solution will be quite difficult as you won't be working with a standard and that is an issue that should be addressed. If however there is a general "rule" that the gates are all within, say 80-90 degrees  then a new geometry can be designed which is tolerant within that range.  One reason these viewer submitted gates are having issues is we don't know the tolerances. When designing a part tolerances need to be known. I always prefer to live by the "Give me 5" rule in my own designs. That is to say, I seek to design with a 5 degree bilateral tolerance on angles for parts as much as I can incase things are not sitting perfectly flat, and a 5 mm tolerance for wooden parts, 0.5 for plastic, and 0.05 for aluminium parts. This has to do with the rate of wear on each of these materials.
Do the marbles get stuck with the vibrations of the machine? This kind of testing, while helpful, won't show exactly how they will perform on the machine. Keep up the good work.
pls upload more pls :\
9:14 Mental health is degrading...
These marble pressure relievers all rely on gravity driving the marble forward through the track at every position. That's fine when the module is exactly upright. When you tilt the modules backwards, you create a situation where gravity is either not helping, or actively pulling the marbles backwards. When you've done all the work to remove the marble pressure then there's no force left to move the marbles forward.  You say that you have to tilt some of the modules back, but by doing that you are changing the characteristics of the module. If you really want all of the modules to be the same, could you make sure to be able to mount them all at the same angle? If not it seems like you'll have tweak the track so that it still flows forward even on the most aggressive tilt. That would make it work for all of the positions, you'd just have some/most of them (probably) not relieving as much pressure. I think that's what you're basically doing by picking the design that sticks least, just not explicitly.  Basically just make the marble track slopes steep enough that they're always pointing downhill, even when the modules are in the most tilted-back position.
I don’t think that the stuck is a problem in the running Maschine, so many vibrations 🤔
So the pressure of the marble into the wall is so high that the marble experiences enough friction that it doesn't move. With usage the walls will get smoother, which reduces the problem, but also, wood is soft, so it can, over time, make a little dent in the plywood, which would cause the marbles to get stuck again.  I'd go for design #2 there. It doesn't go over 100g of pressure, and moves easily.
I would also suggest manufacturing these critical parts from aluminum or stainless steel to avoid wear over time
Physics law is important before its form. The first iron ball continues its movement even though the angle of reception is greater due to the force behind it. But as the force decreases in these downward 2nd and 3rd balls, the angle of reception must be reduced.
Please keep w2 going 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
This is maybe not a solution, but the mmx is making a lot of vibrations, won't that help with the marbles getting stuck?
In all new designs the marbles enter from the side. Doesn't that cause issues when gate is tilted? Why not enter from the top?
He is swedish, the swedes are experts at making any material look like expensive wood... read, Ikea.   Make the final product out of plastic/alu and cover it with wood stickers. Dbrand sponsorship maybe???
The tests you did showed me something. I think that the marble that sticks in your game changeris getting pinched in the front window frame. Try the same thing without the front open, only the sides.
Есть люди, которые смотреть его в России?
i see a patteren less weight moore getting stuckt
the jamming marbles will probably not be a problem in the real machine, as the vibrations there will shake anything loose
I just noticed this is not Wintergatan 2 :D
Is it ok for me to ask you when you think you will regard the machine as ready and running? I mean you could still improve it while using it, can't you not? Perfectionism gets redundant at a certain level. Best way to find out is in operation I guess.
I don't think your test modules are accurate if you plan to have the same cut out like you had in your original.   In the test modules, the pressure exerted by the marble is in the center of the track, where as the original model, pressure exerted is on the two point off center.  I actually think that having the cut out aids in avoiding jams.
it might be worth it focussing on the main problem and find a solution that can handle the high pressure on the marble gates. like experimenting with PTFE or so, instead of hunting for lower pressure?
Never lose the humor, this is a marathon not a sprint. The MMX is truly majestic as you refine and reiterate and learn the true depths of the physics behind the marval. Keep learning and keep smiling as you do it. We are here with you
I haven’t seen him so far down a rabbit hole since the “tight music” programmable plates.  The pressure/height adjustments for marble lanes is highly time consuming now.
I envy your work an patience so much! I hope relying on wood is a good choice, since wood gets worn out and so maybe the marbles will leave dents at places where you don't need them. Applying a peace of thin metal here and there may reduce the risk of building "craters"?
Martin 2021: "marbles are evil"...
Hi Martin Didn't you mention that you cannot reproduce the original 3D printed design due to manifacturing tolerances? Maybe it is worth investing into some new milling bits so your tolerances are decresed.  Also from my understanding of physics, the smaller the difference between the diameter of the path and the diameter of the marble, the better the resulting pressure. Because you have less variance, the pressure will be more consistent and the marbles cannot wiggle as much around leading to less marbles getting stuck.  Edit: In the video today around 13:22 to 13:30 minutes, it's very visible. When you're checking the pressure, you push the marble up the pressure releave. Only two marbles move up instead of the hole queue. These two marbles have then around 1 to 2 milimeters of wiggle room and they move above the marble on the right in the curve, which leeds the marble to become stuck. If you could decrease the tolerance to 0.2 milimeters or even less, I think you could resolve the issue of marbles becomming stuck.
Can you have this part always plumb, and only tilt a part further down? Like, have the bottom surface of this part be a plane touching the bottom marble at a different angle for different channels, rather than having the exact same part have to perform well at different angles.
How about using a different material? Teflon would be a great choice when you want to have non-stick surfaces :)
This guy has the patience of a Saint
the whole machine is going to be vibrating a little no matter how much damping you put on, and it takes very little agitation to "unstick" marbles from the gates, so i don't think the "weak" sticking like in the last ? design would be a problem at all
You seem very concerned of the marbles getting stack, but i think the general vibration of the machine would help shaking them loose, unlike in your tests on the workbench
Please dont rush! Fortsätt med det du gör. det är både underhållande och häfftigt att se hela vägen till en fungerande MMX!
Are there no simulation possibilities in the CAD?
I would consider testing with a marble gate when you are testing if the marbles can get stuck. You are releasing the marbles differently to how the gate would. With the marble gate the marbles are move move the roughly the diameter of 1 marble at a time but with your hand you are slowly releasing the marbles and allowing the marbles to sit in in-between states.  The timing of the movement of the chain of marbles may mean the marbles never find themselves in positions where they can wedge in place, or the have momentum to free themselves before the weight of the marbles in the tube holds them in place.
omg, it was like the pressure kept the two marbles perfectly perpendicular, it was strong enough to keep the lower marble from rolling.
The marble pressure is 0g if the marble gets stuck, question mark = best design
I do not think it is surprising that the marble can get stuck. The plywood is soft compared to the marbles and when the marble stack put pressure on the wall you will get a small indent that ever so slightly change the marble path and create a “notch” that hold a marble when under pressure.  There are to cases in the film of stuck marbles.  First the one with the full pressure from the marble stack pressing the marble into the “first” wall of pressure release. This probably compress the wood fibres and create a small indentation.  The second kind is the ones where the pressure release is on a horizontal wall where even a small indentation will cause the marble to not roll sideways.
About the getting stuck you barely bumped it and it came out the machine will have vibrations that should Unstick the marbles as they go
I am very proud of you, I think you're doing a great job!
If you can tap the thing and the marble comes unstuck it's not going to get stuck when mounted on the MMX. You've done a lot of work to kill vibration on the thing, but it's hardly a stationary platform like your testing rig.
I think you shouldn't forget, that marbles may be coming in from above and increasing the pressure (on the stuck marble). Additionally, the MMX isn't rock-stable. Meaning: it moves slightly at best and a lot at worst, which may help loosen the stuck marble.
that super mario part was priceless 🤣❤️❤️
"Just remember kids, the difference between screwing around and science is: Writing it all down" :D
I love the journey you're sharing with us. Thank you!
I like his designs better cause the way the marbles are coming straight down then turn, yours are going in from the side and this is why they are getting stuck. I would do it like the original design and keep it simple and not come pretty and complicated
Is marbles sticking really an issue, considering that the whole MMX is constantly vibrating? Surely the movement of the machine itself will negate the odd marble getting stuck before being dislodged again?
There is a number six in the thumbnail? :O
I feel like you should put some metal in points of pressure in the design to make sure nothing gets bent and dented and for lower friction.
These test should be redone after each track is primed with graphite powder
You could put a little wax in the wooden track.
My question - you know all those bits of wood that notch forward above the drum, that the marble track from the conveyor sits above? is there enough space between them for the ones it sits directly above to move without touching?
I think it’s the texture of the wood you might have to make it out of plastic
You should make a small update video showing the paths of the marbles. Just run the machine super slow with a few marbles and follow them, showing all the possible paths they could take.
Im sure someone suggested it... but upside down L shape for marble path will solve the getting stuck issue. There are too many bends and not enough distance between them.
wood is soft
Wood won't work for those tracks. Metal spheres banging on wood angles will pound in dimples on those angles over time. increasing the risk of being stuck since the dimples will change where pressure points are on the metal balls.
Nintendo copyright strike incoming
Looking at version 5 which sticks, what would happen if you altered the angle at the bottom, before they go into the PMA tube? I posted a picture on your messenger page.
I don't understand why it is such a big problem for you that a marble get's stuck, but continues to travel with a little bit of Vibration. I think there will be a whole lot of vibration on the MMX and the second Design here would have worked. It is in deed good enough.
I feel sorry for all the people who didn’t know about Wintergatan 2 until now.
This whole video is just Martin flexing his haircut
The marble occasionally gets stuck in a static test in plywood. Fine. But the MMX is never static. It is always vibrating. That vibration will prevent the rare case observed in the static testing.
all that "force" that the modules are taking away wouldn't wear the plywood? could you use bearings on those places (on the corners)? that could also help with the marble flow
What kind of tablet and software are you using? I really like how you can draw on the pad like that.
Martin got a haircut!
9:15 🤔
Martin, you should 3D print the internal path for precision and wear control, but sandwich it inside the plywood blocks for aesthetics.
When art and engineering mix, it takes a whole lot of tweaking. This project is genius. If it was quick and easy, everyone would be doing it.
Remember the whole matching will be vibrating a little and will shake things loose.
Yay I'm a member
We need a SMB tune on the MMX
The concept of putting the screwdriver pilot holes between the pieces of plywood worries me, as it seems like it would wedge them apart if assembled wrong, or possibly just over time.
Is the question mark issue due to the fact that there is lateral space for the marbles to stack side by side?  I'm not sure why you decided to put the plexiglass on this test, that plexiglass will absolutely impact the performance in a way inconsistent with your final parts.  You wouldn't make the production track with a completely flat side, why would you use plexi?  I think you need to re-run this test with wood only parts to get any real data.  If it's a lateral issue, you can probably solve it by increasing the lateral tolerance so the marbles have fewer orientations when they can stack inconsistently.
You may need to angle the pipe up so that the angled back gates are flush
I feel so privileged to have found Wintergarten 2 on the second day :D
We were driving through our neighborhood and my daughter yelled out listen dad it’s Wintergarten, she was right there it was construction workers building a house listening to to your original song.  Well how about a new marble song for all of your fans...
Number 2 ftw
It appears Martin has started to learn about prototyping before making lots of highly engineered scrap
Looks like you are re-engineering a firearm magazine.
Marbles are evil
*NICE HAIR MAN!*
Hello fellow W2 people, how are ya?
love the other channel keep it up
I feel like with all the vibrations from the machine, track 5 (the smaller ?) is unlikely to stay stuck.
When you say "pressure," don't you really technically mean "force?" Seems like you're trying to reduce the force at the release point due to gravitational force on the individual marbles.
The daily videos are awesome, I believe you should ditch Wintergatan 2 and post everything on the OG channel.   The likelihood you'll read this is practically nill, but I will say your new design is promising. However, with your zig-zag design, there are too many angles, which is why you keep getting marble blockages. In Rosario's prototype there are just two angles. Yours has three, creating a greater probability of blockage. Seeing as you cannot have vertical marble insertion, just completely round the first entrance angle! Good luck, Martin! With love from a firm believer xo
He spent so much time minimizing vibrations, but the machine will still vibrate a little. I’m not so sure the marbles getting stuck will occur as often in practice as in his ideal lab conditions. I’d go so far as to say the sticking will probably occur only 3-4 orders of magnitude less.
I'm all for keeping this channel alive with more and more design improvements.  But at some point, you should drop a revision mark and pause to do some writing.  Then we can start intermixing some music with the ongoing design work.
In before DMCA takedown from Nintendo :P
i think hes worried too much about over-rotation in the divider. if the pressure is low enough, i see no point in worrying about that sort of stuff in the divider
7:32 Marbles are evil...
If you're not testing with vibration in mind then your data here is not complete, really.
the question mark would work the channel needs more height and space for clearance, it's just hitting
I know its more custom parts but if you know the angles of the few gates that are at angles then you could change the angles of the steps so that when tilted they end up being the same as the vertical ones
Oh thank god he's alive.
Could the self vibration from the machine solve the "stuck" problem?
the New! Super marblio x
The issue is that you're not taking into account the marbles sticking out the windows you created to view the marbles. If you took that into account then the marbles wouldn't stick.
Martin... your having to much fun with this lol
Marbles 101: marbles are evil!
The more and more this machine is perfected and worked upon the more interest I lose and that disappoints me because I subbed because I love every part about the mmx and it's creator. But that's why I feel like I have to say this, with all due respect.   I may be wrong but I'm sorry I can't help but feel like this project will never end, 9000 patrons is a good incentive for that but let me assure you when I say this, your patrons won't leave if you finish it, they won't leave if you go on tour and they definitely won't leave if you do both of those and then start a new project.  This is your bread and butter I get that totally, this is coming from a true fan, maybe not a good one but then again maybe I'm not a bad fan either because I'm willing to say this but I promise you it's a genuine feeling for me that there will always be some part of the mmx that needs perfection and we may never get to see a finished product.  I could be wrong, I hope I'm wrong and just pessimistic or something but that's how I feel. I mean no disrespect and wish you all the best in whatever you do. But I don't know, another 12 months maybe and I'll probably unsubscribe.
1.618 ratio,  -add a straight line at a 1.618 ratio from side to side.  -turn 1.618° at the end of the line, -add a new straight line 1.618 ratio from turn to bottom. - turn 1.618° at end of line.  Continue this until you reach the end, if the spiral curves in too deep go back a few turns  to give a direct drop.  This ratio on the turn should prevent obstruction of flow, it is the golden ratio.  Other ratios to try 3.6912° 1.2963° these are playing with Tesla's numbers.
It seems like for the designs where the marbles get stuck, you only have to tap the plywood slightly for the marble to become unstuck. So, it is possible that when placed on the actual machine there will be enough vibrations to prevent the marbles from sticking.
Dude!!!! You are pushing the marbles back up each time you stop them, you need to test with your dropper!!! Weather or not it changes? Your testing method is possibly giving you incorrect results! Love you channel! Keep it up 👍
nice haircut :)
I think you would have better luck in a surface that has less friction and more give. You can CNC aluminum with your setup.
I actually found this channel through the Wintergatan 2 channel. I saw the original marble machine viral video 4 years ago but I had no idea that you posted regularly or were making another machine until about 1 month ago. Its been really fun to watch the progress on all the marble contraptions so far, and there are plenty of older videos I can watch to see how the machine was constructed!
Your feeling of beating yourself up over not being done is astounding to me. Look at what you have created! It is an engineering and musical masterpiece!!! I love watching and seeing all the improvements you do. Keep it up :D
I don’t get why the parts you made are different to the design from the discord server. Did you even try with the original design or did you immediately make changes to it?
Would it help at all to run some graphite through them tracks a few times? Just a thought. Maybe help reduce initial friction that might be helping cause the marbles to stick?
Do you consider the marbles as a variable and/or have you ever experimented with different marble types of the same diameter? I’ve been following you since the first version of the Marble Machine, and have always wondered about this!
Martin the Mole Slayer has approached the winding caverns that lead to the Mole King.  It's been days since he's encountered any troops of the Mole King and in his journey found three successful caverns that yielded great promise in defeating the Mole King.  He did however have a cavern tunnel that was not easily passed and had to retreat.  The day has been a long journey it time to set camp and push forward in the morning.  The Marble Machine X will be a great wonder of the world and it will play the 1,000,000,000 marble tune The March of the Mole King throughout the kingdom and banish the Mole King for good.  Each day is a new approach to the top of the mountain.
Is no one going to talk about the memes and Martin's sanity in that MMX Super Mario bit?
looks like the marble above might be pushing the marble that is stuck to the side, away from where it needs to fall
#5 would work if the back wall wasn't vertical. The wall needs to be on a slight tilt so that two marbles can't stand perfectly on top of each other, i.e. balanced.
I'm enjoying the daily journey. When you finalize your design make an extra set to use as a pattern for a mold to cast them in metal. it would be slick if you could cast all 19 pairs into a single 38 channel pressure reduction manifold that bolts on as a single part.
(:
For a proper test, I feel that you need to have an actual gate at the bottom of that.
A washer went into your rotary sander. Better remove that...
The path does not need to be round. Try a square or a diamond. If you look at the 3d printed design the path is square. A round tube allows for more friction and less control of point of contact.
OOHHH GAWD!!!...  PLEASE DUDE!!..WTF!!..DONT PUT DRAKE IN THE VIDEOS MAN!!..WE HAVE ENOUGH CONTAMINATION IN OUR WORLD MAN,,,LEAVE THW NONSENSICAL BULLSHIT OUT!.. IT TAINTED THE VIDEOS....  KEEP UP THE GENUIS!!!
i think the marbles are getting stuck bc they are ever so slightly denting the wood. Creating a little dived where the marble has to get out of but cant bc its pressed on my the marble previous in line.
Glad you are back!
Makes me wonder if the simple square geometry of the test is what made it suddenly stop being jammed. Even so, I foresee it causing issues in the transition from cylindrical to rectangular geometry if you were to implement it.
marbles are evil ..... truth ;))
Im wondering if your plywood might be too soft, and the pressure of the stack is causing it to deform slightly, to give you a cup thats catching the marbles sometimes.
Maybe its the material that make hit or miss sticky marbles. Maybe try delrin?
Oh man I was wondering what happened, I had no idea you were still posting progress updates, I thought we were just supposed to remain patient. I have a channel full of videos to binge now.
The over-rotation thing was not really useful in these anyway. That phenomenon is a way of changing kinetic energy of the balls in motion, but doesn't have any effect at all on static or slowly-moving marbles.
@Wintergatan Martin: I noticed that every time a marble got stuck it was in a transition from vertical travel to horizontal travel. It would seem that you forget to figure in for Gravity. That said, you should be able to reduce large parts of your pressure with 80-90 degree turns that travel from horizontal to vertical while keeping the vertical to horizontal turns at 45-60 degrees to avoid stoppage. This should be applied to both stair step and question mark designs.
You call it a stuck channel, I call it ZERO GRAMS PRESSURE!
martin, it's less likely to get stuck because of the vibration of the machine, if it still worries you you can add a arm from the gate into the presser reliever to act as a pusher, and as a second gate if you make it long enough, also don't feel embarrassed ashamed, or anything of the sort, this is amazing concept and you actually making a REAL machine is both revolutionary, and amazing. this is a hard thing to due. and hardly anyone has tried it, and even less succeeded. bt actually doing it. your making history. keep up the amazing work, and i'll see you in the next video
Thumbs up just for the Mario simulation!
I think the answer here is look for alternative materials Martin! I'm an materials science and engineering major so I might be biased, but I can help but think there are much better materials that wear slower and have much lower coefficients of friction than plywood.
Im sure someone else has pointed this out but I'm not going to read 1k comments!  Seems to me the marbles are getting stuck due to the grooves being slightly larger than the marbles (unavoidable).  This tolerance allows the center points of each marble to not stay perfectly in line.  In the corners where marbles get stuck, the stuck marble's center point is higher than the marble behind it, wedging it into the next turn in the groove.  At every turn in the groove you have to make sure the marble going through can never get it's center point on the opposite side of travel compared to the previous marble. For example, on the last question mark design, the vertical drop should be angled at a few degrees to prevent this.  At least that is what I THINK is going on!  Best of luck. Love your channel!
Question:  Outside of your simulation, on the actual machine, would those marbles actually get stuck?  To me, at least from what I can see if the video, the slightest touch frees the marble.  Well given how much kinetic energy is going on it a running MMX, it seems that the slight nudge you provided would pretty much always be happening.  I mean I understand the caution, but it seems like you might be passing on functional designs because of issues that would only occur in a test environment.  Of course, not being there and only having the videos to go by, I will defer to your expertise on the matter.  Just an observation.
On the track 5, could it be expanded just a little to added a right side, where it is getting stuck?  The curve back to the left appears to be tight, and that might release the pressure there.
Wish I could like this a hundred times more because of the skit at 9:20
On design #5, the part where it gets stuck needs to be slightly towards the exit open instead of directly under the previous marble
is there a reason you are only focusing on horizontal feeding? Might the vertical feeding work better regarding the final marbles' forces and getting stuck?
If some modules are tilted can't you just make an angled adapter to be able to run all the pressure reducers at a consistent angle? If you want consistent results, it seems like you need consistent circumstances.
the true moles of the MMX is the marbles.
All that's wrong with the ? design was the stuck marble got too vertical - if the back wall was inclined inward by just two degrees, that wouldn't happen.
4:16 I see what you did there. 💎🙌
the space between the pieces make the marbles go further into the wall causing them to get stuck
W8 ... playing Mario in revers its illegal ! Keep up with good work mate !
I think the 3rd dimension needs to be considered intensely on these channels. You never mentioned this 3rd dimension during any of your trial designs that were all very linear.  I also would suggest you to spending time engineering a method to post process the parts after they come off the router table. This needs to be moved from a variable to a constant so your surface drag has less impact.  I would suggest a radial wire brush or media blasting the marble paths versus hand sanding.
Probably stupid, but... Hey... I made had an idea.. https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WkccSvJj1J-LXD3wW6DULP2vWoxqGxV0/view?usp=sharing
I'd like to point out that the over rotation thing only works while the marble is in motion as part of the marble's kinetic energy is transformed into rotational energy. While it's stationary it doesn't make a difference, and they're going to be stationary for the most part in this part of the machine.  You don't need it here. It's doing literally nothing for you.
Took me a second to notice this was the main channel.
Nice haircut
Hodl strong Martin! I want to come to the MMX 🌍 tour
Also why not use one single bend like the original Rossero-gate design to dissipate all the pressure ? All those extra bends are extra places where the marble can get stuck and I'm not sure they make that much of a difference.
I think I have an idea to fix the question mark path. The right most wall is vertical, so there’s a chance the marble on top is more to the left than the marble on bottom and it pushes the marble into that corner so it doesn’t flow. If you tilt the wall in such a way that the top marble is always further to the right than the bottom marble it will push the bottom marble out of the corner and it won’t get stuck there. So changing the path at that spot from || to // or possibly >> then the direction of the push in that turn would be more towards the direction of flow and won’t get the marble stuck. That would also probably increase the pressure but another turn like that in the opposite direction might fix that, so less like ? And more like Z
I can't help but feel like those little hiccups in the marble pressure system could be fixed by the minor vibrations still in the machine.
Keep in mind that the great automatons of old would take many years to build and often had more than one person working on them. Often a master and several apprentices. The master would have spent their entire life building these things, and have the benefit of themselves once being an apprentice learning from their master, and even if they didn't, they usually came in from a tangentially related field where they had a lot of relevant experience (like watchmaking). All we see is the finished result with no context of what they took to build.
I don't like design 5 simply because if it is tilted backwards, there is an obvious upward slope and marbles won't go up.
The angle the track is positioned at is crucial, think about how it changes the force vector from gravity. I think you should keep the second zig-zag design, but make sure to compensate for the gate angle in another way.
Although it's too unconsistent to rely on, the vibrations would probably unstick the stuck marbles. I wonder if the vibration from the MMX running at full tilt, and the sound are going to cause any unforseen problems.
Martin you say you are ashamed of how long it's taking, I say TAKE YOUR TIME!!!!! I don't know what we are all going to do once you have finished this project, we won't have this awesome series to watch anymore! It will be like when The Big Bang Theory ended.. sad days.
You should try the ? again with a bigger space in the middle so the marbles are less likely to get stuck
Upvote for Mario
kind of pointless changing angles and then not allowing for different angles on machine..
nice hair Martin!!
Maybe put a mini spring loader that receives and helps kick marbles out from the stuck position.. maybe it gets stuck with a few marbles, but with higher weight it over comes the spring..
4:15 Hodler #DOGE I know he knows, you know?
Just make it a smoother surface. Then almost everything will work. Machine it then spay with some smooth paint or something.
The reason why the first gates are getting stuck has nothing to do with the angles. It's the cutout on the front that's "pinching" the marble (because of the force direction pushing and spreading the gap) and holding it in place. The next test sort of proved that when you had a solid end wall...
PMMA HODLER
Definitely the softness of the wood but also the angle of each turn. How much pressure does each angle bleed off? How much pressure does it take for the wood to become indented?
instead of making a pressure gate why not make a pressure valve. a valve that releases under the pressure of ten marbles. combine the valve with the gate and you got a consistent solution
The Mario sequence is hilarious!
Great hair cut.
There's a physics concept known as the coefficient of friction. Put simply, the coefficient of friction between two surfaces determines a specific critical angle at which the two objects will not slide, no matter the downward force applied. In case of the MMX, that's a marble lock in a track. You need to determine your critical angle. Make a simple table with three marble feet that don't rotate. Put that on a surface of plywood. Begin tipping one end of the plywood. Once it slips, you've found your critical angle for those two surfaces. Now you know that any marble track with an angle smaller than that will lock. That's why track 5 locked, but track 4 didn't, even though they both have ? shapes.   Of course as always, confounding forces can make it more difficult, like other marbles pushing on them from undesirable angles. Roughness of the surface, such as plywood cross grain cuts would result in different coefficients of friction than smooth surface plywood.
Product engineering, if you say not all the cells will sit flat @ 90°.  Then I would change that part of the install.  If you have a part that works for 38 pieces.  Then you change the way it is installed onto the machine to sit flush at right angles.  Don't adapt the part for every situation.  Adapt the situation for your part.
Martin,     Please note a key Oversight you are making. At these two points in today's video: https://youtu.be/bCrDDXTPp0s?t=399 https://youtu.be/bCrDDXTPp0s?t=556 The over-rotation of the marble is a key difference between the experiment you preform, and your design. Please remember to build over-rotation into the experiments and its effect upon MMX conditions.  But do keep up the good work, and I hope that you are one of the artists chosen to go around the moon.
my recommended has the most random things...
fresh cut
So if some of the gates tilting backward is causing a problem it sounds like them not being vertical is a problem unless it is 100% required.
why use wood. would produces friction. add your charcoal or use a different material some silicone maybe?
Can we talk about the Karen hair?  LMAO
Ahh! He tidied his hair!
I think you may be losing your way. Perfect is the enemy of good. Let's get it making music, then work out the few remaining kinks.
new hair really nice
I am just addicted to all things Wintergatan: fails, successes, world tour, no world tour, memes, wintergatan 2... no matter what you post or where, I just love consuming all your content Martin, I don't know why, I'm not an engineer or a maker, but I can't stop watching
I’m not sure there is a one size fits all solution to this problem. With different pressures going in and different angles, I think the output pressure may always vary
I wonder if the vibrations from the machine might shake some of these snags out naturally
9:16 now this! This is the premium content that we come here for!!
this machine is a beautiful work of art martin well done. you should be proud of what you have up to this point! you will finish it on your time not anyone elses
You don’t want an outgoing pressure point directly opposite an incoming pressure point—there lies stickage.
And people wonder why complex infrastructure projects take so long...
What whould you call Wilson's sister?     Wildaughter
I think the biggest reason there's a sticking problem is the fact that the material is plywood. The demonstrator was a PLA 3d print, PLA is very rigid and plywood is not. As soon as the ball presses/wears/indents a dent into the material, it's game over and the marble pathway now prefers to stay where it is rather than flow.
I think it get stuck because the friction between marbles is greater than gravity on a shallow slope.  The more efficient it is in reducing the overall pressure, the more likely it is to get stuck.  I think you need to figure out the slope of which the friction between marbles will still be less than the gravity on that slope.  And don't make slope that are shallower than that threshold.
The ? (track 5) if you make the wall to the right where the marble sticks @ 5 degree angle inward and not vertical and add the over rotation on the area where the lowest marble gets stuck.. i think that would solve your problem.
WE WANT WILSON MERCH
Came for the engineering, stayed for the Mario.
9:14 yes, all sanity has been lost.
It looks like what causes marbles to get stuck are related to two different issues.  on the first 3 tracks, the marble could find a local min when the part was tilted ( possible solution is to "crop" the part at an angle so that the internal verticals are indeed vertical) the other reason they get stuck at a local min is because the marble tracks are wide enough for the marble to move transverse to the path. This allows the marble above the stock marble to push the stuck one into a wall/up against gravity.  I am surprised he did not vary the diameter of the marble path, the goal is for the center of the marble to have exactly one path it can follow, and to never have that path going uphill.  I am assuming friction is negligible because of how easy it was to get marbles started again.
14:09 Tbh here. It might not be a problem that the marbles get stuck, as they get unstuck with the smallest of vibration as you have shown just there. E.g. the kind of vibration that the marble gate makes when it opens and closes. But if you want to be even more sure that it won't get stuck increase the angle by a little bit. Also making the surface more slippery might help. But instead of graphite I suggest clear lacquer (but you have to find the right one) or even better a sheet of PTFE.
I think the sharp angles are giving you inconsistent forces. There might be a minimum radius that you want to work with.
(mario/washers)..."this boy has lost his mind"
Don't be. This is a journey. As part of the journey side roads and detours are part of the exploration. Let's turn the music on and find a random road to journey down together.
This part looks very sensitive to pipe diameter, and I think that's why marbles are getting stuck at the sharper, and otherwise more desirable angles.  Because the pipe diameter is too large, marbles can buckle inside the pipe, altering the angle forces are applied from vertical and wedging marbles into the corners.  Complicating things further is the multi-step adaptation you made to the original concept. This increases the marble pressure drop, but also allows the buckling to be more pronounced.
I remember when he was making a musical instrument.
If the design failed when you tilted it back, create an adaptor before it so you can keep it at 90 degrees
Make the design so it conforms to the inclination of the channel, I know you are trying to make a single design for all channels but there might not be a lot of different inclinations. If there are then we got a problem.
Decisions benefit from additional time taken to deliberate upon them. If you had finished already, you would have a machine that does not work. I don't care how long it takes, I want to see it work. You shouldn't be embarrassed at all.
9:30 - martin loses his marbles temporarily
I have to thank the Youtube Algoritm for recommending the second channel to me.
Martain, I think your problem also is in the slot down the front of the zigzag, this hole increases tolerance for the marble to move further. Maybe you should make the outer corners solid but the dropping arias slotted, you may have better results.
With the test tracks being flat internally you get less friction across the whole marble. Your tolerances on the current design, impressive but too tight. Count how many points of contact there are across the whole rolling marble in a 3D atmosphere. (3:12) When you do your testing across all the marble paths look at how little material the marble is touching across the whole rolling marble. The tolerances, while still being upheld they're much looser in comparison. Another minor inaccuracy is the use of a different much smoother material. Plexiglass is obviously much smoother than plywood. But this gives an opportunity to see just how little contact is made across the whole rolling marble with a flat track. (9:45) For shiggles make another version of your current design with flat walls and your existing path. I hope this helps in your quest!
isn the mmx not vibrating so hard marbels never go stuck?
hodler :)
To be honest Martin, isn’t the MMX taking a long time the best thing that could have happened to you while the whole world is shut down for COVID? How would you be able to go on the world tour when no-one can watch you play?   Use this extra time to make the MMX the instrument you always dreamed of, and then in another year when the world returns to a relative normal you will be ready to break the internet for a second time.
9:14 Alright, now we have to hear the Mario theme played on the MMX when it's finished!
The track that makes you happy! Roll on player.
Marbles are evil, hahahahaha!!!
Great work Martin and things are looking promising with this new design. Be safe.
Sexy haircut!
Go for the most reliable marble track design with static measuring BUT you will get some vibration when the marble machine is running and that should also help reduce the marble stiction in the gates.  Do not design with the vibration in mind but be aware that it will be a beneficial side effect.
I feel like solely relying on complicated paths in wood to attain a certain output pressure is going to be hard make reliable.
Finally a new MMX video
for a lot of reasons, plywood shouldn't be final material for production machine
Martin: I’ve got a small scale here  Me: Small scale experiments!
You could probably make the zig zag pretty much vertical, rather than like a stair case, that'll make the angle matter a lot less, and the pressure displacement should still be similar.
Make it so none of the channels tip backwards.  This will help get to one design for all channels.
I really enjoyed the second channel, I am quite happy to watch videos about your time in the shop. I don't need highly produced videos, just being along with you on the journey of making this amazing contraption is why I'm watching. If you want to make story quality videos that's fine, but please don't quit having us along in the shop.
I think marbles are getting stuck because you're pushing them upwards with your finger, something that a normal gate won't do, it's just gonna stop the marble from falling but it won't push it back through the path. I saw the wintergaten 2 video and I had the same thought.
🙂🙂
Somewhat unsurprisingly, there seems to be a trade-off between marble output pressure and tendency to jam.
I hope you tested all angles with each design. I have serious doubts the question mark design would have worked properly at the angle you placed the first design.
Try last again with another stage for a "chamber finger".  Add hole to front with a pushrod that is on a compression spring.  This will mechanically assure NO jams but will increase parts and pulls the assembly "slight;y" forward.  Watching carefully.  ~ Mr Day
This test won't be accurate as you cut the channels square and in the other one's round like the marble
Martin, you need to go easier on yourself for wanting to make a machine with such ambitious goals. You're learning and keep moving forward with your ability to design, so even if the machine takes forever, it has already been worth the investment of time in yourself.
#5 needs a steeper decline at the end of the tract.
3D Print it... It is an easy way.
Nice hair style martin 😎
Would a small metal plate help reduce the friction in the question mark design where it's getting stuck?
Martin: I'm not sure you realize how similar your engineering problem is to the engineering of the trigger of a firearm.  You want low pressure on the trigger to cause the hammer/striker to be released, and that part needs to have plenty of force to set off the cartridge.  (You also want reliability, so that the firearm doesn't discharge itself without your pulling the trigger.)  You might want to look at how triggers in firearms work.  Please also note that "stuck" is in some ways a desirable outcome.  It means that there is zero pressure on the marble gate and it's all behing absorbed by the track.  You might want to consider getting the marble deliberately stuck, then figuring out how to release it through the mechanism.  All in all, considering that if it works all the marble gates will be identical, you might want to bite the bullet and go back to the original submitted design, and have them machined in something that will be more precise than your plywood tracks.
Wouldn't the question mark design work if the right wall was in a slight angle? It kinda looked like the top marble was pressing directly downwards on the bottom one getting it stuck. But with just a little bit of pressure to the left and it would move.
Technically number 5 had a minimum of 0.
Odd question maybe, by *why* are some of the channels not 90 degrees?  Is it an option to change this to avoid this complication?  Also, have you considered that you might be inadvertently causing the marbles to become stuck?  I notice you push them back up the channel a little when testing the drop.  Perhaps a contributing factor?
9:14 yo wtf
I'm rooting for the long question mark, or #4.
As you add marbles, the weight of the stack adds friction to the ones in the top of the zig-zag, which is why the track works with a few marble, but some stick with a long row behind them.
The key part of the original pressure-relief design is that there are multiple marbles stacked vertically, so there's no possibility of marbles getting stuck. Your versions don't do this, and instead only have one marble in each point of a zig-zag, which is why they don't work correctly. Unless you can figure out how to pull your designs back to look much more like Roseiro's, where marbles are stacked instead of sitting in their own individual notches of a zig-zag, it's going to keep being like this.
Wilson food time. 🤣
Brown Bear.
The beauty of the original design is that there is a single point where the pressure it relieved. In all of the subsequent designs, you're doing too much and giving the marbles too many choices on where to relieve the pressure.  Why not keep it simple and only do a single zig zag like the original design - no over-rotation - and otherwise keep smooth transitions leading into the marble 'brake' zig.
HODL!!!
I would rather this project take 5 years and it be so amazingly documented on youtube, successes and follies, than to see you on tour later this year. Take your time and stop feeling guilty, we LOVE the content we love YOU. :)
7:44 I'm concerned he's going in loops with this gate design. He should be testing an exact copy of the one he keeps referencing in that other video as a control piece on the MMX. Rather than taking the concept of it and running it through the Great Martin Filter and now he's back at a design we've seen him test before.
Perhaps if the vertical edge on the top of the question mark design was slanted inwards to a higher degree, the marbe on top would rest asymmetrically on the marble below it, pushing the bottom marble to the left?
Just heard that Daft Punk is quitting. Wintergatan to the rescue! And a record once every 5 years is easy for Martin.
Why should it be surprising that in the "question mark" the marbles got stuck? One just has to think about in which direction the marbles will roll when moving forward. At one point where the bend vhanges direction the released marble will turn counterclockwise, applying clockwise torque to the next marble. Normally, on a continous bend, this would go against that next marble's rolling direction, slowing it a tiny little bit. But because the bend is turning direction, at one point the next marble will roll down the gradient clockwise - ehich means the torque applied by the friction of the marble befor it will now work in the same direction, accelerating this marble and pushing forward, wedging the preceedingmarble against the walls. EVERY marble drop with a backbend s-curve will provoke a jam.
I had no idea there was another channel.  I was thinking "oh go something catastrophic happened with the MMX and he can't even find it in himself to update us" for weeks lol. But hey, now I know I have a bunch more videos to go watch.
In life nothing is ever finished. Design and art are the same.
Oh gooood, he's not dead.
a couple ideas for you to think about 1 wood is softer than plywood, so the marbles can 'dig in' especially in high pressure situations.  2 the MMX will be shaking at all times just due to the flywheel/other moving parts etc. so every cue will get continuously agitated. 3 you only sanded the plywood surface, applying a clear finish like varnish/urethane can make the surface 1 smoother(less friction) and harder (less wear from marbles)  also coming from a guy that works in designing stuff for hard rock mines, there is no ore bin that wont get clogged. only some that get clogged less often. basically every ore bin need an agitator of some type, some mine its throw in a stick of TNT, other mines the have sound or air cannons to shake it up. basically dont feel like a failure if the marbles get stuck, its bound to happen sooner or later, just make sure you have a plan to get them unstuck. so if in all your designs so far, a small tap is all it took to get unstuck, then IMO thats a success.
The reason the marbles get stuck is because they "overshoot". Instead of the marble above forcing the  marble below down the path, the marble above "overshoots" it's target and hitting the marble below at a angle wich forces the marble into the wall of the marble path.  I think just tighter tolerances in the machining fixes this
discordians? Which pope authorized this
The pressure thing is kinda logical, more pressure = more pushing on the marbles = less getting stuck
if you take #5 and add a screw that comes in from the front (read adjustable from the front here) that you can screw in just micro amounts that will push the marble away from the wall to eliminate the sticking.    I think #5 would no longer stick.   Something to try.
The marble getting stuck wont be an issue on the full machine. Because a simple light tap unstick it. The full machine jostles and vibrates enough to negate any sticking in these.
Heh... Hodler.
Really loving the new format!  Please keep it up.  Also, the gag with the "?" block from Mario was hilarious!  Thank you.
If you make the question mark one marble taller it won't get stuck - it's stuck because you have two marbles trying to turn on top of each other.  You need another in the middle just going straight.
wtf I didnt know there was a second channel :O
The second channel is unnecessary. Why not just put all videos here?
#2 👍
how about bending the pipe end to a spiral/circle, wouldn't that be simpler and reduce the marbles pressure? whats the weight of a single marble? also you can add PTFE (teflon) strips to the top and bottom of the gates so it will lower the friction. also if you design the right lever system for pulling the gate, no matter how strong the pressure of the marbles, the gate will be able to move without a problem...
Marbles ARE evil!
Why do some marble pressure gates have to be slanted?  It might be worth making them all straight, that way you can have one gate design that will work perfectly without too much pressure.
I would go for design 2 or 3, more pressure on the plate means more pressure pushing the marbles out and they wont get stuck, but still within acceptable parameters
A like for the Mario reference.
Am now following this project ever since the first marble machine was introduced to the world. I do have the feeling that Marvin is making less and less progress. It could be biased and a lot could happen in the background, but if you look at what is showing in the recent videos...
Please think about yourself, although yes the daily uploads are great, your mental and physical health are more important. I have seen to many youtubers fall into depression by overworking themselves! I believe in the MMX and want to see you on stage some day!
The Mario level was brilliant XDDDDDDDD
The building of the machine itself is performance art, as long as you're enjoying the process, don't feel bad on our account! I for one dread the silence after the world tour ;)
Plywood is not the correct material to absorb the pressure. I think these parts should be made of plastic. POM could be a good material. It's is used in parts to replace metal, it combines low-friction and high-wear resistance with high strength and stiffness. It is even possible to CNC machine a POM piece, but I'm not sure if Martin's CNC machine is good enough for it. (I think it will require coolant) I use POM a lot to replace broken parts, it is a great material. Martin, go POM on this piece!
Martin -- TAKE. YOUR. TIME with this project and make it awesome; we don't mind. You do you, buddy.
A small piece of spring steel could probably be added to push the stuck marble downwards and keep them from getting stuck
Glad you moved back to the main channel :) Let's fight perfectionism at least as hard as we strive for it XD
Each iteration he gets further away from what made the other guy's pressure relief system so good.
Is the clamp demagnetized?
On #5 when it is stuck, the stuck marble looks like it would actually have to push the marble pressing on it upwards to get passed.  If the angle it had to travel back towards the tube was more downward I think it would not hang up.
I think the bigger project is your relationship with Youtube. Pretty sure last year you said something along the lines of the videos being a distraction from the project, now you're talking about near-daily videos.
I know it isn’t exactly scientific but the marble machine does probably vibrate slightly when it’s going. That’s probably enough to keep the marbles flowing in track five. Not exactly trust worthy though.
I, too, wish I had just found out about the seco channel bc binge watching wintergatan is my most favorite pass time
i think is possible to estimate the characteristics before making them  if you take 3 marble you can calculate an angle by adding all this angle i think we can have a indicator of the friction divide this number by the amount of marble in the piece and it may give a significative number  is just i suppose
I actually laughed when the marble pipe fell down 11:20
The part can be at whatever angle you want, as long as the channel matches the correct verticality.
Are you a genius? I mean like can you let me know what your IQ is? Also, what tablet is that?
Hey man, Just wanted to tell you I love the daily video's on the 2 channel - even if progress seems slow, being able to follow almost every step is absolutely amazing.
Martin, maybe there is a problem with the round cut at the outer side of the angles working like a wedge increasing the pressure on the leading marbles. Try to cut the zigzag with sharp corners.
The hardest day will be when you deem it complete.
It's a shame that you can't work on the basis of there always being a certain number of marbles in the feed tube, else you could use a U-bend formation to reduce the pressure.
But whats the point of this?
Nice work Martin! Glad to see it's back on the main channel!
What my engineer brain sees when the marbles get stuck:  When a tight train of marbles (the train is tight when stopped) is rolling in the path, the back side of one marble is going one way, and the front of the one behind is going the opposite way, so when the marble rolls on the wood, there is friction with the marble behind.   In order to not bind, the weight of the marble must overwhelm this friction.  The over-rotation versions multiply this effect.  The static friction is high than the dynamic friction, so is ok once things are moving.  You can’t lower the marble-marble friction coefficient, but you CAN lower the marble-plywood friction by putting a bearing at the downstream side of the corner, so that the marble can roll off the one behind instead of having to slip while it rolls on the plywood.    I’ll send a sketch.
rigzilla looks cool for a mini boss
Don‘t understand why he don‘t uses the perfect solution that was suggested in the video from the other guy. With the marbles coming from the top and only one zigzag. The solution is already there ... why he keeps searching for it?
On the question mark #5, if the curve where it changes direction is increased to be about 2.125 marble diameter, instead of what is seen as 2, it would likely remove the catching caused by the top marble in the curve. The increase would shift how the marbles are interacting and pressing on each other.
I wonder who will finish first Wintergatan MMX or ClickSpring Antikythera?
Martin, it will never get stuck !!! you must realize that mmx has its own vibration that you can use in this case. you test the question mark shape under ideal conditions without any minimal air movement and such are not present in the machine. I think that you treat each of the modules as a separate part of the machine a bit too much, but they are supposed to harmonize with each other and, just like the drive belt, it has to make the whole machine move, the vibrations in the machine are also part of it :) test the question mark shape directly into machine 1 or 2 or 10 million without stuck is no problem for that.
You could find the optimal angles that create the least amount of pressure.  then measure the angle they are mounted on the mmx and adjust your design in cad so all the marble path angles are the same.  It seemed like when you tilt the design back some of the angles become nearly flat and the marbles jam there.
"Marbles are evil"
What happened to "I'm not cutting my hair until the MMX is done"?
“PMM hodler” #dogecoin
Why cut the tracks on cnc when you could 3d print to the design specifications? higher tolerances?
The most beautiful machined instrument that's never truly complete. I've been watching him build this for years and right when I think he's almost done, he adds more! Lol. Give me your brain!!! 🧠
Sorry, but every minute testing with plywood here is a minute wasted. It will get indentations, it will scuff, it will reshape with wear and tear. If you prototype with a more resistant material you'll find results which you can carry forward.   Even if you find the **perfect** plywood design it might not translate well with a harder material.....At least this is what i believe... :(
I wonder if Leonarda da Vinci struggled with similar feelings of self doubt.
CURVED MARBLE CATCHER WITH CONSTANT CONTACT RADIUS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  martin, do not forget about this... it will kill da moles
For the 5th solution... could a little bit more angle at the end of the track help to not get the marble stuck? It seems that the marble stuck is simply "sitting" cause the lane is too horizontal... Yes, you will have more pressure than 30g, but i think that the most part would disappear in the vertical part of the track... or maybe i need to sleep D: and you too my friend <3 gg
lubricating the pressure gates with graphite may help with the sticking.
Where the sugested design differs from yours is there is a single chicane that feeds directly into the gate.
It took me a while to realise that the other channel existed and the format of the vids was good and more favourable to making more vids so I'd say keep it that way.  I thought that this video was on the other channel.
At a glance I'd say a modified question mark is the way to go. It appears more compact while still highly performing.
You have to follow the laws of physics before making it artistic.
Well Done Martin. Great decision
that haircut is super cute
All the people that didn't know the second channel existed are really lucky. I wish I had 23 MMX videos I could go binge right now :(
Hi Martin, version 5 sticks because the vertical section is exactly two marbles long, this allows the force to travel through the centre of the marble and creating a vertical force direction that jams. Try starting the bottom right hand bend a little earlier, the force will then always be pushing the marble out. Hope this works for you.
All the people that didnt discover wintergatan 2 missed out on so much lol
Is your machining actually within tolerance?
"I had to say no to everything else but MMX" .... well except for those awesome bike rides along the French riviera ....
Is it obligatory to be made from plywood? There are a lot of engineering plastics that can be bought as sheets as thick as plywood and could solve a lot of this friction issues.
Am liking no 2. Good to have you back Martin
Im glad you are back here
How about a slight change of thought process: Use a P-Trap like with a kitchen sink. A P-Trap will trap a small quantity of marbles inside of your marble path, but after the P-Trap your marbles can fall straight down with no more horizontal winding. Basically you rely on the weight of incoming marbles to push the remaining marbles over the P-Trap. So long as you keep the marble pipes full enough with marbles, you will have a steady flow of marbles without getting stuck.  Tl;dr - try out a design where marbles *always* get stuck unless there is enough marbles. Like the p-trap of a sink drain.
日本のテレビ番組で紹介されてましたね。 私は3年前からチャンネル登録してました。
Don't worry about how long it takes.  I don't know what I'll watch when your done.
I feel like this design will add a lot of noise to the marble machine.
Martin, you realize with the vibrations of the machine chances are the marbles won't stay stuck for more than a microsecond.
Clunky Precision. I/we can't express how much we *love* your work Martin.
I feel like the reversal on the question mark designs will always give more of a chance of a marble getting stuck.
I think that the material is influencing the jam, the plywood pine wood is very soft and when the marbles hit against it an imperceptible dent is generated, and there is a pause between each marble that advances, since the pressure is not enough to remove to the marble of the dent.  This could deepen over time. It would be nice to try the design on rigid plastic or metal.
On Nr. 4 there was an angle on the right side to "push" the marble out if they would ever get stuck on Nr. 5 its straight, which means marbles do get stuck. Have that in mind and fix design Nr. 5
Yes! Haven’t seen a MMX video in so long I’m overjoyed that the next one is here!! Never going to stop watching till the end :)
Martin: mmx is better then all other things  Also Martin: *procrastinating*
Hi, if you want something that works, check the newton equations and make the X component as high as possible while keeping a Y component at all times in your geometry.
0:22 _YOU_ started a new YouTube channel (Wintergatan 2). _YOU_ made like, 20 daily uploads. Give yourself more credit, Martin. You work your ass off.
I think the problem is you have a nook that fits exactly 2 marbles. When you add the pressure of the other marbles they get stuck. So if you make that nook less than two marbles or just above, I think the problem is solved.  I like the question mark design. It’s simple, so it should be easier to diagnose and have less edge case problems. All it does is relieve pressure and drop the marble straight down.
i think it gets stuck because of friction from rusted marbles, the top marble and the bottom of the marble path is pinching the marble as if it was two fingers, and you can pinch the marble with two fingers on positions that are pretty closer together the more friction you have with the marble, so when you use the new marbles you will get different measurements on the scale and different rate of getting stuck.
Looks like over rotation was contributing a lot the marbles getting stuck. This means you could potentially mill the paths straight through and just put thin plywood or acrylic dividers between the channels to act as walls.
It's not like you have done nothing the last couple of years. You have managed to create an awesome Youtube channel with a lot of subscribers and fans and a great community in addition to that! You will have great use of all this going forward in life. I personally can't wait to see the machine live when you're going on your world tour and I'm really excited to see what projects and music you will do with the machine and also after the machine is finished :)
Mario👍
You are ashamed that it's taking so long? I just hope you keep building for the next 20 years. So I can keep watching your videos. And I hope that when you finish this one you start making another crazy instrument. Like a drone operated violin or something. Your product are the videos, the experience, the thought processes. To be honest, I don't care to much for the destination, because the road to it is so much fun. I don't know, but I'm guessing I'm not alone in this...
When's the MMX lego set coming out?
Martin - is it possible that the rusted marbles are introducing friction into the marble track?
With all the motion in the machine, the marbles will never actually get stuck. Whenever they do, they dislodge at the slightest bump. I don't see why this is such a huge concern.
"A little Asterix" - confirmed french
Me: Why does my friends always telling me I'm too childish? Also me: 9:14
Just put a metal shim on the fifth design so it just slides the marbles out.
Hi Martin What pad/ipad are you drawing on and what program/app are you useing? (10:50)
What about turning the channels 90° to the side. Yes, it would ask for some awkward pathing, but shouldn't that lessen the effect of the piece tilting?
While you are looking at horizontal and vertical pressure and seeing marbles getting stuck, I think you have two other things in work that are not present in the original design.  First is the marbles moving in other directions due to extra play in the wood designed element.  This play is where some marbles are getting stuck while others are not.  Second is the friction of wood vs plastic or other compounds.  This will also increase the likelihood of a marble getting stuck.  If you had plastic inserts that you could placed to absorb the vertical and horizontal pressure it might run smoother and over time you decrease the chances of wearing divots into the wood causing marbles to get stuck.
While it's definitely good to know which designs are more likely to get stuck it seems like even the lightest bump causes the marbles to start flowing again.  Given how much vibration there is in the MMX while it's playing, marbles getting stuck in the pressure gate may not be to much of an issue.
I'm no physician, but My thought s are that if the pressure on the measure is less than about 40g, chances are high that the friction of the marbles to the wall is hitting the threshold to getting stuck. This is true for the length of the test tracks, which are all the same length in these tests. So if you select a design with less friction and less chance for getting stuck and add one more "step", the track will be stretched, more force is being absorbed by the wall in sum, but less friction is holding each marble so they won't stick.
you'll get demonitazed by nintendo.. lol
Is there a reason you’re not 3D printing this to get sharper angles?
If you make the channel wide enough that the marbles can zig-zag a little, does that help? I'm picturing like a funnel, where one marble sits at the base, and the marbles behind it are allowed to plop a little to either side, and the further back you go, the more they're able to shift until you get to _almost_ wide enough for them to form a triangle pattern.
With the question-mark gate, I'm wondering if the core issue is the fact that your wood is ever so slightly compressible, so that the marble might form a tiny dent in the wood that it can get stuck inside.  Can you glue a thin piece of steel at the last pressure point so it's no longer compressible?
Damn all these comments have more likes because he's back on the bigger channel, feels good to be back
So the main thing I'm seeing, is why go for two 90-etc angles? I know the stair step looks great, but when it comes down to it, you can't discount the original concept, because you're adding another one... What's with the double? Are you trying to store more marbles in the pressure valve, adding more fail points? Or do you need to store marbles elsewhere?
9:13 Nintendo Lawyers want to know your location
stops making videos because youtube took away too much time.... makes 2nd channel with daily uploads  yeah seems legit
NEW EPISODE NEW EPISODE NEW EPISODE
Is vibration being accounted for? As the MMX works under normal conditions, I would think that the vibration of the machine would ensure that marbles in that track 5 wouldn't get stuck.
Where is a 6th version from preview, Martin?) Is it a gamechanger?)
AsteriSK not asteriks.
I think more of the problem with the ? design is the friction. Remember that the marbles are rotating inside, and as soon as you change direction in the track the rotation will change too. That means that the bottom part of the marble above wants to move right, while the top of the marble below wants to move left. Since they are pushing against each other this slight friction won't let the bottom marble roll to the left anymore. So I'd recommend avoiding paths that start going in the opposite direction as much as possible?
you should install a marble drainage system on you floor or on your table
What if you took your last design and made the back of the ? Longer. It looks like it is trying to pinch the marbles. With the back slightly longer it seems like it might have a better chance of not getting stuck on that point.
How about a round question mark? The marbles get pushed into the corners and get stuck there.
What if you just added something that vibrates the pressure gates?
Being subscribed to this channel means I get suggestions of every automata ever made, it's been enjoyable.
WAIT THERE WAS A SECOND CHANNEL!?!????
Martin, have you considered lubricating the inside of these pressure reducers with graphite or soap or wax to prevent the marbles from getting stuck? Rubbing a bar of soap on wood will leave just enough of a film to make it slippery. I have fixed doors that rub on the door frame, making a loud noise and getting stuck, just by rubbing a bar of soap over the part that has excessive friction. This trick may work for your pressure reducers as well.
The angle of the tracks is critical to ensure that the marbles flow freely. If you want a 'universal' design, you cannot have the marble tracks on various channels aligned at different angles ("on some channels of the machine the gate is going to be a little bit backwards 5:36"). The tilting is causing some of the angled channels to be in a near-vertical position, resulting in the marbles getting stuck.
It’s like going to a family reunion
Martin, I remember a while back when you mentioned needing to focus more on design and construction and spend less time on making the videos.  You said you would be making less content to achieve this goal (I think you used Tomatoes and Tomato sauce as an object lesson example).  To hear you at the start of this video mention switching to daily content is a bit confusing.  We always love to see more content, but we also are okay going a bit longer between videos.   If this new format leads to higher productivity for you, then God bless it!  But if you need to go back to releasing a video every second or third wednesday (or more!)  We're for that too.  Whatever's better for your health and work ethic in that order.
I'm not convinced by your pressure measuring. When you slide the scales back underneath you are slightly pushing the marbles back up ... which isn't something that will happen in normal operation. You need to measure successive falls of the marbles ... and you might need a sideways escape in your testing to enable this.
the moment you realize this is the "main" wintergatan channel and not wintergatan 2 about when he says hello to people from wintergatan 1
Wintergattan, Rossero gave you the solution. It was perfect. You need to deal with it. Don't try to improve cuz you're making it worse.   If the machine is not level and that cause problems level de machine! No amount of "outside the box" thinking will overcome gravity. It is a a gravity machine, it relies on being level to work. Bake it into the design instead of fighting it. Good is enough. It already makes music. Perfection is for God. You are just human. Accepted it and have the glory or fail eternally.
Haven't seen many comments on this, but nice haircut 👌
With the entire marble machine shaking i wonder to what extent it lowers the chances of marbles getting stuck. Beyond that was confused why this construction needs to be angled if something it connects to is angled. Can't this always be at 90 degrees and then depending on the next angle have a couple more or less degrees at the end? (Thus not being a square)
I love Martin, even when he has the haircut of a lesbian from the '80s.
I really like your video and I'm a fan of your MMX. But, I'm sorry, during this video I have pay my attention to your haircut 😂 I think that have changed after the last Wintergatan 2 videos. Or, maybe, it's because you did not put your cap today 🤔. But anyway! Do your best I hope the MMX will be finished soon! 👍 (oh! And I apologize, my English was terrible like lot of French)
If you make the dropper with Teflon runners surely the pressure of the marbles will not be an issue and this part will not be needed????
If only you could use the song "Under Pressure" by Queen without angering the copy protection gods.
Is number 5 really a problem on the complete machine when the whole thing vibrates and unlocks it?
Really happy to see the curved walls replaced by (mostly) square walls!  This is key to reducing the contact size and therefore friction between marble and wall.  This friction is the only thing which can make a marble defy gravity.  I think you can add back the look-through effect - at least if you put the "windows" into it where the marbles are dropping or rolling freely.  Remember the top and bottom edges to the window can be slanted so that you get a slightly wider view into the hole when seen from below or above.
I think that plywood is the wrong material for this job.
I really don't understand the idea of the 2nd channel. So I haven't bothered to view it.
Going to say it on this channel as well regarding Rossero's Gate.  Rossero's Gate was designed with one zig zag in mind, not two.  Not only does this add to the complexity and size of the design, it alters the expected forces on the design, which then causes unexpected behaviors.  I advise having a look at Rossero's Gate in its presented capability.  Also, why are some of the marble gates not vertical?  And why can't they be?
@Martin,  you should test these with a small impact to them. Because one channel will be returning and making a small impact each time. And these ones that freeze up, become un frozen with the smallest of impact on them
I was hoping for some melodies :(
Day 2: of commenting until Martin implements the "constant radius" marble divider.
The huge difference between roseros design and your design is that the marbles are coming in from the side and have more turns. The difference is that the marbles can be in different angles from above in your design making the pressure different. 20° angle with straight edges and marbles coming from above should do the trick.
13:10 It's getting stuck because there is too much friction between BOTH the marble above AND the wooden lane on the bottom.       -In order for the marble to ROLL down the lane, it would need overcome the friction with the marble on top in so it can rotate counter clockwise.        -In order for the marble to SLIDE down the lane, it would need to overcome the friction with the wooden lane.  If the marble overcame just one of these frictions, the marble wouldn't get stuck. But it's failing on both fronts.  SOLUTION: If the marbles gain back their oily sheen they would slide against each other easier and if you add a little graphite power to the marble lane it would reduce the friction between the wood.
I feel like iterating on design 4 nets the best result, by having that straight fall down in 5 you create too much friction on the last slope, causing either too much pressure or to much friction. But what do I know, just seeing it in my mind.The back angle instead of a straight fall down really does matter.
Have you considered that the marbles get stuck due to you pushing back against a marble that partially came out?
14:16 HODLER
I do wonder if they'll get stuck on the machine at all. You need to be careful when removing your hand because the slightest movement will make the marbles roll again. The MMX will be vibrating constantly when playing, so wouldn't that just shake the marbles and keep them moving?
why would some channels have to be tilted by that much?
Martin... dude... you are making something that have never existed before... the only thing like it is the think YOU made... when they were making the first airplane, did they give up cus they did not make it fast? ^^ No, they kept at it until they made it and it changed the world.
The MMX shakes a lot, I think the marbles will get loose.
It’s probably been said but if the question mark gate leaned back as you say they can, would that not get stuck easier.  Never be embarrassed about how long it takes part of me slightly wishes it would never end. This is my favourite thing on YouTube. The process is just as interesting as the final product will be. It’s a win win for all of us I think.
You may have to set a minimum pressure also for reliability. Seems like those in the 50 to 100 grams don't get stuck.
Nice haircut 👍
I'm not a mechanical engineer but doesn't have the chamfer you've got in your marble path have some negavie side effects? All the designs you've looked at had sharp turns internally. I've got a feeling this causes the energy to get lost more efficiently because you're not "bending" the force vector arround the corners. Have you tried that?
Nice haircut!
woop woop awesome
"The marbles are evil."
4:16 Hodler?
9:10 basically me on everything I'm doing
Martin will be the new Daft Punk one day!
I don't think I will hold my hand again from the unsubscribe button the next time. this time I just reminded my self why I subscribed at first
i guess plywood is not stable enough for that gates. Also i guess a square diameter would be preferable, and it has to be just a minimum bigger than the marbles.
You really can not stay focused.
I think you won't have these issues on the actual machine, the vibration of the machine itself should prevent sticking.
Short question, how do you handle the different degrees of dryness of the wood? You have already installed older parts, add new ones ... aren't there any problems?
Correct me if I'm wrong but I think the marble just before the last one could get stuck when it's tilted because it would mostly make contact with the outer wall rather than the last marble and could get wedged because it's being pushed "upwards" by the last marble I think it should touch just a little bit to the left of the last marble (from our viewpoint in the video) just like the other ones so that it puts a little pressure on the last marble even when it is tilted and the wall is kinda at the top  I'm not a native speaker so I hope you got what I'm trying to tell
Martin, I think you're getting marbles stuck (exmpl 5:30) because of the disign of the channel. It is round. Thus more contact points between marble and the plywood. If you make channels square you'll get less friction and less stuck marbles.
Do these have to be made of wood?!   I'm thinking you could achieve a greater angle change using metal rods making them much more like the 3d printed version, they would also be harder wearing. I also think that less changes of direction are better, part of the reason the 3d printed version worked so well is there is one change of direction making only one potential failure point...   Another bonus of only having one change of direction is you are using the marble pressure to ensure the direction change, the more marbles in the stack the more efficiently the lane will work. Right now the problem you are having is because there is the weight of only one marble pushing the stack to the next position, you are losing too much energy on the multiple direction change...
'Marbles are evil' - Martin Molin Feb 2021 I know of nobody better qualified to make that statement. :)
Loved the impromptu Mario sequence, gave me a good laugh!
Wintergatan 2 is just his smurf account
I still don't understand how we went from "I need to do less than one video a week, for quality" to "making one video a day, with the same quality as before". After several weeks of Wintergatan 2, it still does not make sense x)
Things that will never be done: Star Citizen, One Piece (Anime/Manga) Wintergatans Marble Machine
What if you took the zig-zag concept and just made it more vertical?  Multiple shallow angles ~30 degrees, but trending vertical down, less diagonal.  That way when you tilt it back, the sides still have significant slope against gravity.
I think reliability is by far the most important metric here. If 100g is an acceptable weight then the design should minimize the risk of marbles getting stuck within that constraint. A 40g weight is nice in that it exceeds spec, but if it is adding additional risk of failure it isn't worth it.
i always wait for your videos man
I know why you didn't upload any videos on the main channel.  you waited until you got a hair cut!
9:15 The Mario thing made me burst out laughing. Thanks Martin!
The last "question mark" track you can see where the marble leaves a dent in the wood, which may explain why it's getting stuck. Got to do something to harden the interior surfaces of the plywood marble paths. An epoxy or urethane/polyurethane resin of some sort should be able to do it. Then it's just a matter of soaking it, coating it, sanding it, and polishing it. And it'll be harder and less prone to wear or damage from the marbles going over it. That's why a plastic or metal version of the same part will work vs. plywood, they don't dent or mar as easily. Wood will need some finishing done to deal with the same conditions.
You should make a video on Wintergaten2 to say you've officially moved the series to the first channel.
Everytime the marbles get stuck, you push them in a little bit with your finger. Marbles getting pushed back up is not a MMX-scenario. At least it looks to me like that.
MMX vibrates when played and that might solve some light jamming issues in pressure gates but nice that Martin has found better solutions :)
Why work with angles? Can't you use natural rounding channels?
I really love this new phase of development.  I loved the concept from the beginning and it's a super-ambitious project.  I don't think you could have really known where the problems were going to be or how to get around them until you had somewhat of a prototype.  Now that you are breaking down each problem, identifying all the aspects of each piece, this has taken on new life and I'm excited for every video I see and for the day when this finally gets to go on tour.  I have no doubt that you will succeed, we are all rooting for you!
Imagine not knowing about the 2nd channel until this video
Is Martin a $TSLA sharehodler?
I can't wait for first song from the MMX...
When a marble gets stuck, you need to measure the diameter of the offending marble.
Hello buddy, nice haircut.
Didn't know there was a 2nd channel must have missed that video
little did he know (while filming), Daft Punk was about to end
9:25 😆😆
4:15 I see what you did there...
11:20: "i can never think that this marbles get stuck"  instantly another problem appears
I have lost interest in this. Can you email me when it’s finished?
I'm concerned about the stuck test and the initial angle of entry into the marble track. If it's flat, there will clearly be more resistance at different angles. Perhaps there needs to be a way to adjust the angle of the entry to the tracks for calibration. Seems like its smarter to have the angle level in respect to the machine, though marble machine is cramped as it is
Instead of using rounded inside corners add a slight bevel to them to prevent nesting.
I feel like it isn't good to have the screws bite in any but the final piece.
It feels like 5 steps forward and 30 steps back
Isn't the entire problem that the pressure is at 90 degrees instead of straight down?
Feels good to be subscribed to both channels 😂 Now I don’t have to worry about missing context or care about on which channel is uploaded 😆
Hmm, if you make the flywheel out of balance again, you can just jostle the marbles from sticking.
First one of your videos where I was expecting more :((((
Im so sorry. You look like a karen.
Martin, you are almost at the point I want you to design a nuclear reactor in my neighborhood.
The shaking of the machine should solve this problem
Isn't there just a lot of friction between the plywood and the metallic marbles causing them to get stuck? Would there be a lot less friction between plastic and a marble?
"I have a small scale here[...]" for small scale experiments? *bdum-tsss*
Why can't the tracks be level across all channels?
Marble Machine Monday
3:30 is not a good way to screw together pieces of wood. Doing like thas chews off the contact between the screw and the wood resulting in a weaker support. You should either clamp them together in position and screw them in one go or screw only as far as the screw barely passes the hole before continuing to the next piece. Doing it like that only the last piece being screwed on has a strong contact with the screw.
KISS.. why have the steps?  Rossero’s design wasn’t nearly as complex.
The thing about the Marbles getting stuck. If you notice even the slightest amount of movement will cause the stuck marble to move. The Marble Machine X is constantly vibrating/shaking. I doubt that those path ways (like the question mark one) with the stuck marbles would actually get stuck for any consequential time. I mean literally go back and watch the previous videos of the machine working and you can see it shaking like a maraca.
What if instead of the marbles hitting the plywood in the channel, there are wheels/pully's within the track, that spin with the marbles as they go through the track.
OMG the Mario bit had me rolling!!!
i find it hilarious that martin still doesn't put a shallow dish under his test rig to contain the marbles
Ironically, some of the MMX's vibration issues might have actually helped the jamming issues
You have two marbles in "horizontal" areas in the design, why not put a third marble in a horizontal plane?
would it be bether if the pipe came down from the top instead of from behind?
That SMB skit just made me laugh aloud & accidentally wake my wife up =) Oops! And also, love it!
Mario theme was brilliant
think there is too many angles, the gated one has just a few and I think with the added ones that it is causing more to be pushed in the wall at a harder angle. then you end up with the marbles getting stuck.
The solution is to make round curves in the bottom corners with a radius greater than the ones of the marbles to prevent them from getting stuck and to keep the upper corners sharp to reduce pressure, since they can not get stuck. That way it will be independent from the tilt angle.
Don’t forget to add all the videos from the second channel into this ones playlist!
There was a second channel? no wonder there was no new stuff here
Yay,  now I can show off my Wilson badge again 😅
Hello Martin.  I think the question mark is problematic, due to having marbles go right, then left, as they pass down.  Better if they're always going down and right, and more reliably having downwards and rightward force, enough to keep them moving, and not get stuck.
"Marbles are evil"
I did 100%
Have you, or any of the discord folks, given any thought to the effects of wear on the wood inside after lots of marbles crashing into the different turns in the marble tracks over time?
I suspect the slots in the front of the channels create wider tolerances as well as a clamping force where the marbles press into them.
lol  "PLMA hodler"  someone's been to wallstreetbets it seems
I need you to swear to me right now that you're never going to clean Wilson.
Do you not see that you are making a 1 step process into a 2 step thus causing the very problem by the second step. It has already lost the weight that pushes it through causing it to stick.
I wonder when you finally create a testing stand for them, so you can easily put hundreds of marbles through and decide which works better.
I gotta say, it was a little disappointing that I had to find wintergatan 2 by youtube's suggestion algorithm and the community wasn't told about the side project. Why not include the community in the trial?
Put that meme on Shirts and sell them in th store.
I missed you!!! Had no idea about this second channel!! I'll subscribe right away!
Pressure isn't measured in grams
Ditch the plywood for the pressure relief / marble gate! I think the plywood won't be reliable enough for this section. Maybe a plastic insert inside plywood to maintain the esthetic (or a plywood lining over the plastic), but functionality first!
Don’t forget your graphite powder.
Yo at 6:00 you gotta fire your boom mic technician
With the ? Design, it will get stuck less often when tilted. Even then, will the vibrations of the MMX not free the marbles anyway?
please don't do daily videos
Because the ? Mark has a spot wear the marble is stacked dead center of the other it makes a single  point contact on the marbles and wood . Making  the pressure  extremely  highly  at point of contact. Making the .so even  know it's a round ball it more like a tooth pic in the ? Make track wear it is getting  stuck.  contact  points need to be off set so ti can have slippage.  Keep in mind that if the contact point of off set that ar still all the other points of contact
Hello Martin. I see that there are friction and reaction forces between marbles and the wall and I understood from your design that you are using reaction forces to reduce pressure and friction forces are undesirable in this case. So, I would suggest applying some lubricant to see if the balls do not get stuck again. If this works, I recommend changing the material from wood to some kind of self-lubricating 3D printed plastic part. I copied a link to one manufacturer's website that produces this kind of material. I worked with this kind of material and it is very impressive how it eliminates friction.  https://www.igus.com/info/3d-printing-service
Not that I'm complaining- Mario washers was awesome, but you may have a little cabin fever...
9:14 my brain during the examn
It has new game  What game?  I want to play it! The game is called Mario Twins  They look the same  Well  Good gawd...they look so God damn like the same person I would say to them You want ice cream cone? Both of them say yes
This analysis sounds like my old vector analysis homework.
In number 5, the marbles are becoming stuck because of the pressure from the marble above being more than the pressure pushing it out. If you kept the top half the same and angled the bottom slightly more downwards, it might help. He probably already knows this though but I thought I would say it anyway.
You over complicated the prototype design. You have 2 stages instead of 1.
I heard you say HODLer at 4:20
Have you ever wondered whether the problem is actualle that the assembly is made of wood that has pores/uneven surfaces?
Long time no upload
Take your time, get it right, don’t give up! You’re doing great!
I've gotten so used to Wintergatan 2 videos that I assumed this was one too.
9:15 of all these years watching Wintergatan this is by far the funniest/silliest moment ever hahahahahahahahaha
hodler
I dont want you to finish the mmx. What will I do with my time then? Love your videos and know that your finished masterpiece will leave a emty hole in me. So dont be embarrast for taking some extra time, I’m certain everybody loves this time!
I hope Martin watched the NASA conferance on Perserverance and heard the engineers on the project talk about the moment they thought the mission would never come to fruition and use that as inspiration for the MMX.
上手だよ
What if there was something to be used to catch the falling marbles on the test bench... 🤔 Like a low walled plastic box or so. Naah, crazy idea.
Love the hair
One question about the whole design. Why do you want horizontal to vertical when you can have vertical mount? Because the original design of the pressure relief sistem have a vertical tube, non horizontal.
Hodl! Hodl that PMMA!
How many things in your life get measured in marbles now?
I'm impressed on haw focus you're!!  Grade job!!!!!
The super mario thing got me. Memes are a valuable contribution.
I ought to join your discord and submit some CAD 😁
Test block 5's flaw is the marble directly above the sticking one is sitting directly on top of it.  So it's pushing straight down, and the floor of the stuck marble is level, so there is nothing to influence it left or right.  On test block 4, the upper marble resting point is noticably past straight up and down, so it imparts a bit of side force.  So either adjust the upper marble's resting point over a touch, or angle the floor for the stuck marble?
Looking fresh Martin
Another is going to be accoustical as the Jagged stops will absorb pressure but create sound in the process.  Do that on more channels more sound.
Please 3D print it
I just hope wilson to be in the world tour somewhere on the stage
Is it just me or does it look like you accidentally push the marbles up with your hand, just a mm or 2 up when testing the 5th one? And that is actually what makes the marbles stuck? The same when you move the scale. The marbles get pushed a bit back causing them to get stuck. I don't know, just an observation
Martin, it took SpaceX years to land a falcon 9. Do not beat yourself up, you are doing an amazing job, and without making mistakes you would not learn a thing. "From the ashes of disaster grow the roses of success."
The Mars rover took 8 years to design, build, and land on Mars. Some things take time, hence: Perseverance. I look forward to seeing the MMX landing on the world stage.
Got rid of the head-cap? Oh yeah, new haircut indeed!
Wilson, you need a stander.
Dislikes are moles
I think I see why the marbles get stuck.  The one above it is pushing it into the corner, and the pressure from the system prevents the bottom marble from pushing past. (Visible around 13:28)  A slight redesign to prevent this from happening (slanting the path so there are no corners as opposed to rounding the corners) should prevent this.
You need a regulator,   the current marble locks the next,   like a just a little lever blocked by the the next ball
Food time xd
You should keep posting short, lower-effort videos on the second channel just so we can get in-between updates and more content in general. Keep this channel around 15 minutes, keep the second channel around 5-10 minutes of edited footage, that way you don't have to worry about creating content for almost-daily videos and we still get our fix
I think you could do a test with 10000 marble with all the different new pressure path. One per channel. Just to get to know them better and get a feel for them.
Would the marbles get stuck on the actual machine though? They seem to take very little vibration to get lose again and even with all the vibration reduction you did on the MMX,it should still be shaking them lose on it's own?
I like ya cut g
Consider the possibility of residual magnetism affecting marble flow through the channels
rossero's video had them coming from the top not the side  I think you're missing how gravity plays a role in that design.  You need the ability for marbles to "fall" once the lower marble moves
Did somebody say PMMA Hodler?
Let's be real, true fans were watching on wintergatan 2
The high weights comes from pushing the marbles back up the cue (+ extra pressure for pushing the marbles in the wood). For consistent measures you have to empty the cue, place the scale underneath and fill up the cue again.
It's Monday, my dudes. And Martin has a new haircut.
I'm saying this from a place of bro-love, that haircut makes you look like a Karen.  Get rid of it.
5:50 the inside design can be always 90° and outside design can be whatever you want °
It still feels like on the stuck design it would be fine if it was narrower?
This is literally the best MMX video yet. Hilarious
So, on he 2nd question mark design the one from discord, if you gave the side on the right a slight angle, like a 1 o clock angle, I bet it would work perfectly.
How about the grafite powder, would the marble pressure rise when friction decreases.. that would make it hard to controle.
7:31 "Marbles are EVIL" - Martin 2021
grown man playing with marbles  made more money with this one video than I did working all week
You mention that you know some channels will tip out of vertical. Is the amount of tipping consistent? If it is then why not have vertical gates and angled gates? That is two form factors instead of just one. Granted, if the tipped gates are all different then that would be a lot of work.
more short video's is probably better for the algorithm (bows head) all praise be its name for it knows all and rules our life's unseen
I believe! And hey did you see the hair? ;)
So it looks like the marbles are always getting stuck in the same position.  What if you adjust the length of the marble path such that when the marbles are sitting against the gate they arent in the position where they stick? That way when the marbles get to that position they are always in motion and can move past the sticking point.
did you say hodler? :D 4:17
sorry im skipping this episode im not turning into an enginnering nerd, i need your music please
Hej Kan du inte sätta en liten metallbit som böjer sig minimalt precis där den nedersta kulan fastnar i det sista "frågetecknet"? Menar något liknande som sitter på alla microbrytare i spelkontroller, tangentbord och liknande. Tänker att den bara behöver minsta lilla hjälp för att inte fastna, i och med att det var så svårt för dig att få till felet. Hoppas du förstår vad jag menar, för om det fungerar, så även om det blir ett moment extra i tillverkningen så har du ju bara ett visst antal gates som ska sitta på maskinen så det blir överkomligt kanske 😁
Demonitized by Nintendo
I have an idea, it seems the marbles are getting the friction from the walls so instead of redesign just take out the V and then graphite it so the balls slip more easily. or put different material on the faces holding the most weight.
Omg, the Mario part. XD
So, you're embarassed by how long it is taking, but the truth is, I'm gonna he really sad when its done because I dont get anymore update videos.
Be careful with screws, please. Holes for screw between plywood pieces can make crack on tightening.
Martin, have you thought about the possibility that the inner channels of those pressure gates will eventually have a "dent" on the walls getting the most pressure? That would make a possible point of stuck-marble-itis, maybe inlaying a metal sheet cutaway on those inner walls will make the marble flow better and not get stuck?
“But... marbles are evil.”
Great job! Like always!  I think you have your desing lol. Number 4 is the best choice from these. The best pressure-wise are number 4 and number 1, stuck-wise are all but number 1. So I think naturally the best one is number 4.
Was that a Mario Bros reference ¿
experimentation is my favorite thing ever. I love it and I am glad you have accepted experimentation into your heart.
Maybe try Delrin? It has way less stiction than wood.
I am wondering if it would make sense to machine some of the parts out of aluminum. The router could handle that. It would also wear better than the wood. Especially over areas that get allot of use.
The marble pressure is making flat spots in the soft wood which is why they are getting stick!! 3d print the new lanes and they won’t stick 👍🏻
GREAT Work & Inspiring !!!
Reduction in pressure = sticking. They are the same thing. The friction has to come from somewhere to hold the pressure of the marbles back. Think about it. For the pressure to be 0, you would need no marbles resting on the scale. That's exactly what stuck marbles provides.
martin: these tests are not real life. put all the designs on the machine and test it for a couple of hours.
Your thumbnail image bothers me because 3 comes before 2
nice hair
why not plastic marble tracks?
#2
Martin I still think the constant radius marble divider is your best best to avoid future problems. I know you really want to preserve your old divider but sometimes replacement is better than revision
omg I've been a member here since it was available and I didn't know there was a 2nd channel :o  ive been wondering where you went the past month LOL
2:46 buggy hand
Mario running left is proof that Martin has gone mad.  Seriously, though. I've been thinking about something for a few months, and I don't know if it helps, but I sure hope so, because I love watching this whole process. The point is, to me Martin is a man of the renaissance in that he's dedicating his whole life to his magnum opus. I find that extremely admirable. Going through the experimentation, the frustration, and the successes. That, to me, is what we humans came to this world to do.  So I salute you, Martin, and all the people who support the MMX project. You're what greatness looks like to me.
There must be fifty ways to achieve creeping elegance...
Hi Martin. I asked myself : shouldn’t you make those pieces 3D printed ? Maybe it would give less friction ? Also, in the concept this guy sent you, marbles are rolling down in square holes, not cylinder holes. Couldn’t you drill square cylinders in this particular piece ?
No. 1 stucks at 10:23.... Fake News??
I died when he did the Mario coin block thing.
nice haircut
snygt hår!!!
Holy crap! The patron count... IT'S OVER 9000!!!!
I would just use a spiraling plexiglass tube
Martin, please don't feel ashamed for taking too long. No one watched Lord of The Rings for Frodo dropping the Ring into the lava; they watched it because of the journey and the challenges everyone went through.
Make one with an ADJUSTABLE ANGLE... for the pressure and angle of the Chanel.🎃
Who still watches these 😂
Wait, does that mean the second channel can now be dedicated wholy to cycling antics?
Look mom I'm in the video
Who else is stoked to be back on Wintergatan 1?
Haircut??
You mentioned that one of the issues for getting a marble stuck is when the track is at an angle. My question is.... why does some of those tracks have to be an angle?  It makes it sound like having to have them at an angle is just a bodge, which from a previous vid on W2 you said you don't want to do anymore because of more moles.
The only thing I can say is that every single youtuberI've seen who has done something else from their channel niche has lost a lot of subscribers and the algorithm does not like it. You may want to post these on Wintergatan 2 in the future but if it works out keep doing it this way. The entire design process is fascinating to me.
Isn't there a bull nose bit for the CNC close to the balls diameter to both speed up cutting the channels and avoid overrotation?
Hi, Martin. I think you should look at river design, that naturally made by nature. Basically all river in the world have ratio of S shape part, which is in length like 6 sizes of diameter of river(screen shot of it on my Google disk: https://drive.google.com/file/d/14LLQZEyNHC9DT0J5q2bQT8ooagkXZEaU/view?usp=drivesdk ). Maybe it will help with double s gate.
The angle where the pipe and the track meets is a possible problem, it should be tilted down slightly. Then the first track tweak a tiny bit will work perfect.
9:48 Guys, I think, Martin is a tank watcher!
Wilson needs a bath...
Finally. Been waiting so long for My Wintergatan-hit 🤤
why not making a channel on LBRY too? it would be awesome if we can have you here! :D
He got a hair cut! Looks good!
Where did you get your hair cut?
don't like this format, go back to the previous long form videos with more of an story arc
Wintergatan is the new Wintergatan2. Welcome back to the main channel!
I had to ask on discord where the second channel was announced, never knew about it haha
Mario gates 😂😂
Yay main channel! Great choice!
well now you know that like a vehicle engine, you have a minimum pressure to keep marbles moving. and a maximum pressure that strains your pressure fit connections.   any new knowledge is helpful if you know what it tells you :)
13:02 ..... I'm not surprised this happened.   Wood has a certain amount of elasticity, compressibility, where hard plastic does not. Wood also has a much rougher surface than hard plastic, especially the type of wood you are using. The little demos made by Rosserobertolli work much better because of the hard plastic. Unless you are willing to change out a lot of wooden parts for plastic ones, you will struggle to solve these little problems........!! If you can solve them, at all.
I'm fairly sure lot of those will get stuck if you tilt them.
I think that its clear that more pressure relief -> higher chance of getting stuck. Especially when the track is rotated at an angle. The key here is to find the optimal solution that never gets stuck and relieves a decent amount of pressure. I think that tracks 2, 3, and 4 have the most potential here. 1 might work but imo its too close to the previous design that kept getting stuck. I think in the end the best target pressure on the scale is somewhere around 50-100g. When its under 50g a lot it seems to get stuck more.
why dont you cat the gate with one zick zack instead of two. just like in the video of that guy ?
the funny thing is all the things that went into reducing vibration, but vibration would make those pressure reducers all work properly. maybe the plywood makes this way harder than it could be
4:16 HODLER, this was not a mistake
Martin, Could it be that the pressure of the marbles hitting over and over against the wood is causing it to dent, leaving indents where a marble can hit and get stuck??
9:15 martin has lost his marbles confirmed
Four words: constant-radius marble divider. "This will be a game-changer!"
Ah yes the PMMA HODLer ❤️
PLEASE MARTIN, READ THIS: The Marbles will eventually get stuck when the plywood surfaces wear out. The impacts from the many many marbles will create dents in the wood.
Martin got a haircut!
So glad you are using the main channel
I'm surprised you haven't put a raised lip round the edge of that table.
Am i the only one feeling like Martin was cheating on me with another youtube channel i had no idea about...
Tricky. The applied forces you want to go into the wall, which will cause friction, but at the same time you don't want too much friction. I can imagine that the marbles themselves also have rotational friction between them too. e.g. on the 5th design, the issue with the marble getting stuck is because the one above is possibly trying to push the bottom one down, which is trying to cause an anticlockwise rotation, which causes a clockwise rotation on the one above, which might be torquing that harder against the wall. Or something. Who knows. Either way, I don't think you can have a too sharp angle between all the curves, otherwise you'll get this issue again no doubt. I would suspect design 4 would suffer the same over time too as things get gunked up etc.
Nice Haircut. I'll make sure to catch you on the second channel too!
Sample #5's intermittent sticking seems to be from friction. @13:52 the stuck ball (#1) needs to rotate against the bottom wall of the path and/or the ball above it. The ball above it (#2) has 4 points of contact: Ball 1, Ball 3, and two walls of the channel. With four contact points and the pressure of the ball stack ball #2 will have a much harder time rotating so is acting as a fixed member. With static friction much higher than dynamic friction, the pressure on ball #1 is not generating a great enough rotational force to overcome the static friction. Sample #4 with the taller vertical channel introduces an additional ball in that vertical channel that acts as an idler gear and removes that interaction between Ball #1 and Ball #2 described above.
If the gates are so crucial and the first design works if at 90 degres then why just not put that in stone and then build from that, must be easy:ier to change the angle of the instruments and marblecatchers?
I'd prefere number 2. as higher pressure mean that it can withstand more back tilt
I T  I S  E V E R Y D A Y  M Y  D U D E S
I've got a hunch that the less pressure measured on the output the bigger the risk of stuck marbles inside, as the variances of force that the marbles place on each other with the tiniest of inconsistencies (positionings of less than 1mm inside the pressure system) will hit the disruption jackpot more often....this is novice thinking but it could help you avoid digging a development hole.
Why not angle the gates so that while the stair pattern is still vertical, the gate is still tilted backward?  Perhaps make it in two pieces with a wedge stuck between them or as one piece where a slight bend in the tracks accommodates for the angle difference?  Or, bend the guide wires so that while the gate assembly is vertical, that the marbles are redirected at that angle?
17 people hate question blocks.
Does the movement of the machine help prevent any catches. The machine vibrates these parts meaning that the chances are lower that anything will get stuck
Oh my bro, you are amazing <3
I feel like an engineer needs to step in here.  This needs some dynamic modeling.
This was showing what the second channel should be for. You put much better content on the second channel.
If you enjoy working on it, I'm happy with it.  There is only one goal ... World Tour❗️ Good luck Martin 😎
martin do you have perfect pitch?
Marbles are evil
Looks like Wilson needs a shower :D
On the question-mark design the problem with sticking marbles appears to be the friction causing counter-rotation with the marbles above, which in turn increases friction, as well as the pressure against the bottom wall.
Don't be embarrassed. We are here with you not just for the final result but to cheer you on for the entire journey. It's an adventure and failing is not an option!
Any great masterpieces take time. Just keep making progress and moving forward. Stay inspired!
Your hear looks great :D
that Mario part killed me
When building in wood do you account for wear? Sorry if i missed some parts :-)
devil's haircut
I really do not gate the point of this 2 channels, that's exactly the same content and now the same content is back here without any other explanation, with the same presentation, it is just the following of the last video that isn't on this channel...
The extra curves dont help at all. Please dont overcomplicate simple, working stuff.
Nice haircut!
I can barely imagine the joy of the people who just realized they had 23 Wintergatan 2 videos to catch up on... It's Binge Wednesday my dudes!
don’t you have enough vibration to overcome the „stuckness“?
What is the playwood wear like compared to 3d printed stuff? Hmm
MARIOGATAN ftw!
With how much vibration there is on the MMX anyway, maybe the stuck marbles will get dislodged just from that?
When geometry is so crucial, is plywood durable enough?
Please allow me to submit my application to be the screw tightener on the MMX world tour.
ничего не понял,но очень интересно
Respect from Russia, we see your work, you are good, be happy man, we love you!
Poor wilson needs a bath
Haircut! Looking good Martin
go machined alluminium. changing the material migh be good
love your haircut!
if you het a DMCA for that wonderful rendition of [REDACTED VIDEO GAME NAME] we know AI has gone too far ;P
Why don't you just take the original design and you 3D print the parts?
There is a solution for number 5
Lost it at the Super Mario Machine X
Just a thought, but with all the vibrations in the machine, isn't it very unlikely that a marble stays stuck, and that the vibrations will unjam it? If a marble is in the stuck position, will adding another marble unjam it? Or a marble rolling above the top most marble on the marble lane? Is there a chance of it ever getting permanently stuck, or will the issue just solve it self?
Maybe I'm missing something but isn't the issue with the sticking caused by the upper marble passing the lower marble only an issue in the double zig zag design you made? Seems like his original wouldn't have this issue at all since the only path for the lower marble is down.
Nice haircut :)
As long as you reference the path angles  relative to vertical (gravity), you should not have a problem - which means you need to know and design in the angle at which you mount them to the machine, et voila
These anti-pressure  modules are much less likely to get stuck on the actual machine, the force created by the gates moving back and forth ought to be more than enough to jostle any stuck marble free before it becomes an issue. not to mention the constant re-filling of the tubes while the machine is active.
9:14 lol 😂😂
To be honest... I fear the day this unbelievable and incredible Machine is working with 0 Fails playing 1.000.000.000 Marbels... What should I do then without travelling aside Martin and the Community... anyway... I barely can find words to tell you how amazing and educational your journey ist to me... All my respect and a big friendly Hug from Germany
Oh boy... martin is losing his marbles after all the shrooms...
Ah, love to see my Wilson tag
One thing I'm wondering is. the MMX will be vibrating slightly as it does it's thing. Would that help unstuck some of these marbles?
Когда будет готовый вариант машины и прозвочит, хоть одна, композиция? Два года прошло, а ты до сих пор долбишь мозги...
14:04 I think it's key here to not allow two marbles to actually stand straight on top of each other to jam up. Basically take design no. 4 but with a longer curve (closer to a zig zag maybe)?
That Mario thingy was hilarious.
Also the Mario bit made my spit out milk on my computer. Dammit Martin
I suspect that someone on the discord with more experience will suggest this. For the 5th track, what if you allow the marble before the bend to travel further. This will put it's pressure point on the lower marble further to the right, which will try and drive it to the left, which should alleviate the issue of them getting stuck.
00:00 What a beautiful haircut :)
Is it possible to create a physics engine to simulate MMX parts and the flow of marbles through these? It can reduce some trial and error and material
nobody going to mention the fantastic haircut?
I think there's a fundamental flaw in what your doing. The goal is to reduce the force on the marble gate, and by doing that you are trying to disperse all of the gravity weight produced by the marbles on each other into the walls, which is actually pretty smart. A side effect of this I am seeing though is the marbles no longer have enough force to push them down through the system into the gate, and get stuck. I think you need some sort of path that disperses the majority of the weight from the marbles in the tube but then has a small straight before the actual gate, so the marbles always have some pressure to continue down the path. something like ___/‾‾ but rotated 90 clockwise around the centre. You could even fine tune the angle of the dog leg for each gate to optimize performance, but that would take a great deal of time. This dog leg might help, but another way to address this problem would be to introduce a secondary force to gently push along the marbles in the tube, so you can get rid of 100% of the weight force and still have them move. Something like compressed air maybe? But its just an idea. Keep up the good work man, the MMX is already a masterpiece of engineering lol
People with OCD when they saw the thumbnail: “Why are we here, just to suffer.”
Hi Martin! Long time lirker, first time poster and all of this stuff, buj i had an idea: is it really that problematic with the marbles in design 5 getting stuck?  Sure, i would be if MMX would be perfectly still, but i'm getting the impression that it's not 100% rigid, so maybe the amount of vibrations it has would be enough to "unstuck" the channels automagically or even prevent it from happening altogether - maybe it'd be possible to  add a test-channel with design #5  on the next drop-a-lot test to see whether it actually happens in real-life conditions...
I think the solution to the question mark path is that it needs to be tilted to put a force on the marble that gets stuck, pulling it the right way
The supermario bit is so being so tired from working your mind is gone mood. My version is scream-singing very silly happy songs on my way home from work alone in the car.
Why not make the tubes enter the top? that way you won't have to worry about going uphill when you lean them back.
He said hi to everyone so i just wanna say HELLO.
I like your new haircut
Martin went to the barber shop before finishing the MMX... :p
You keep referencing over-rotation as the reason that marbles supported closer to their ends are more likely to get stuck. For marbles without significant kinetic energy, that is likely not a factor. More likely, the marbles are getting wedged in between wooden parts by the force pushing them in.
Martin, you think you are embarassed that this takes so much time? I think it's impressive, that you just keep going. I can't even motivate myself to work on a song for more than one day.
Isn't straight 45° good enough ?
Why use only plywood for these parts? It degrades over time, it deforms slightly over time because of its softness and repeated pressure from the marbles, it creates a lot of friction which causes the marbles to get stuck.. Why not use plastic and 3D-printing? That could even be faster and easier to manufacture the parts
seems like the pressure of the marbles and the inherent counter-rotation rubbing from one marble on the other is what's causing them to get stuck on the ? design.    My bet is on Rosaro's design being more promising long term, especially removing over-rotation channels
This machine never gets finished ^^
The viewtrhough openings are the problem
Martin, jag tror du gör fel när du testar de här banorna. Jag såg att du tryckte upp kulan lite lite grann strax innan den fastnade och det kommer aldrig uppstå i maskinen. Om kulorna bara får falla ned i banan så tror jag inte det uppstår.
I really do not get why you are trying so hard to make the marbles stuck. The vibrations of the machine and the constant flow of marbles will make sure that those edge-cases you are producing are not ever going to  cause a problem
I think the 'slow descent into madness' subplot is what I really enjoy the most about your show.
So if the marble zig zag in the y-z plane is affected by gravity when tilted around the x axis, why not have the zig zag going in the x-z plane? so in less engineering words: The Marbles path wiggles up and down, and that doesnt work when you tilt it. Why not wiggle the path left to right, that should be independent from Gravity
Why not make all the marble lanes all vertical by ending the PLMA pipe?
fresh trim for the main channel, nize
Would the normal vibrating of the machine help to prevent the marbles getting stuck as well? It would seem that could help reduce potential marbles getting stuck. Though I do appreciate all the work you are doing with shooting for a million marbles working.
Maybe you could put this somewhere along the way? And put a pipe from it to the marple gate. It does not have to be so close?
3:35 - Isn't it stripping the shafts screwing the different pieces together this way?
Why not use a magnet to hold back the marbles?  (THIS IS A JOKE MR MARTIN, PLEASE DON’T HURT ME)
will this machine ever be finished?
Remember that the slight shaking of the machine will help you out with the sticking.
Martin,  These are static tests on a static table, but we expect the MMX to vibrate, shake, oscillate and generally rumble. How might we expect the question mark design to work when there's shaking/vibrating to "knock" those stuck marbles loose? It seems that on the table just a little nudge and suddenly they drop out.
WOHOOO back on the mainchannel
Will the natural vibration of the machine when running help to give the marbles enough of a jiggle to avoid some of the sticking issues? Also, I know you wanted to stick with your marble divider design, but the prototype showing the divider which didn't need marble hight tuning was such a great solution. This gate design with the proposed divider would solve so many design issues and remove uncessary complications. You gotta make the change!
Stop the "Stick" by using Silicone Lube Spray or Grease. You haven't been using Any kind of Lube in any of these Pieces. Maybe that's your Problem.
Nice new Haircut!
MY DUDE ! WHAT A JOY IT IS TO SEE A VIDEO OF YOURS ♡
I can only imagine there is a solid reason this cannot be just angle corrected as needed on the angled tracks. We have perfectly working designs given that the orientation is correct, why don't we just ensure these get oriented correctly?
Martin looks well rested for a change!
Looking stylish mate
for #5, a steeper final angle to the first queued marble, and a less sweeping angle from the vertical drop at the ? bend
For the love of god,  stop using ply- wood for these parts!! Please get them 3d printed,  and curve the pipes to replicate the angle of entry from the example youre mimicking!!!!
Do not be embarrassed. Make it right.
Instant click every time I see your video in my subscriptions
Personally, It's the journey, not the destination, I'm here for.  Not that I won't be super excited for the "completed" MMX, but I will also be super sad that I can't be here every day/week watching this monsterpiece come together.
12:50 Hail Eris!
I worry that after ten million marbles or so, the normal resting positions of the marbles will create tiny dents in the plywood channels and cause things to get stuck.  You’re working with such precision when you cut that it seems like tiny imperfections that result from normal use could end up being a big problem.
Hahaha ! After all that time you're working on MMX, I don't understand why you didn't add just small walls to your table, just for marbles not to fall on the ground when they flow down of a pipe !  Anyway, it's a pleasure to see the new ideas you're trying on MMX. As always, I'm waiting for tomorrow's video !
Nice haircut :)
doesnt the vibration of the whole machine make those "stucked"-thoughts go obsolete?
It's Mintergatan Marble Machine Monday, my dudes!
Would a spiral tube reduce the weight?
9:15 what all mmx and no life does to a man
9:14 I guess you could say that Martin lost his marbles
I suppose that N°5 wouldn't be stuck with teflon tape on the pressure point, I mean wood friction do not help.
Yes really nice to see you back here
Looks like tracks shape 5 could be fixed if that last angle in the channel was a bit steeper, right now it looks like the pressure of the marbles above it is pinching it against the nearly flat angle.
Be carefull to not get a burnout
@wintergatan Are you sure it's not sticking because of the viewing slot?  If the marble is pushed against the outer part is the marble really in the channel where you expect?  Or is part of it out of the channel in the viewing slot and thus not actually in the position you are showing in the diagram?
@9:15 Okay, *Marten* has been driven 🤪 by the MMX... 😉
The marbles are getting stuck because as they change direction in your stair stepping/question mark the direction of pressure from the marbles ends up perpendicular to the walls of the path for multiple marbles at once thus the walls absorb too much of the pressure and there's no directional force left to push the marble further down the track. You need to look at the direction of force at all points in the path, or simplify it and only relieve the pressure at one point like in the original design.
what app is he drawing on?
Nice haircut
I know you can finish it. but even if not think of all the things you have learned all the skills you have gained how big of a community you made! quite the impact. I see this as a win no matter what.
wow       just wow.
So this part can't have over-rotation, progress by taking a step back... nice~
Brakeingbad Mario 9:14
Maybe the two YouTube channels can be merged back together?
nice designs. i really like the question marks. maybe if you make the back wall of the 5th design slightly slanted like the 4th design the marbles won’t get stuck.
I wonder if "resistence" plays a role here, that the top marble can't apply enough force due to the angle to make the stuck marble move again. maybe applying some smooth ducktape on the place where the stuck marble is resting is better then wood and improves results?
I never understood the 2nd channel... I didn't even know it existed until there were like 5 or 6 videos already up...
Invert the question mark
I'm confused. Is Martin trying to find a pressure-relief design that is invariate with respect to angle? Why is he not deciding these with respect to the angle requirements of the various lanes on the machine? Group the lanes into 3 angle ranges and pick the appropriate structure for each.
Put the vibrations back in the machine so that the marbles will be shaken loose when they get stuck =]
nice haircut dude!
Isn't the biggest difference between your pressure reducing track and the one from the guy on the Discord is that you put rounded corners? Would rounded corners affect the performance?
Mario MMX
Martin, you keep saying you’re ashamed at how long it’s taking and how you’ve made mistakes.  Art and engineering share many things in common including discovery and learning. When some artists make a work, they don’t always plan on where it’s going to take them and in many cases they don’t even know what it is going to be. Engineering tries to plan for things but can similarly lead to things unknown that can force you to reevaluate. You are an excellent example of both an engineer and an artist. Take it easy on yourself!  You are doing fine!  The journey is more important than the destination.
I don't think that you can write off any of these designs unless you do it with a full build test with all channels equipped. it looks like a light vibration will dislodge any ball that gets stuck, and no matter how much you do to remove vibrations from the MMX you're never going to get all of them.
Hey Martin, thanks as always for all your hard work to chase your dreams and entertain us at the same time :)
Martin, why don’t you angle your table and put a raised edge on the perimeter? You could have all the marbles collect into a corner and be less demotivating when prototyping 🤷‍♂️
The thing is: if the marble is only partially stuck, the vibration from the running of the machine will most likely shake it loose
Have you ever eaten a marble? (thinking of that Key & Peele skit)
hats off to you sir. i can't even be bothered of capitalise, and here you are building your own fucking  stradivarius .
How could I guess wich MM is the best: YOU are the ingeneer!!!
Try the tracks with graphite powder. It will help with the marbles getting stuck and I doubt it will have any effect on the pressure.
I feel like they get stuck not because of the angles, but because the wood is giving way under the pressure, especially with repeated impacts from the marbles. This creates divots that the marbles can get stuck in.  I think the biggest flaw with the pressure relief system is that you’re trying to make it out of plywood.
Breaking news, world shortage of plywood.   .........Martin, I need more marble tracks.
Martin. I am curious about the vibrations of the machine making this a non issue. You're testing as if each channel is completely isolated from the world which on the machine it won't be it will have vibrations from the crank and the marbles bouncing around. In all honesty CNC 6 of them for the drum channels and try it on the machine and see if it works.
9:30 This was brilliant. Premium content, 5 of 5 , would watch again!
It looks like you are still using the slightly rusty marbles, which probably contributes significantly to friction between counter rotating marbles within the track, which could cause the stuck marble problem. Perhaps the problem is non-existent when using fresh marbles
Martin! Your hair looks amazing!
you might have less problems with stuck marbles in the real machine, since everything will be shaking a bit...
So glad to hear Martin say he's a working on his mindset to not punch himself for not being able to predict the unpredictable <3
Can we take a small moment to appreciate the precision required to machine a piece of plywood accurate *on both sides*? Such dedication to the process!  My first thought about the pressure reducing blocks is that, when switching directions, the marbles need enough offset that the queue behind them will push the marble in the desired direction...if that makes sense.
Great new haircut Martin. Welcome back to Wintergatan 1 by the way 👍😃
Dood, can you please quit the pitty party of 'this is taking too long blah blah blah...' ?? You're doing some amazingly awesome work in Design, Music, Theory, Engineering, Experimentation,  Collaboration, and (sometimes) Craftsmanship, haha. I personally hope you drag this out as long it needs to be because I love watching your content and the Marble Machine X. Project Binky wasn't done in a day!
AH. It's finally Wednesday!
Yes main channel is back! Gg wp
Aaargh am I the only one who waited for weeks for a new episode and just now realized there is a 2nd channel? ...
Nice haircut
the first design seems to work fine unless it is tilted, correct? why are some gates tilted anyway? isn't it possible to adapt the in and out points of the gate while maintaining the correct angle?
I think a potential problem is that the wood is maybe too soft, so putting all that pressure on the wood creates dents in the material. Everywhere else you're not putting a lot of stress on the wood, but here you're putting a lot of stress (Force/Area) on certain points, creating good places for the marbles to nestle in. Something to think about and maybe experiment on with the wood.
#5 gate looks like it would function much better if the last vertical section was tilted to the right (bottom of column slid 2mm towards the exit).
I feel like 3 is the safest bet, sacrificing such a drastically low pressure for not getting stuck is well worth it.
LOVE THE HAIR!
If you make the vertical part of the question mark a little longer the marbles shouldn't crowd as much and should not jam!
What you need to consider is that, in time, due to repeated impacts, the marbles will create small divets in the surface of the plywood which will act like potholes, getting the marbles stuck in them, like with the ? design.
there was a second channel? so that's why I haven't seen any MMX stuff.
Marbles are evil. Ain’t that the truth
@13:11 It is not that surprising, the second marble is pushed away from the turn and up to the right, this means that the contact surface with the third ball is close or even below the mid point of the marble diameter causing the third to lock the second marble against the wall.  Edit: Hmm, there most likely is a difference between the square channels done in the test compared to a marble channel. The marble channel actually have atleast two contact surfaces against the wall (potentially a lot more) compared to the square channel we see in the movie which would impact the results.
Super Marble Machine X was just the laugh I needed!
Martin, give the plywood time to wear and adapt to the marbles. Please consider also spraying the channels with graphite.
One washer plate went into the grinder when u made the mario reference. If u turn it on itmight be propelled very fast ... ! please don't harm or kill yourself ;). Im enjoying these Videos way to much :D
Would it be worth it to just use a harder material for this component?  I imagine that would solve the sticking problem
Pls just let a decent amount of pressure in the tracks. To little pressure is one reason why the marbles gets stuck. Like always, designing things is a compromise. N°2 looks good to me.
Marbles are evil. Lol
Why not instead of having one unique solution for both vertical and angled gates, have one design for each case? The margin of error/redundancy is too slim if it has to function in both cases, having one design for each might make it redundant enough, and it isn't as "custom", you actually have already the base for both, so there's no extra work either, you only need to make the angles steeper for the angled gates.
not all marbles are perfectly round :P
The marble machine probably has enough vibrations while running to constantly unstick any marbles that might get stuck in those pieces.
I'm here from Wintergatan10!
Do these test tracks with the acrylic deal with the fact that there are openings in the front of the actual modules (that I and several others think caused the sticking in the last two attempts)
try the fricken original design before you start coming up with ways it won't work. this is pride getting in the way of work. his design works, yours doesn't. there is a reason why precision parts are never made out of wood.  you're digging yourself a hole here, martin.
Who thinks it is time for some actual mmx music already? Martin, you can then upload another 100 engineering videos...
14:04 - "Wilson, Food time!" xD
but, wouldn't there be some vibrations in the machine while playing anyway? yeah, they seem to get stuck, but it also looks like the tinyest of movement unstucks them so easily.  might be worth investigating this more on the machine itself and doing a bit of a longer test
HAIRCUT!!!  Now he can stop wearing that ugly hat!!  YAY!
4:15 the hodler! I'm glad you don't have paper hands
Is getting stuck in static conditions even a concern in the real machine? The vibrations of the machnie would probably mek those edge cases completeely irrelevant.
I know you can't gamble here, but wouldn't the mechanical vibrations of the whole MMX help with rattling marbles loose?
That table really needs some raised edges to catch the marbles when testing.
I just realised that it does make quite a lot of mechanical noise. But probably worth it
Posting memes?  If not I, who.  If not now, when.
Wait, there's a Wintergatan 1?
I think that just removing the over-rotation in the previous design is enough to eliminate the problem of stuck marbles. I thought about another thing : maybe some marble get stuck because the angles at which upper marble push on the last make it stuck in a corner. This is due in part to the play given to the marbles so maybe tightening the width of the path with very minimal play could help with stuck marbles, it could also make the increment effect of the flow more pronounced, don't know if it is desirable or not ^^
put powdered graphite to remove friction in the question design , It may be because of rusted marbles.
Shouldn’t you check all new designs at am angled position too?
Wouldn't the motion of the machine cancel out the marbles getting stuck?
Idk if you tested it...but....Is ti possible that the vibration from the machine make the murbles never stop like that?
Nice Hair!
The problem with the ? mark design is that if the wood gets worn down over time at all it might create a dent that the marble sits in causing a jam
I think the marbles can get stuck because as the marbles goes into the track, they are creating a little groove in the plywood where they hit. Maybe plywood is not the best material for this.
I love that you do a lttle talk at the end of the vids
9:14 was everything I wanted in life.
????????????????????? why are the uploads in 4k wtf
I think the window cut outs might be letting the front wall of the path to expand, making it a bit longer and in turn the marble would get stuck. Maybe try to clamp it to see if that’s the course of the problem.
Wait...this isn't Wintergatan 2?
why dont you CNC a tabletop with a little berm along the edge so you dont have to worry about marbles on the floor llolol
Hair cut looks good!
We are back b*tches!
This channel is the only meaning in life at the moment, besides the other channel
Wouldn't the stuck marbles get unstuck anyways by new marbles/slight vibrations in the machine? I'm not saying they're fine but the machine won't be completely still anyways
Wilson is such a messy eater!
Hopefully he doesn't find out about Daft Punk…
Ahh, the classic IKEA screwdriver... :D
Thinking there could be too much friction between marbles and plywood for these gates. I would try either 3D printing these or machining out of aluminum. The high friction coefficient might cause the marbles to be more likely to become stuck.
Around 6 minuit mark on.... with the CAD, can't you add a restraint that is 90 from flat so when the dropper is rotated, the walls also compensate their angles to be back as if the dropper was still flat?
4:15 PMMA HODDLER
omg the Super Mario part 😂😂😂
Is the sticking really that big of a problem. it only took the slightest of touch to make it flow again at least on test curve nr1 . The MMX is constantly vibrating when playing, it should unstuck any marble before you even notice it.
9:14 lmbo, stupid 😂😂
I. Have an Idea 💡that may work
Why didn't you tell us you had the other channel? I've been literally waiting for any sign of life for almost 2 months! I feel kinda like you sneaked behind my back in this para social relationship. Glad that you're alive and that the project is still going.
I vote for #4
Feels like overkill, whats the problem with the old design?
9:14 mario budget version
This is awesome! The algorithm will reward you ;)
9:17 what the corona loneliness has done to wintergaten
Demuestras^dices con esa's fotos, q' eres nacionalista. Apoyas a tu propia gente; lo q' nos falta a L@' latinos;
4:15 HODL DOGECOIN
The best one is the one that’s good enough to allow you to move on.
9:13 14:00 Goofball
Make a slot for the PMMA pipe holder to stand on so it doesn't just depends on the screws. That way it is dead easy to align the pipes with the holes and it alleviates downwards preassure from the screws over time if the pipes gets heavy with marbles. Makes for a more solid connection over time.
wilson is getting fat from all these marble scraps your feeding him
corona virus is waiting until the mmx is finished before disappearing so the world tour is attended by all
I love the scientific-styled tests... but then you wrote the units of the scales (grams) in each row ! made me die a little inside ;-;  Amazing video though, i love the look of the experimental design, especially if it were to make the internal marble track visible when mounted to the machine
I miss the Wintergatan 2 era :(
Time to 'make the noise' from Project Binky! Make it level.
Ahhhh yes.... The Karen haircut
Martin, surely the marbles won't have as much chance of getting stuck on the marble machine as they'll be vibrating, they won't be sitting there completely still in in the jig.
So... you have been making this machine for almost a decade now. I get it that you want to get as much dosh out of this project - but come on, just deliver and continue on to the next one as it is kind of tiresome to see this 'minor update' vlog every now and then. It seems that you're stalling - unless that is not your 'primary' project - which I doubt It having over 2 mil subs and generating revenue. It just gets boring after a while and I feel like I've just hit that limit here.
Martin: you guys, I need to make fewer videos to help me focus more on finishing the machine.  Also Martin: you guys, I'm going to make videos every day to help me focus more on finishing the machine.
Would the marbles ever realistically get stuck with the vibration/motion of the MMX?  They only seem to get stuck in the vice-stabilized testing.
I think the question mark design is getting stuck because all of the pressure is wedging the marble into the back wall. As opposed to the step design where every angle change can be <90°
loving the mmx
as soon as you put the slot back into the front of the marble gate, they will get stuck again.
First
If you combine the question mark design with the one that has the adjustable length path then you can solve both problems. You can adjust the length from the front.
It looks like the hairdressers reopened in France.
haircut 100.
Could it be the rusty marbles that are getting stuck?
💓💓
Will they realistically get stuck in such a delicate fashion while you are playing? Given that it all comes loose as soon as you tap it and there is so much movement in the machine while you are playing, I feel like this would never happen 🤔
You mean there’s been daily uploads from you for a month and I haven’t heard about it? Amazing.
Nobody:   Martin: Marbles are evil!
Is it still possible to get the merch?
hahahah that mario section had me in shambles, great stuff
Awesome to see you positive
Martin, you can try to increase the angle in each turn. If you have like 3 turns per the module you can have the first one be pretty light and as the pressure decreases it can be sharper, needs testing oc but what doesnt
why aren't you using your 3d-Printer to do this type of prototyping? You could save a lot of time having to create toolpaths, machining and postprocessing these parts.
I guess I just don't understand why you haven't tried the original gate design and have gone straight to this 'double bend' design?
[some joke about Wednesdays]
9:20 Martin definitely lost his Mariobles.
What program is that at 2:23 on the ipad?
it's not going to stick because you have removed the slot at the front
Everyone: So how's the whole pandemic lock-down situation going for you ? Me: 9:14
Love the hair, Martin!
I think the tilting kritria is not good for the holder  a adapted toolpath for the mounted angel would be better.
You need to manufacture the Marble Path with less Tolerances. Also reduce the Friction between the Marbles and the Plywood
Are the marbles getting stuck because you're pushing them back up a bit in a way that the real gates simply can't do?
i came here from wintergatan 2!!! =)
Am I in heaven?
I think Wednesday for the main channel, and daily for the second would be great. Back to Wintergatan Wednesdays!
Are there any plans were you want to go on the MMX world-tour?
Wintergarten1 is like reading the manga while Wintergarten is like watching  the anime
But wait what will happen with the second channel then?
Martin: "I need VERY precise marble tracks or they won't work!" Also Martin: makes them out of wood.....
“Marbles are evil”  Words to live by
remove the front slot like the prototype
RIP Wintergatan 2. It was marbleous while it lasted.                                                                         Sorry, I just had to.
Aaaah and my Day is complete. Had a pretty severe allergic reaction today, but this made me so calm. Thanks
I snorted when he did his Mario impression
Finally!
I got here kind of randomly - I#m sad Yt didn't send me a notification - (yes, bell ist activated  and set to "all") :/ Anyway I'm happy to see a new video :)
Can't stop looking at the hair
This episode seems to have more memes than usual.
Who else thought this was on The second channel when they clicked? Good to see you here.
Did you know about the OpenAi Music generator its really amazing
Nice haircut, Martin!
Wait this isn’t wintergatan 2?
Did you get a haircut? Your hair is looking especially nice in this video! :)
Can you do the original marble maschine one the marble maschine X?
Great inventions!
Can not wait to see this new video. Thank you for sharing!
Hi Martin!!!!!
You need something, that we call in Poland "wpierdol". After such treatment, You wold go right into making music, and leave this machine (version 2778127365327567853 or more?) alone ;) Hehe. Jokes aside - good job, I'm looking foward for more :)
i like your cut g
We have gathered here today for the once in a while upload on the main channel
Martin....could you make the segments of the paths to all be the exact same? instead of having a left part, right part and a center part (for ones areas with lanes on both sides) could you just make the bias so that the entire channel path would be nested in one piece of wood that abuts a flat side of the neighboring piece. Yes that would create a "D" shaped path BUT it would allow you to have your "repair kit" only need one type of part instead of 3. In other words...build them just like your "rough built with plexiglas" demos.
he had a haircut
You can see that the hairdressers are closed😅
No, again?
Yay! I have a badge again!
Nice Haircut!
Wow, a video on the actual channel for once. It’s been awhile.
I can’t wait to see this on stage
12 views as I opened the video. WOW
I see Martin and I wonder if I clicked the wrong channel because he looks like Family Jules.
He is MarbleMan
Your hairstyle looks like Karen xD
Wait, this is the main channel. This is forbidden!
Hi Just a random comment
It is Marble Track Monday my dudes...
Prediction: Martin WILL finish the MMX. But he will only use it for studio recordings. He will build a new one for the world tour, using everything he learnt so far.
Fancy marble man make big smart person video
Imagine the excitement of the people just now realizing they've got 20 odd videos to catch up on... I'm very jealous.
I'm glad you updated everyone! I was worried about you when you didn't post for over a month, but then I accidentally found the 2nd channel!
Your fabulous hair is gone!
How does this have 46 comments already
12
Martin we believe in you!!!
Marble paythe
I didn't even realise that this video was not on wintergatan 2
I missed you
The new Hairstyle is litt!
Boom
He’s back and loaded with more marbles
I love the new format! Great seeing it on the big screen!
FIRST! i hope
So excited for the final!
❤️
Notification squad I guess  The world tour is gonna be cool
Idk
Oh gnarly. Appreciate the uploads
Damn 7 seconds im fast
The return of the king
Yay 😊
It is Tuesday my dudes
On,y a bot can beat us
Ohhhh god...please make music!
World Tourrr!
😍😍😍
HE's Back!!!
First! Nice to see the notice
Hello
Firsttt!
looking good in that new hair cut!
I am first
First
First
Not first
:D
YES
Second
FIRST!
s
