Im confused by the spec parts, i thought it was only the primer pumps that are ssc not everything from the collected to the high pressure fuel pump? could someone please clarify.
Love this channel, so informative though the audio is super inconsistent. You guys need a bit of work in that area
👍
amazing
nice
dose carbon bend as i thought it splits!!
Just want to see max pay lewis back for the big crash, give him an eqaul 1 so he understands why max was so pissed off
Forget everything forget everything forget Ferrari much faster Charles Leclerc 👏👏👏👏 much clever much clever
then start running E10..... and everything goes tits up . sorta like what the USA has discovered with EVERYTHING but high test gas being E10
Do not change anything, but consider the increased amount of methanol in the 10% alcohol and to keep the alcohol at 10%, eliminate iso-propanol as part of the alcohol content in the fuel.
There rubbish
The bend was on the left side and the fuel issue on both Red Bull cars was not with the fuel pump at all!  The fuel system consists of two pumps, one for high pressure to the injectors and one for the tank. The tank is a sealed cell, during the race the bellow pulled a vacuum and this is why the first pump couldn't draw enough fuel.
Anyone else coming back to this after the Saudi GP with Alonso, Bottas and Ricciardo?
In hind side part from alpha tauri bit this is all bullshit. Will it be revisited/revised?
Obviously  there not doing  there  homework  at the factory   for professional  teams this is bullshit  not worth watching  cheers
Puts RB and Max both in a massive hole to start the season. Max sitting at -25 points and RB at -43 after race 1. After Today Max is at -19 and RB -39. they need some ferrari DNF's this year bc one more dnf for them could already put them in an insurmountable hole.
sooo happy wen crachtapen failed
Miss the old f1 designs '21 cz overtakes were plenty compared to these aerodynamic designs of '22. Even Max couldn't overtake Leclerc in Bahrain...
"All of the top ten teams" Love Scarbs
Fireworks in Formula 1.  If E10 has 10% EtOH in the fuel, it won't just affect the fuel tank, what if something happened and some fuel got out, we could have a fireball.  I have a feeling in the hot races, the ethanol component would just be volatile.  I have used ethanol plenty in the chemistry lab and you have to use an oil-based heater.  If there are plastics in that area and there is heat like in the Malaysian GP and the current ones being run, we have a cocktail of ways the ethanol can be unintentionally vapourised.
dont forget about me gods liberator just get me a percentage
we need you to build the best nascar race track around the island of puerto rico iys a lot of money that needs to be made
A little ceramic insulating heat shields like we make will make all that melted body nonsense history.   Especially anywhere near turbo's infrared of 1500F. And body work in close range good for maybe 400F.   Now add a little airflow cushion in between, the body work can almost be touching zone of turbo/exhaust.  Cheers
1:26 how i can get theses image ?
I think RedBull just under fueled the cars because they didn’t do fuel race length practice but no one at RedBull will admit that.
RBR has said it was due to a vacuum developing in the fuel bladder
Haha i bet lack of fuel didn't happen before on practices run .. bad calculation
thats a load of crap how can the steering bend from lowering the car in pits When out on track the force of hitting the curbs would be massivly more brutal than lowering car of the trolly I think there not being truthful
Can’t really watch this new guy. Why does he need to turn his head side to side constantly while talking?
3:10 -  Did scarbs just say "all of the TOP TEN TEAMS"?  If he did I forgive him because he's a legend.
E10 ate the fuel pump...  I'm calling BS on that. E10 is pump gas these days, hell you can get E85 at some gas stations.
I think the latter is the cause. After practice this weekend.
The real problem was that 2021 Michael Masi time-travelled to 2022 Bahrain and used his Race Dictator powers to instruct that Red Bull be given faulty parts.
Way too much homologation in f1 Is this reason I don't follow it anymore  I'm old enough to remember when every maker's car on the grid was different  sometimes even 2 different models on the same team  Encouraging teams to develop their own theroys and tech and apply it to their cars as long as It fit the specs of the formula  That spirit of  competition has been lost almost completely  It seems like nowadays they just have an offseason meeting and say this is how we are going to race this year  don't like it suck it
0:08 HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAAAA OH MY FUCKING GOD WHAT A FUNNY REFERENCE! AMAZING LOLOOLOLOLOL
Maybe it has something to do with it not being a Honda anymore.
Womit...
Perhaps they just run out of fuel or the fuel tank design isn’t very good when there isn’t much left in the tank.
what's checo doing around 2:08
This video is bull shit. Red Bull are reporting different problem with fuel, so this "real reason video" is a JOKE...
Could we also have another video explaining why red bull doens't have porpoising issue when running with a such low ride heigh?
A lot of people use E10 fuel these days without it melting their cars innards.
Correction : It was neither bullying nor bawdying that made MV the Plastic Chumpion. It was good old Michael 'human error' Masi that gifted SLH's 8th WDC to him.
Well, you called it, RB just confirmed.
maybe they just ran out of fuel......
It's Kalama from the racing God's verstappens career is over after that joke of a win to take the championship last year
I'm against all spec parts in F1
Honda played a trick there..!
That’s what happens when you steal a championship thank Massi for that
My car uses E10, why do they keep talking about it like it's some exotic thing?
Your just guessing mate.
Both RBs ran out of fuel, as simple as that...
Typical Red Bull 🤣
Why did the led lights on the back of the rb's blinkin like crazy?
Red bull isn't bullet proof. That won't be there last issue
Without Honda engine ....the rad bull disasters
According to my calculations. It was the main combooferator
Don't understand why you were laughing about the fire in Alpha's car. Ain't funny at all.
it was funny though wasn't it!!!  i mean when max whet out! the moaning bastard!  Much prefer Perez.
KARMA LOL
Real reason…. Karma. God looked down and tried to rectify his cock-up 😂 Max isn’t the champion; every F1 fan (including the Dutch ones) know that’s true.
McClaren are the most wisely team on the grid, never been a power plant manufacturer, always worked with third parties.  They got out of the deal with Honda for a reason.
Not the real reason. Red Bull just came out saying they ran out of gas. They knew it all along, that’s why they’ve been telling Max not to push during the out lap. They could clearly see they were not on target with the fuel needed to finish the race
This happened on 3 cars using the same engine.  It's fair to assume they're at it. Lets face it, what would Horner do if it happened to Merc engined cars?  Blame them for cheating.
Might 5hey just h@be run out of fuel..
There is a God of Fair Play after all! I coudn't help almost wetting myself laughing at the World Champion, Madman, Cheat dragging his ass out of his busted wreck.so sweet for Lewis Bouncing past him. When Merc sort it our Dutch will be consumed by smoke and decent adherance to proper, safe rules! World Champion my Ass. And Horner has descended into the same pit of dishonesty. I am ashamed,somehow who i respected.shocking behaviour! Only one winner this year! Its called Fair Play!
Look like Red Bull PU is very thirsty don't believe the pump issue.
The fact that both cars failed at the very last lap is quite intriguing - I bet RedBull were trying something and being too clever and got caught out because they had planned and prepped for a 2-stop race and that extra strain caused on the engine by the 3rd stop gave away the game and ended things badly for them !!!
Was good to see Max and Charles swapping places a few times, if they race clean like that they can effectively 'drag' themselves to quicker laps, as opposed to previously it would tend to slow both cars down. . So the changes bode well
Max just giving everyone a head start, they wil lneed it ;)
Ferrari is back 😁😁
Yeah Honda engine's are designed to fail in final and prefinal laps... oh what's the probability?
Alright, Jeddah Corniche next race. REMEMBER 2021 QUALIFYING.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Think masi has something to do with it 😁😉
With petrol prices these days I don't blame RBR for saving up a little bit on petrol costs by putting less in the car.
A small piece of justice… let’s hope for 5 or 6 repeats over the course of the season .
The part for the E10 fuel being voletile made me laught. E10 has 10% ethanol alcohol in it which is more stable then gasoline. Thats the reason for all HP tuning cars are diving with E85. Prevents knocking due to high loads (boost/heat/compression). In general, the more E a fuel has, the more stable it is. But at the same time it's not that powerful due to not being so voletile.
I'm confused. While talking about the fuel pump there was a picture of what looks like a power steering unit (3:23). Do they use fuel as power steering fluid? Doesn't seem very safe, though spraying power steering fluid in a leak might be just as combustible as fuel. Might explain Max having steering problems, though.
You should make this video 5:56 minutes long
The overgrown licorice rolling pins on each corner affected reliability.
To Max Verstappen and his fans you know what they say about carmar, you see what a different it really make when Michael Masi is not there to make bad foolish decisions that change the whole out come of a race and you see the different how Max Verstappen approach Charles Leclerc and he was not so aggressive with Charles Leclerc like he was with Lewis Hamilton, Max Verstappen cheat Charles Leclerc with a lot of respect, The bottom line is that the FIA interfere with the race and fix it to make Max Verstappen world champion, that is unacceptable and not satisfactory to all formula 1 true fans.
I like what you guys are saying...but, is it facts or speculations??? Like  spreading rumors???
E10, high in Ethanol, ahh no.
It's amazing how many experts there are on youtube ...
stupid green religion
The biggest problem with Red Bull cars was they stopped before the end of the race and passed by all the other drivers.  You can see it on a couple online videos in addition to the live event.   Anything else is conjecture.
This thing about the fuel pump being made from plastic,  so this channel is saying,  the engineers that designed the fuel pump,  knew nothing about the fuel that ,the teams were going to use, that being used for a few years now,  love it, when people talk about things they know nothing about,
You forgot about Max's brakes
This is why this sport is a car sport and not a driver sport. drivers don´t will champinchips, the cars do!
Guys its not Peréz you pronounce the name Pérez with an accent in the first E. Do me a favor and respect the language and culture of origin of his surname and start pronouncing it properly. Good video
you forgot Max's problems with the the balance AND brakes during the whole race, the latter being the reason why he could not attack Leclerc longer
ferrari team members seen leaving bosch and marelli supplier if 2 of the fuel pumps  to every f1 team. they were caught leaving their factories right after the test
They're still Honda built engines, they just aren't the official supplier. Red Bull Racing are known liars
Fuel pump issues ... really ? Or did they increase the Red Bull power to weight advantage by simply running less fuel from the very start of the race ?
To bad to see Hamilton on the podium in the end, so undeserved…
And that’s why I don’t put cheap E10 petrol in my car…
RB should know more than a bit on pipings  at their beverage manufacturing plants causing cavitations issues (wear) at bends. It sucks if things require major design overhaul
Βefause every time and any car has a Ferrari behind him have bad luck.....  As much lack of luck Mclaren has so much luck Ferrari has....
I think the reason is simple the RedBull driver push the car to far in this race how come its was crazy change of the leadership or place grid in this race by RedBull driver
My Datsun doesn’t like ethanol either.
E 10 only affects plastic if the alcohol separates from the ethanol - which will only occur in a vented fuel tank over time....  I feel its over heat of the motor due to lack of cooling in the pits..
Karma
My vote, they filled them short
Well deserved for the RB team, after the robbery they did last year. 🤪🤪
So freaking cool. Engineering baby
This is all 100% speculation.
Adding ethanol is a disaster
You can’t tell me that the car can go the full distance amd not Finnish the race, I smell poo. Watch red bull Win all the races from now and have this dnf as an excuse
Guaranteed vapor lock......as fuel level goes down, temperature of the fuel goes up........Ethanol is extremely volatile and vaporizes readily.    When I was working with a major auto manufacturer, we had problems with E10 with some of the model's fuel pumps vapor locking on the freeway when going 60 to 80 mph in high ambient temps.  Once the vapor lock starts, the pump can no longer function............
Its a ridiculous notion to have Exx anything.  The fuel sounds like the root cause. I want real, raw horsepower, not finessed horsepower.
Hope Red Bull recovers from this rare double disaster real quick.
I had a chance pick up some private pictures of the high pressure pumps with the microcracked coverings.  I did some research for what RedBull can to prevent fuel pump failure in the future.  https://youtu.be/_NygbA9UYPw
They overcharged the fuel pumps.
Honda is
They were supposed to put Red Bull in the tank, and that wouldn’t have happened. Red Bull has a cucumber, not a bull. Red Bull (shit)
Not then
Is it as simple as running out of fuel and RB not wanting to admit it? Unlikely but possible. E10 will do less MPG than normal petrol while raising the octane rating.
E10 fuel is a fraud. Most palm oil goes is used to make the E10 fuel. Forests being destroyed to make fuel. Go figure
"disaster". When some spoiled brat kids playing with cars, don't have a perfect weekend, and have to fly back to Monaco in their private jets, to recover for a few days. Tragedy.
This wasn't explained in Drive to Survive, I'm going to need you to dumb this tech stuff down for me. Was it Hamilton's fault or not?
Organ harvesting is one of the worst human rights violations imaginable, and it is hard to fathom that a state could systematically take so many innocent lives for their organs, said Peter van Dalen, a Member of the European Parliament (MEP), on November 29.  Mr. van Dalen made this remark at a hearing held by the European Parliament’s Subcommittee on Human Rights (DROI). During this event, legal experts, witnesses, MEPs, and other officials called for the European Union (EU) as well as the United Nations to take action to stop organ harvesting by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP).   MEP Peter van Dalen at a hearing held by the European Parliament’s Subcommittee on Human Rights (DROI) on November 29, 2021  Falun Gong Practitioners Are Main Victims of Organ Harvesting The China Tribunal, an Independent tribunal investigating allegations of forced organ harvesting from prisoners of conscience in China, released a judgment on this issue in June 2019. “Forced organ harvesting has been committed for years throughout China on a significant scale and Falun Gong practitioners have been one – and probably the main – source of organ supply,” wrote the judgment.   Sir Geoffrey Nice QC spoke at the hearing.  Sir Geoffrey Nice QC, chair of the China Tribunal, spoke at the hearing. He said that the Tribunal examined the evidence in detail, and its members then reached a unanimous conclusion that forced organ harvesting from prisoners of conscience has been practiced in China for a long time.  The judgment was initially delivered orally, followed by a summary judgment in June 2019 and a full judgment in March 2020. The judgment shows that the CCP killed people and sold their organs for profit. Sir Geoffrey pointed out that the report has many pages of reference and that the conclusions have remained unchallenged.
The biggest news in F1 was the FIA admitting that Max Verstappen won the 2021 WDC due to a "Human error", by the utterly disgraceful Masi. Its going to be hard to watch an artificial sport that allows drivers to win championships through the help of rogue racing directors
I guess u know more then me and im supposed to fix the car lmfao
That thing of the failure of the fuel pump in the RB car is a little awkward stuff for the FIA ... Every body knows about the strange behavior and decisions of the F1 Marshalls all over the time, leading to clearly preferential related issues ... So, in this case, to watch the two RB to abandon at the end of the race because of a  failure of an engine component supplied by the FIA to the F1 constructors ... Mmm ... I don't know ... It appears they did it gain ... Oops!
😆🤣😆🤣😆🤣😆🤣👍 a huge plate of karma served up there then.
DNF off Max is a gift from God!
Vapor lock 🔐 makes sense with the heat involved
Please do an article on Ethanol production at some point, given the problems caused and the wish for F1 to use higher percentage in the future. There's some interesting research coming out how its production releases more C02 than oil production.
Looks good on them...
Thank you for the video! You have a very interesting channel! And I am 20 years old, unfortunately I am disabled, I live with my parents. I never had friends in real life, as well as relationships, I spent my whole life on the Internet. I also created a channel that can draw attention to this, though so far little has been done ((( I am writing this comment just to wish you health and good mood. Rejoice and connect with a friend. And if you suddenly feel bad at heart, remember this comment Only forward! Looking forward to your next . Good luck!
The third theory is also BS. ITS an RB fuel system issue or they just F.....up on the fuel level and won't admit it to the world.
You all realize that E10 has been around for years in passenger cars in the US. In fact I run E85 in my WRX without issues. Now having said that my LIFT pump (funny name for low pressure fuel pump) and high pressure fuel pump are both made to accept the ethanol. There is no way in Gods green earth that RB racing and the entire F1 community did not understand the effects of E10 on components........good grief!
Didn't the Top Gear lads have the same kind of fue issuel during their 24hr run at silverstone?
Question, how do you bend a Carbon Fiber track rod (AKA...tie rod). Its either broken (cracked) or not. I am calling the BS flag on that call. RB doing damage control.
To much sugar.
In-shoe-lay-shun??? I don’t care if you’re British, learn to pronounce your own language properly!
Fuel pump failure was the reason. Those are given to the teams and are all the same. So bad luck.
Are you afraid of death?  Read this carefully for the cure ;   Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross. In doing so, his blood was shed to wash us clean of our transgressions . Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word, the holy bible. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
So wrong on the steering and fueling issues it's untrue!
verstappen constantly ignores the pit team, thrashes his car to try get in front, leclerc patiently waits for drs and goes straight past. verstappen didnt have the pace and knew it. Even if the fuel pump hadnt gone, verstappen would probably have taken leclerc out of the race
The real problem was that Honda's engine manual was in Japanese so only Yuki understood it and finished the race. Everything else are conspiracy theories.
“For what does it benefit someone to gain the whole world and yet lose his life?” ‭‭Mark‬ ‭8:36‬ ‭CSB‬‬.
““Therefore, having overlooked the times of ignorance, God now commands all people everywhere to repent,” ‭‭Acts‬ ‭17:30‬ ‭CSB‬‬..
RB has confirmed the cars had plenty of fuel left... That's all that has been "confirmed" as far as I've seen....
I reckon both Redbulls ran out of fuel. Max coasted in at the start of the straight whilst Perez’s car totally died at the end of the straight. For both cars to stop at the same point means something very controllable failed at the same time.
Anytime there's a significant rule change effecting significant aspects of performance there are going to be teams that figure it all out pretty well and there are goin to be teams that don't.  RB, or more precisely, Adrien Newey is notorious for cutting weight super aggressively and it would not surprise me one nit that the track rod was one of those components that is just too lightly built.
https://youtu.be/4iW99uJjoMk
Trackrod damage can be caused by hitting a curb.
Let's Hope it continues karma 🙏
I had both issues with my Morris 1000 a few years ago Hell of a problem to solve !! Great up load as always Thanks for letting us mere mortals in on theissues !!!!
I hope they fix this fast, I don't want to see any championship decided by DNF's (car or driver).
you telling me they use bog standard E10 fuel ?
When about 2/3 of the race was over, I was like "oh wow no DNFs" but RBs had other plans.
Though it's only been one race, I never imagined RB would stand last in constructors
no masi no redbull party
Great content, Thank you! A couple thoughts, I think we will see Alpha Tauri running more aggressive maps this year to expose any potential "reliability" issues. It will be interesting to see if this creates more strain on other components. I think RBR will rebound this weekend and hopefully we get more information on what really happened with the steering and fuel issues. Subscribed!
They spent more time investigating this than JFK.
you think they would tell you the truth about the fail?
If the three failures are unrelated then they really have a big reliability issue.
Seems very uncharacteristic for both racers to finish so poorly
Ethanol is junk.  Bad for road cars, too.
What about yuki's steering issue in fp1 or fp2? Might be related as well.
Wha it’s the point of E10? Just to make grain more expensive?
The real problem was that Honda's engine manual was in Japanese so only Yuki understood it and finished the race. Everything else are conspiracy theories.
Is there that much drag in propulsion system of these race cars that an engine stall will cause the rear wheels to lock up?  When I witnessed Perez's rear wheels lock up in the video replays, I though there had to be a catastrophic failure in the driveline to cause that rather than the engine stalling due to fuel starvation.  It just doesn't make any sense.  I got to wonder if there is another issue and the fuel pump is just a red herring for other teams to latch on to.
What I wanna know is did the FIA check the amount of fuel in the tanks or are we relying on RedBull’s say so?
Didn't Yuki have a problem with his steering coming out the pit box in testing!!?
redbull have loser driver.. thats why people cheat will get there get
Bigger, considerably heavier wheels and all of a sudden bent trackrods when dropping the cars at pitstops. Sounds logical to me.  The front wheels weigh 2.5kg more and the rears are 3kg heavier.
Hearing him say how hectic e10 is like haha what about e85.   I don't think the pump was the issue.
Can I just say, the narrative that Max “muscled” his car, in a manly, tough driver kind of way, overlooks the fact the hydraulics were still working so he had power steering but would have felt some imbalance and “drag” as the wheels weren’t aligned properly. It would have been odd to drive but not not physically any harder. That car, at those speeds, with that level of downforce and load, would be almost impossible to drive with out power steering.  Nigel Mansel in the 80’s he is not.
You want to see some real racing switch to motogp! No corruption there.
This channel is starting to feel a bit click-baity. If you are going to speculate then dont use titles stating you know something concrete….
I read that Magneti Marelli issued a tech notice to the teams before the race that lead McLaren to change their pumps, RB did not. Coincidence? On the E10 situation, I have had to replace several fuel pumps on my motorcycles due to E10 destroying the internals. E5 seems to be fine but I stay well clear of E10 these days.
Tsunoda also Had problems with steering in practice
The editing makes it difficult to watch. Why are you zooming in and out every few seconds when you speak?
The real truth is Red Bull failed on purpose to bamboozle the rest of the grid and make them think it's gonna be an easy season for them.
One way to cool the engine more is to tune the air-fuel ratio to run richer but power will be compromised and they may be short on fuel to complete the entire race.
Leclerc vs Max battle from the Grandstand 😍 https://youtu.be/PmIZpdZ7nk8
So basically, you just narrate a video made by the official channel, slap a clickbait title on and wait for the cash to flow…..
Not a red bull fan but i think they 1-2 this weekend. Saudia suits there car as they are extremely fast on the straights and i can see DRS zones being huge oppertunities to overtake for them. Farrari seem to be good on tracks with high turning volume coming into the corners fast and leaving them faster. we saw how fast red bull was on the open straight into turn 1 and that was there biggest openening to overtake. Merc still have a lot to sort out so could come down to strategy and i see them getting a 5-6. with ferrari being as dominant as they are i think they 3-4 potentially 2-4 if leclerc can give perez some trouble but highly unlikely.
https://youtube.com/channel/UC2w-PHrfLXVd_iHYcwgvdgg
The problem is, they did not add sufficient Red Bull in the tanks  😊
If you haven't already done so, I'd be interested in a video that would attempt to explain why Mercedes' engines have become so dull this year. Is it the change in fuel?
I was waiting for you to upload this video since Sunday 😂
Marko officially declared that there was fuel in the cars tank after the race and that the fuel system had no issue at all. They fried the battery pack, they closed some grills on the hood for the race and they used too much and too often the K1 mode (booster mode) trying to keep the pace with Ferrari. The result was a peak of temperature that fried everything in the ERS. But they cannot say that publicly. And the strange behave of the Max engine brake, the hardening steeringwheel and the weird behave of the rear lights of both cars, are clear evidences that the issue was electric (as it was on Gasly) and not with fuel.
red bull driver?  imagine being a red bull fan... i am still getting shit about it, but i cant be a fair weather fan, been rocking with Max since 16' 5:40
I feel redbull are down playing this issue and we will see alot more problems or their car performance will drop to compensate.
Red Bull is not a car brand, it doesn't have a soul. Call it Honda and then maybe I'll consider being a fan.
So clearly Max and Checos problems were related, and Max and Pierre had issues with their MGU-k. I’m confused why you’re saying they’re not related.
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣🤣🤣
Something I haven't seen mentioned yet is that on both the Red Bulls just prior to the failure the light's on the rear of the car started blinking asymmetrically, the right rear wing light started to stay on longer or not be in sync with the others.  That to me is very interesting because the lights are on when the battery is charging, and when I saw it happen on Perez's car I though "oh, here we go again" and sure enough at the start of the next lap he spun. If that was a fuel pump issue then why were the light's going weird? I suspect there is more than meets the eye to this failure.
They added too much red bull to the fuel mix and the car got diabetes
Laying the possible blame on e10 is wrong imho as virtually all modern components for tanks, lines, pumps are capable of handling e85 and usually the problems are related to unleaded fuel additives being "cleaned" from the components by the ethanol and then blocking the fuel filters.   The problems are more probably related to "Red Bull" electronic gremlins within the team's remit.
"All the top 10 teams did" 3:10
E10 fuel sounds like a big L in almost all aspects.
I think this a Red-Bull engine thing, how it handles the new-fuel and fuel vapors. If it effected the other engine types we probably would have seen it over a full race.
Missing honda??
Thanks for these videos out so quick
I think honda use allinol in their engines🗿
Here in the states E10 is pretty much the standard.
What do you know?  Anyone who runs a chainsaw can tell you that ethanol is no bueno for small plastic parts.
Did Red Bull just run out of gas?  That seems to be the case, to my simple mind...
I knew something was wrong when I saw those three guys smiling and nodding at the restart. Not paying attention to the race.  Seemed to good to be true
Finally an explanation! Salty people keep saying perez messed up the turn, spun out and blamed it on the car even though the car is the reason why he spinned.
What's worse, it being one issue you can focus on and fix or four different issues you need to spread your concentration across.
Did you know that the Alpha Tauri that this F1 team chose as its name, is the star Aldebaran of the constellation of Taurus and that the name Aldebaran means in Arabic "The Follower"?!  It doesn't sound like a very good name for a racing team IMHO!
I would change the title of the video as you do not have the real reasons. The video analysis is very good but don’t lie to the subscribers.
Haaa! On lap 27 I told my buddy, Mercedes going to need a miracle if they want podium position. How last seasoned ended, I’m glad this happened to RB. Karma!
come on guys. high level fuel? they have it. it's circus angels and the lack of interest in this stupid series anymore. 24 hr is better. F1 is a joke
I'm voting for vapor lock, because ethanol based fuel interacting with fuel system components should be a solved issue by now. We've used ethanol for decades.
So if it’s not the fuel pump what led to the failure. Was the pump tampered with? Does it have anything to do with the fuel they choose to run? Why no other team suffer from this failure. This is a team that cannot be trusted because of their history. I could say some stuff but I’ll leave you to figure it out. There’s a saying where I’m from. Thief don’t like to see thief with long bad. Enough said.
Friction inside the engine hey? What a load of nonsense.
Max and Sergio's harvesting/warning rear lights were out of sync prior to both their breakdowns. i.e: the red lights on the rear of their crash structure and wing weren't flashing simultaneously, for their intended purpose; instead flashing randomly out of rhythm as a road car indicators would flash if a fuse had gone. Their rear harvesting/warning lights were misfiring, on both RB cars - don't know about Gasly as the TV footage didn't show his car prior to the fire - laps before their cars stopped.  This was clearly an electrical issue. RB are blaming the spec part to divert attention away from their own error. They can't admit their own issue so they immediately blamed the one and only prescripted part they can.  Watch the footage of the breakdowns and the few laps before and it's clear to see the electronics failed. That would also explain the power stearing issue Max had and the engine lock up that caused Sergio to spin.  A fuel pump issue doesn't explain either of these issues. RB are concealing the true nature of their problems both to try and downplay their problem and to try to lobby the FIA to remove requirements for homogonised fuel pumps and ultimately all homogenised parts.
This channel is becoming Scarbs' channel, but that's not an unwelcome development lol.
Sorry @driver61 Lewis and other spoiled British drivers have no chance to do much this year 😄
Delighted for the red bull cheats of last season, karma
You guys are Hands Down the best Formula 1 info Channel for me. Tons of Knowledge broken down so anyone can grasp what you are talking about.
A little fact about ethanol,  it takes 7 litres of diesel to make 1 litre of ethanol,  that's a little fact they don't talk about.
F1 cars have always broken down. No big deal.
I would like to see a video on how much testing they do on new cars it can’t be much if they haven’t ran into these problems during testing
Not good year for rbr honda, ferrari for this year absolutely
Ethanol does far more damage than good.
Redbullshit engines!
After watching many different channels on yt that do analytical videos on the mechanical, etc side of F1; this is by far my favorite channel. This is a channel for real fans, not some WTF1 crap. Keep up the excellent work!
Yes they are all linked it’s a red bull that’s developed a curse since it wrongfully win the world championship
N54 owners know how a fuel pump failure will kill your power steering.
Thanks! Cheers from the Pacific West Coast of Canada.
I wonder if Checo is running on more fuel than Max is then as the "second" driver? If they're putting more fuel in his car, could that be why his engine gave out a few laps later?
“Can’t park here sir” earned my follow 😂
Before I watch the video, I'm gonna say: Sabotage!
it was because ferrari.
Red Bull needs to take some lessons in Brazil to learn how to operate with Ethanol! LOL! Nevertheless, there papers around the globe with these problems with E10, E22, E27 and E100, not a problem that a F1 Powertrain should have.
Scarbs is a champ!! so good to listen and learn from..
I don’t think it’s the spec part. RedBull would be the first team to complain about it and say it’s the FIAS fault.
MGUK is a dope rap artist. Love his music
red bull builds the engine no more honda.
This guy is good. Other guy is not.
Not buying the vapour lock or the fuel pump as the entire field have the exact same.  We're missing something...
Did the intro get cut off? I feel like this started halfway through
Red Bull obviously doesn’t give you wings. Take that Horner!
It was revealed the spec part was not at fault.
I heard the problem was that Redbull drivers were given instructions from Honda itself about how to manage the car during last part of the race. The only problem was that the instructions were in Japanese... In fact only Yuki finished the race
I knew it was the E10. That "fuel" is terrible for parts.
"The Real Reason" and just theories. Click Bait.
Why no one, consider that RB could just be lying about everything because they have no idea what went wrong
Who cares as long as verstappen and red bull don’t finish it’s great news and justice for last year’s rigged results
Bad sound…. A shame
Didn’t Honda withdraw from constructing f1 engines?? Isn’t redbull making their own engines??
I can't believe how much this guy knows about F1. Don't you ever stop calling him, pleeeeease.  (I would only like to improve Scarbs mic, since I'm not a native english speaker and sometimes it's a bit difficult to understand him.)
3/4 RB cars
Mercedes paid manufacturer to give faulty pumps to RedBull.
maybe Gasly's problem was a loner, but the two RB simply ran out of fuel?   They short-loaded to keep up with the Ferraris, counting on more pre-booked safety car time:)
Let’s have them dnf the whole season
i'm always looking for a reason to add a channel, didnt find it, just guesses, so basicly empty words, NOT 1 sign of proof, nothing, so cant add this channel, absolute waste of time watching this...
Fuel Ran out...
RB running less rear wing than Ferrari,wrong move to also close 3/4 of the sidepod engine vents looking to increase there downforce,that RB engine bay must have got pretty hot during the race.
Red bull came out and said it wasn't the pump
What's with the audio quality, or lack thereof? You sound like you've recorded this through a noise filtered Discord call.
Karma.
I assume it sucks to be associated with RedBull period.
a bend in the truth more like
If it was fuel starvation or vapour lock they would’ve seen misfires on the pit wall the second it started to happen. Max did over 2 laps complaining of no power and they told him everything looks fine!
A complete bullshit video. E10, an FIA part?  Why not simply an unreliable engine? Oh no! it's RB! Obviously it's an external part !  Not their mistake!  If it was Ferrari or Alpine, you would have immediately pointed the finger at the teams
scarbs is actually allowed to finish his sentences unlike when hes talking to sam collins 🤣
How do this youtubers investigate so fast than the team .... 😂
Disaster because Horner is a Bellend
Did scarbs just say “the top 10 teams”???
Something called Karma?
Dead Bull
E10 fuel is shite
The real reason?  Pitstop Boys releasing a song that's not about Max.
What a mess if this winds up being FIA's responsibility and cause. How do you right that wrong for teams that suffer points under that?
How do you bend a track rod, aren't they carbon fibre, like the rest of the suspension? Carbon fibre only breaks, it doesn't bend.
Watching all three other "Honda" cars retire Yuki must have been sweating bullets the last few corners!
E10 get rid of it 💩
What a disaster start for RB with 2 DNFs. Hopefully this issue is fixed. These points might cost them a championship in the end
E10 has been used by "normal" cars for a while now, I don't think the FIA would provide pumps that had that significant of a design flaw. My vote is on vapor lock.
hopefully they both DNF in the next race too.
They should test everything is E10 compatable for the safety of the driver. I've never seen E10 disolve plastic, more likely seals. Max was dangerously driving a car with faulty steering, any steering faults should not race.
This new fuel sucks in the USA it has been a pain in the ass caused a lot of problems in particular with small engines like outboards on boats and it’s not “green” as making alcohol uses more energy than straight gasoline
Because they are a bunch of walkers!
On the surface of it they don't seem linked at all.
Ladies. Love. Craig. Scarbs! #BDE
Very interesting. I really hope the title isn't decided by reliability this year, but losing that many constructor points in the first race is going to throw a spanner in for sure. I cannot wait for Jeddah this weekend :D
Max should apply to drive for Ferrari. Problem solved.
But my Honda Civic has been running E10 for decade 🤷🏽‍♂️
And there was me thinking the cause was just karma for the final laps of last season.
Karma
Aren’t those trackrods made out of carbon fiber? I always thought that carbon fiber would rather break then bend? I work as a car mechanic and I know what power it takes to bend a trackrod on a normal road car. it‘s quite hard to believe that they would bend one of those during a pitstop. Even if they were made out of metal in f1, you would believe that they made the rods much more durable compared to a road car.
IndyCar has no power steering
good video
tldr: car broke
Ooooooow the lack of beard confused me lol. I thought this was someone new lol. Bro please give a heads up. Lol.
As I'm sure Scarbs knows the red ones  really do go faster.
All of a sudden everyone here is an F1 engineer
Props to max for being able to continue as long as he did the mans just relentless
jokes you call it😂
instead of two fuel pumps they saved weight and just installed one :-) simple...
Didn't RB state somewhere that it was not Fuel Pump problem?
Great video!
I didn't expect E5 to E10 would make that much of a difference. I know higher Ethanol content would cause more corrosion (especially to plastics/rubbers), different cooling properties and energy content.
Sorry lads I don't buy it, it's orchestrated, too much money and backroom deals involved, with the amount of high tech electronics and software on these cars its not above possibility that the cars can be manipulated from a distance by interests other than the Driver involvement but perhaps with or without the Teams agreement.
redbull 1&2 next weekend called it here first.
The title implies that all we heard before is a lie, but they just  copied what was said by so many others, and put a clickbait title. Shame on you driver60.
actually the real solution to fuel volatility has already been solved in WW2. compressed bladder tanks. As the fuel gets used up the tank collapses in on itself so no space for fumes to form.
I've watched several of the debriefs since Sunday and nobody talks about the over-heating that Max complained about several times 🤔
SCARBS!!! FTW!
Maybe it's just growing up with NASCAR but it's surprising to me that each team has to make it's own fuel blend and isn't given a standard one like tires
Don’t agree with track rod theory, as it’s made of carbon fibre, as strong as it is, it doesn’t bend, it may flex, but does not bend. Due to the way it’s constructed, it’s extremely strong only in one direction. It may have snapped, in which case you would have seen it. It’s called a red herring, thrown out by RB who simply doesn’t want their competitors knowing.
do these cars have insurance?🤔
You stole my “can’t park there” meme off twitter 🤣
You forgot Red Bull #1, brakes overheating
Pull rod sucks
High ethanol fuel degrading plastic parts. Gee… it’s almost as if the teams could’ve utilized knowledge gleaned from the past 40 years of this technology issue being known & understood.
"cleaner fuel" bs stop this now.
I just figured that the fuel injectors got clogged up from the E10!  It normally takes about 80,000 miles before that happens on our regular cars but with the high performance of the F1 engine maybe 54 laps at Bahrain is all it takes....just saying!  A can of Gumout Fuel Injector Cleaner in each car should solve the problem!  🤪😂
So redbull was the only team that received faulty parts, very interesting.
why would the rear lights come on strangely and a lot more than the other teams
There is a distinct muffle/echo with the audio. Scarbs has better voice quality!
I bet this problem doesn’t happen to the Ferrari  Given the same company supply there road car fuel pumps when there new
Is this scarbs' channel? It'd be better for him if he just discuss it on his channel instead of coming on here. Or just hire him full time to make your videos. Collaboration is good now and then. But now he's just part of your videos, it's like you have nothing to add on your own
They ran out of fuel
coultn´t happen to a nicer team... just kidding.  the Karen Horner clow show deserves such shit. they got four bloody cars in the field and still can´t handle racing. it´s quite amusing.
I hope they get their problems right and we'll get an exciting season
I’d love to see old SF team orders. Do it
wouldn't it be better if all the incidents were linked ?
Get a friggin decent mic to the old dude... Super professional video and all of a sudden u hear horrible and roomy voice. At least he finally upgraded his gaddam camera.... Only 2 years in the pandemic
I had a stroke during the race. Gasley on fire then the Red Bulls blow out.
NICE BLOODY JOB SCARBS BABY 😄😃😄😃😀😊😀😊
To me this looked more like electric problem.. The lights were flashing extra bright on both cars just before they failed. And also, Max's car lost battery power before the total fail.
Karma
British media and fans: OMG LEWIS ALMOST CAME 2ND WITH A BROKEN CAR!!!! This is why he's the goat! #44 7TWDC Also British media and fans: Haaa, max crying again. What a loser
The fuel pumps are cooled by the fuel its self, low fuel levels equals less cooling causing failure
It’s called karma 👌
Hey Driver, thanks for the video! Do you think you could give your two cents on McLaren’s poor performance this past weekend? Seems very uncharacteristic for both racers to finish so poorly.
lets hope it happens in each f1 race this year for red bull
Several teams reported issues at low fuel loads in testing,  Red Bull didn't run on low fuel in testing ...
I hate that leagues like f1 have to copy right everything. Some short video clips would really make videos so much more enjoyable. When it comes to f1 idk if I’ve ever seen a video that wasn’t someone talking over still images or someone running a f1 sim talking over that…..I mean does it honestly cause you f1 to miss out on anything at all? No would be my answer all it would do is indirectly give you more fans but no can’t have that ya greedy sobs
I hope no more reliability issues for none of them, the battle was going to be great at the end...
Good discussion an details but why edit the conversation with Scarbs ? Why not talk back and forth or is this your questions to a pre-published video of his…
Tsunoda also complained about his steering before the race...
Every single time something goes wrong with any team in F1, you have the "REAL REASON", "SECRET" video up. Its really annoying.
Click Bait you know nothing 🤔🤦‍♂️
RedBull at least had pace compaired to Mercedes. I like Ferrari too.
So what if the electric part of the engine can be controlled by a 3rd party..... Excitement central! This new American wrestling style racings gonna rake in the cash......
Red Bull being quick in the corners is a previous generation thinking that shouldn't be carried over to these set of regulations yet.
Nice the redbullls are made of paper should make it easy to repeat 👌
I hope they get it sorted. Want to see Max keep that number 1 for next year!
It's a shame Max couldn't be on the podium with Charles and Carlos after such a good race
"all of the top ten teams did" so... all of the teams?
It was cavitation in the fuel pump damageing the fuel pump. It seems to me that both fuel pumps were damaged differently, as Perez stopped working immediately and Verstappen gradually broke down. Essentially both is a form of vapour lock. But the question is, was it caused by heat, or by cavitation only?
Some payback for the Mercs from Redbull!
Liberty media wants a good tussle this year
Surely all the tank components are common to all teams, so it was likely a low fueling / overheating of fuel issue. Didn't know the teams all ran their own fuel, & up to 5 different blends. Sounds a bit barmy. Surely FIA should have a common fuel, like Pirelli provide common tyres.
I loved the race broadcasters "Gasly appears to have overheated."  As there is a fire coming out of the back of his car!
Can be overheating be that car are now heavier but less have less drag then 2021 cars!?Think about it less drag means less decleration through aero means more energy put into brakes and engine during braking!
It was a high pressure fuel pump, a fia controlled component
SHITTY E-10 fuel. Maybe they could get rid of that crap.
Your audio is bad. I think you set the mic in the wrong direction.
Well new update is that it wasn't fuel pump
For those that don't know, Honda are still building the engines. It's still a joint project, staff from Honda have joined Red Bull in order to continue their work. Like the team have stated, it appears to be a pump issue.
:)
what do they make the engines out of that E10 is concidered "agressive and bad for the systems"  my guy, we had this stuff in cars for nearly 20 years
Big sad.
Oh shocker. Bullshit green initiatives to virtue signal turn out to be far inferior to fossil fuels. Yet the green zealot woke muppets and climate fanatics think we need to adopt stone age approaches to solve a problem that doesn't exist outside the media, politicians and marxist academics.
A yes, F1 finding out what we all know, E10 is garbage.
bent pushrod???......WRONG. carbon fibre does not bend far enough to cause that, it would break
Please understand I can not understand how all the engineers failed to do a simple check of the Internet will showing all of the major issues with Plastics and alcohol. Ex Acrylics R loved for the clarity, when an alcohol prepped is just wiped on it and it will  become weakened, crazed, melting and failure.  In the US E10 has been added to gasoline in the USA. Plus IndyCar has run races with 10%, 15% to 100% Ethanol. No one bothered to check with IndyCar teams to learn the +/- info on these files.   Here is a free bit of info while liquid Eth. is one thing but maybe most important thing the Vapors do Exactly the same damage. Without coating the part in a plastic airtight overlay will work but a cover not airtight may slow down damage will never prevent it.   Yes I have 100% first hand knowledge from making medical devices for many years.
What are the chances of this fuel pump failure happening to two cars in the same team... pretty low methinks.
I love the comment section so much insight and people bringing in their thoughts, I was expecting "karma" to be spammed here but no it is very respectful
I kinda hope teams keep having issues with the fuel. Ethanol is nasty stuff and just eats everything. Something consumers without a team of mechanics cant deal with.
Hard to belive the ethanol would be the problem. We've been running e85 and e100 in our 1000hp BMW's, Supras etc with regular fuel system parts for years without any problems. E10 is a very low ethanol content and should not do this kind of damage.
So what was the REAL reason? Perhaps I missed it.
None of the above. They were hacked remotely.
the rear energy lights were flashing very odd . i still reckon is was a battery recovery problem
Thanks ull bet they change the pumps before the race next weekend
So effectively the FIA supplied parts stopping red bull finishing a race. Pretty nifty from FIA(mercedes).
Sound like a bunch of clowns have engineered the pump if they selected materials that not has resistance against the E10 fuel.  Note that you as a private driver will have a risk that your fuel system will have problem with the new E10 petrol, because your fuel system was not designed for this high ethanol fuel.   For F1 that have a customised fuel system… If    the E10 is the cause…. Major clown engineering. The future will tell.
Is it possible they just straight up ran out of gas?
You're not the man in the channel's avatar. 😠
I'm in America an we went from methanol tainted gas to ethical tainted gasoline...the story on ethanol is pump gas 4 days an it's turns into water in the tank....very destructive to rubber.... plastic ...or anything other metal fuel lines...rubber an plastic derived products....which the pump has a diaphragm of rubber ....more use flex it the more the ethanol can eat in....
It was the petrol, RB had to pay Dutch prices and they couldn’t buy enough because of the budget cap.
#NotaRealF1Champion
Don’t Care
Good thing it happened now 1st race and not late in the season when standings are close. 22 races to go lots and lots of points to get. RB will bounce back stronger. Lets go SuperMax!!
If the track rod bent it wouldn’t drive straight not making it heavy
Hey the only thing I worry about ask scarbs is if that unit had a melt down bolted on the side of the motor chances are it distorted the metal of the block heads etc...aluminum alloy which titanium sorry...may be it's okay...if it's some hybrid titanium aluminum block...hopefully
THEY RAN OUT OF FUEL , LETS BE REAL HERE. HAHAHAHA   OH DEAR HOW SAD NEVERMIND 😂😢😢🤣
Yeah, let's switch to e10 because it will save the planet and all that (it won't). Who cares if it ends up deciding the season.
As this is a spec part failure, they should have a free swap of ALL parts without penalty. If it is E10 fuel, it will be same as for road cars. E10 fuel is killing road cars by the thousand each day. Fuel system failures and piston scoring has increased one hundred fold since the introduction of E10. I would not be surprised if this is by design by eco-manics.
3:10 all the top ten teams?
I feel we all are past the last era of racing, or so I hope so, and I would love to see ALL teams on an equal level and fight it out. Shame that RB are struggling with whatever their issue is, same for McLaren and Mercedes having their issues - would love to see a multi-team fight for the WDC
Alinol 🤔
Honda. The RB take over of the engine manufacturing will start until 2025. Does nobody on this channel read the press releases.
In my personal opinion I think it’s like the plot in cars 2 that there’s a gun that blows up the engine because of the fuel
Also, Max reported downshifting issue in early stage and Checo reported upshift issue before he retired...hmmm....
Who are you ??? What happen to the normal speaker ?????????!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Have to make the last 10 years - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hE_sH5PyngA
Overheating due to slow pace from safety car ?? I wondered whether that was possible ...
Max Whathappen
KARMA...lmfao!
when I saw Pierre catch fire I was a little worried for Red Bull, then max started having problems and his car dies so now I’m very worried. Then checos car dies on the last lap and I’m in full fuckin panic for redbull. Still can’t believe it. I thought they might have been sabotaged!!!
Ahhh.... come on, the British bias is staggering.  "There's no performance impact with this pump" - this is bulls*** Craig, and you know it.  That was exactly why Ferrari collaborated with the FIA, and why all the pumps were made standard. And this was done precisely because FIA understood quite well that many other teams were exploiting the loophole of harmonic pressure waves messing with the flow sensor measurement timing.   Ferrari was not and could not be found at fault, as while it did NOT comply with the spirit of the rules, it certainly complied with the measuring rules. But as we all know, this is common practice in all Brackley teams, and has been common practice since the Brawn 2009 double diffuser.   I think that what pissed-off the British teams and media is not that Ferrari found and exploited a loop hole, but that Ferrari closed it also for all other teams. I.e. Ferrari accepted the fault, took the performance hit, and in doing so took moral high ground. Other teams win championships with loopholes.
1:07 isn't that just the wrap rather than body work?
So awesome you guys work with Scarbs. Ive been watching since the mid 90s, and I know a thing or 2 but this guys knowledge is next level. And he can draw!! Lol
You guys were condemning Mercedes and Sir.Lewis Hamilton before the first of 23 races.  You do not become a 7x Formula One Champion or a 8x Team Champion without being very good.  Note  These other teams have been practicing for the last 8 years.  I think it's about time they show some results.   CONGRATULATIONS Sir.Lewis Hamilton for winning your 8 Formula One Championship in 2022.
Wondering if the RB dive geometry could have put loads on the track rod when lifted on the jacks.
Rb should pour some motorkote ucl in the gas LMAO
For the amount of time, effort and cost poured into evolving F1 cars, I find that these debacles are, well, laughable I guess.
F1 has a fuel/fuel pump problem. How ridiculous
Great video!
Red Bull PowerPains
The real reason is too keep tongues a wagging.
So basically it could have been anything from a technical / mechanical issue to a act of God but i suppose you had to cobble something up to put a post out to keep your ratings.
Driver 61 forever Hamilton fanboy
Wicked vid
I'd love to drop these little money-addicted sociopaths into Ukraine and show them the true meaning of disaster.
The real reason is karma come back to them, And more to come, Believe me, Wait and see,
can you guys make a video on Ferraris ERS system
… and none of this E10 problem has occurred in the hours of testing over the last few months???
.. it probably bent (it thats what it was) during the spark show moment it looked rather bumpy there
i thought the real reason was because Karma is a bitch
I hope red bulls catch fire in every race,  it’s called KARMA
3:32 you are showing a powersteering system but you are talking about fuel pump
So both Red Bulls suffered Fuel starvation. I think there might be a whole lot more to it, secrets never to be told. Very costly that is for sure.
Wrong redbull came out and said it actually was not the fuel pump itself, the problem was fuel cavitation which can happen when a car is low on fuel air mixes in with the fuel and it will run less and less powerfully intik the fuelpump brakes which happened in Perez’s case where the engine just shut off and in max’s case it did not yet brake which is why he made it to the pits
I suspect this is all bullshit other than the MGU-K failure . E10 fuel has been in use in the US since 1990 and in France since 2009. It is used in many racing cars and even higher concentrations of up to 85% ethanol are used. Indycar has run E85 for years. If all of the cars use the same pumps, why did only the Red Bulls have the problem? How could the steering be damaged setting the car down with the jack? The jack is a lever type that could only drop fast if the mechanic lost his hold on it which would allow it to flip onto the car. The cars aren't raised very high to change tires and the suspension catches them as the jack is removed. The cars get much more air when driving over curbs at speed. It seems like there is a lot of Bull in Red Bull.
They ran out of petrol but were too ashamed to say so!
It is not a conspiracy that the spec part was programmed to self destruct by the FIA and Liberty media to drive up Ferarri’s hype and F1’s marketing/advertising value by driving headlines. “2022 is Ferarri’s year” “Charles Lecrash Ferarri world championship”
Red bull cars breaking down after the safety car... KARMA! 👍
Guys, what happened to Mclaren and why are they incredibly slow. are they sacrificing pace for the reliability of other parts in the car.
well, that was very interesting start to new season and HAAS WTF, no one expected that.
Well if RB does not disclose then looks like FIA nuked their fuel pumps but forgot to Ferrari's pumps to help the hamster
E10 💩..
This channel is to the point and insightful. Unlike wtf1 who create unnecessary drama and not funny at all. (Contrary to what they think)
Yuki also miss the steering wheel in the free practice !!!
Automatic dislike due to the clickbait header.
Another reason a bent steering tie-rod doesn't seem to make sense is that that would affect the toe, causing understeer or twitchyness. A slightly bent rack, though, could certainly affect the force required to steer but not the toe angle.
Merc in trouble and disasters for RB. Ferrari one-two. Monotonous this sport is not! Thrills and spills all in one package “Brilliant” 👍😊☝️
Not sure the steering was as heavy as he made out. Think he was being a bit of a diva all race.
I’m no max fan, not at all, but that was his cleanest race I’ve seen from him
Yuki has some steering problem too at fp3
Thumbnail looking like a Scotty Kilmer vid, shouting at someone who owns a Formula One car.
Would the redbulls be able to make it to the end if there was no safety car?   Did the extra time spent on track mean that the pump got the extra time and wear required to fail?    Or would it still have happened due to more fuel running through the pump at race pace?
great analysis. just what i would know why it happened
This channel is an absolute joy. A few guys talking technical F1  stuff. Is this much fun still allowed? Don't change anything.
The F1 cars jump curbs at 120mph and u telling me dropping it 3 inches off the jacks broke it?? No way
It looks like Checo's engine seized. Completely possible if they ran hot and/or lean for too long
Just more empty speculation....
What group of idiots keep pushing ethanol based fuels anyway?  It is not more environmentally friendly as much as it is marketing.
I put it to you, it's all Putin's fault! The high oil prices sinking the RB18 running out of petrol....🤪
The REAL reason RedBull/Honda dnf: Sandbagging to the next level.
Karma is a female dog
3:14 “all of the top 10… teams” just thought its funny
I read some article that fuel system issues were noticed on teams running low fuel runs and they implemented fixes. On a video explaining the 2022 cars you guys reported that some internal systems, such as the fuel or hydraulics ones might not be completely new. To me it seems that the last theory holds more ground and if yes, this is one of the rare phenomenons where sandbagging, actually bites a team.
Sorry but his video is pretty much useless now since the fuel pump's failure claim has been already denied
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha nice
The disaster is that... in the words of Fernando - it's a GP 2 Engine... 😂😂😂
Idk about an F1 car, but it's not really that hard to drive a regular car without power steering -- unless you're trying to do a slow U-turn.
Glad you put that big yellow arrow pointing to the rear wheels. I wasn't sure what they were. :)
#Fact check 2:23:  as the car goes faster the steering becomes easier.
Oooh scrab again ... merc new none sidepod bla bla blaa ... eeh there is sidepod, unconfirm gossip false analysis bla bla bla
Thanks for explaining the real reason, all other videos only explained the fake reason
Hope to see Mercedes increase their pace by 0.5s to catch up and bring an exciting battle against Red Bull and Ferrari. Or Red Bull and Ferrari to lose 0.5s and Haas, Alfa Romeo and maybe Alpine might have a lucky title shot 🙏🏻🔥
Tough shit for redbull, it's karma for getting the world drivers champion gifted to them when they'd lost it, so they deserve all the failures and I hope they get more problems and loose races. Serves them right.
If indeed the parts are made of plastics and they are degrading, wtf? Is this not the most technologically advanced series of them all? Can't we use a 3d printed titanium or something?  Love that the FIA already has tried to say it's none of their parts. I'm not even an RB fan but FIA already feeling slimey.
karma
And then there was, erm, what is that thing which comes home to bite when you have been the brazen orchestrator and gratuitous beneficiary of a blatant robbery? Ah yes, it is called Kharma.
Domenicali just wants Ferrari to win. Simple as that.
More like the Redbull team petrochemical engineer fucked up his milliliter to kilogram conversion and shorted the boys on much needed go juice.
At least now they know the issue. They can fix it and now in Jeddah prevail! I'm confident RB can fight Ferrari and claim both titles.
Vapor lock makes more sense.  As the fuel tank gets empty the  fuel gets hotter  until it literally boils and becomes  gas. They can fix this insulating the  tank.
Verstappen quit on RB
Dropping the car off of the jack is a typical made up story from Red Bull, no truth in it at all.
Red bull gives you wings… and gets itself toed
Secret haha pull your tongue out host. It's getting cringy to fook
Dropping the car "4 or 5 hundred millimeters" 🤣🤣🤣🤣
So, what happened with Gasly's MGU-K? What was leaking on it? Isn't that the real problem?
How does the FIA check that any change to the engine or fuel is purely reliability related? is it possible for a team to sneak in some performance along with reliability?
In the German media after conversations with Marko they suppose that RB would have less fuel than necessary, this was done to "compensate" the overweight of the car, in fact Verstappen complained about doing the inlap slower than usual, that is, you do an undercut but then you do not give Gas at all?...that it happens with both cars right at the end of the race would support this theory, if we add that this year the 110 Kg rule was abolished then that theory takes credibility.
3x Redbull powered engines out with issues related or not related to engines, fuel, fuel pumps as you choose to belive. Regardless thats 3x Redbull cars out due to reliability. Perhaps someone has really, really p***ed off the racing Gods.
Bla bla bla click bait title and speculation BS, shame on you!
Meanwhile Tsunoda... 😎
I don't have horse in this race, but I do hope RB fixes the issue so we can have a 3-way battle for the title on our hands possibly.  I say 3-way cause I'm fairly certain MB will get their shit sorted out sooner rather than later and put Hamilton or Russel back towards the front.  In any case this season is already proving to shake things up quite a bit, I'm glad we get 22 more races!
As a UK viewer the bit about E10 fuel was interesting. If E10 fuel is aggressive enough to materials to damage F1 parts and stop cars from finishng races, then is it likely/possible that it will be damaging standard road cars in a similar manner?
I'm really new to F1 but I'm surprised that they're not required to use the same fuel provided by FIA.
Wow, F1 fans really are pathetic lol. But then again, that goes for many sports so what can you expect.
it's pErez not perEz, i had to say it or i'd get crazy sorry xD
As someone who owns multiple bmws that suffer hpfp issues due to e10 I’m not surprised
Even Yuki had a steering problem during testing session.🤔🤔🤔
Max steering that car is really impressive. He is such a talent
FIA sabotage aha
or FIA told to RB to give back one win from last year...
Red Bull will suffer in Saudi, even more than they did in Bahrain, mark my words.
I was too busy cheering at Redbull’s “bad luck” to notice blinky blink lights, maybe the lights were blinking in Morse Code “Karma is a Bitch”.
why the fuk are they racing in dictatorship country's? money?
Tldr: karma
The fact that Max able to drive the car several laps without "power steering" is amazing. And this could be a loophole for RB to exploit some performance when they resolve reliability issues.
I'm not one to jump on the conspiracy wagon at all, but if it is a spec part - on all 3 RB-powered cars - it's almost as if the FIA wanted RB to end the first race on the backfoot so as to ensure an exciting season.
If they actually dropped it from 4-500 mm then most things would have an issue
1:48 Dropping a car 400 or 500 millimeters would cause a lot of damage!
Is it a long term realiability issue?
Question is, who will whinger spice complain to at the FIA tho?
Looks like we have fuel tamperers, and if teams tamper with their fuel and flow, wallah pop goes the weasel. Caught red handed.
I have a question, if low fuel was a problem then how come they didnt face something like this or this in qualifying sessions?
I wouldn't be surprised if everything RBR reports is bollocks.  I mean is it a rule that they have to tell the truth about mechanical failures and the reasons behind them?
The FIA already said it wasn’t the fuel pump! Its a RB problem!
What are the odds that Only the 2 Red Bulls were affected when all the cars had the same fuel pump. 🤔 Not being funny seems a bit odd, unless it's some kind of barely legal design By Adrian Newey, with the Red Bull(no surprise since Red bull gives you Flexi-wings) causing this mysterious fuel vaporisation. I know that ethanol damages non compartible rubber/plastic but that was obviously forseen. Red Bull must have been running less fuel than the rest of the grid. When Perez's car got retired in Abu Dhabi, many people also said it was because of low fuel 🤷🏾‍♂️But it kinda made sense seeing how he was able to challenge Lewis in that race.
Fascinating, but as a channel dedicated to Formula 1, I would expect you by now to pronounce Alphatauri correctly. Is it really that hard? Do you pronounce ‘Taurus’ as ‘Towrus’?
You have to surpass 15% ethanol for the mixture to become slightly more corrosive than standard gasoline on certain plastics. Also ethanol is not that volatile. It's actually far less volatile than gasoline (because ethanol boiling point is 70 degrees higher than gasoline). That's why on old carburated cars converted to ethanol, starting was a issue (often the cars used gasoline just for starting), because the fuel vas not volatile enough for the carburetors to work correctly.
Quite funny seeing Verstappen recklessly fighting for the lead and ruining his tyres. Leclerc actually made him look pretty average
I hope that Red Bull have the same issues throughout. Plenty of DNF's for the gobshites would make me very happy.
I'm voting for vapor lock, because ethanol based fuel interacting with fuel system components should be a solved issue by now. We've used ethanol for decades.
400-500mm would be a pretty big drop.
👍
Could Perez running out of fuel have the same effect (engine locking Up) ?
Wasent a fule pump if it was the fule pump redbull would be screaming it out to the fia because it being a part all teams use. Fingers are pointing at the lift pump or injectors with the extensive heat something has failed drastically i dont think they will tell us tho
With 57  laps to go , wondering how those new car format will cope with a longer race , with a shorter race  or may be without the safety car , which extended the running time , this  issue wd have not occurred  during the race  ??
Dont hear anything about his brake problems that he had from early on..
i think you guys can do a little bit better with your voice sound quality (mic choices and placement). even scarbs via zoom sounds way better. that being said i’ve finally subbed so here’s hoping for the future!
That's rather bold to believe we all know what it's like trying to turn the wheels without power steering. I do, but there are large numbers of drivers who've been driving for a decade or two that have never driven anything but a vehicle with power steering.
ha ha ha...it is called Karma
This video is using out of date information! Red bull are no longer blaming the spec part supplier. This was public at the time this video was released. Very lazy reporting.
Karma
How is scarbs on every F1 channel? He is everywhere.
DONT TALK TO ME ABOUT E10 FUEL IT WILL BE THE DEATH OF US AND LETS NOT GO INTO THE GREEN STORY ITS ALL A LOAD OF BOLLOCKS !!!!!!!!!
Something tell’s me this is red bullshit they came up with this excuse before they had any of the car’s back & I think they’ve got a bigger problem that is probably against the rule’s…what do red bull do to those engines when they get them from Honda???
I had both issues with my Morris 1000 a few years ago Hell of a problem to solve !! Great up load as always Thanks for letting us mere mortals in on theissues !!!!
You forgot to mention his high brake temperature issue. Aerodynamic brake ducting?
Awww….   Cry baby Max can’t steer.. needs to grow up, stop whinging all the time when things don’t go his way
Yuki had a steering issue that weekend as well…..coincidence???
What a clickbait...... only speculations.......
make Tsunoda Max teammate… he’s the only one can read & understand the manual. 👀😬
So this is just a rehash of the peter windsor channel?!  Thumbs down bruv!
The RB’s rear lights were going wonky for a couple laps before the total failure. I watched the onboards and Carlos even noticed it going wonky on Max’s car.
The cars now are becoming more and more complicated. The FIA seem to be in charge now gone are the days when you had mechanics to build your teams car..now they are nothing more than glorified laptops.. They killed the sport when they made clone cars
"Can't park there sir" Hahahahahahah so random
wow nice jab?
can we get some details on E10? in theory this should provide a nice additional layer of knock protection.
Soooo the title suggests you know the actual reason, but just like everyone, you are speculating what may be a variety or reasons...
I suggest to all Driver61 staff to learn how the rest of the world uses the metric system.
The reliability of the new RB engine. Expect a lot more to come since Honda’s out of the picture
These E10 theories are bs to be honest. If my 18 year old Zafira can run E85 I'm sure an F1 car can handle E10.
I think Red Bull suffered the delivery of an EMP from a disgruntled Hamilton fan 😂😂😂😂😂
E10 isn't a high ethanol blend...you have to surpass 15% for it to make the mixture noticeably more corrosive. It's also not at all volatile. Ethanol is actually an incredibly stable molecule. Methanol, nitro methane, and other race fuels are actually volatile, while ethanol is so not volatile, we sell it in bottles for human consumption (and Everclear isn't 90% filler, it's 90% ethanol). This "expert" is a moron.  While it is possible that the very, very, very small amount of ethanol is causing more corrosion of electric insulators, it's not very likely to be the root cause. The more likely cause is someone at F1 or FIA didn't do their chemistry when looking at insulating materials for those parts. Ethanol and e10 blends have been around long enough that top level engineers should know how to negate side effects. My old-school hot rodder father converted his mid-60's Mercury's 302 (306 with porting/polishing) to e85 and it ran just amazingly well (it doesn't like the cold though; the car actually runs cooler than it did on pump gas). He did the whole thing in his garage; not a multi-million dollar factory. And he did it on a shoestring budget (not a shoestring budget according to a millionaire, a shoestring budget for someone earning just above the average yearly income for a US worker)! The thing was still running like a champ until the Shelby intake warped. It's getting an e85 stroker next.
KARMA.  They conspired with Michael Messup to rob Sir Lewis of the 2021 Championships and his $8 World  Championships during the last laps at Abu Dhabi. Come 2022 in the last laps of Bahrain KARMA HAS REACHED OUT to bite them in their BUTTS. I ronically right after a Safety car start during  the same late laps. Was this coincidental? HELL NO. THIS WAS KARMA. What goes around comes around. And they will have plenty more of this in 2022. One thing is for sure their is no love lost for Dirty Driver Max Crashtappen by Clarles Leclerc.  They have had a history since 2019. I feel certain that Charles will grab any and every opportunity to payback in full. Interesting times are ahead. Let's see how the COUNTERFEIT CHAMPION deals with a taste of his own MEDICINE 💊😋.
Are you sure the car was dropped 400-500mm? Surely you mean 40-50m ;) (Youtube generally seems to be pretty terrible with units)
Wow! You have Scarb.
Dropping it 4 or 5 hundred millimeters. That's a foot and a half.
Calling McLaren a top 10 team now is a bit of a stretch lol
other teams will probably take precautions and do this now meaning that all the other teams get away scot-free :(
As a mechanical engineer in the car industry, I must point out, that simple low fuel can cause the same issue, or lack off coherency of the fuel at low level.   I am not 100% sure, but thought they take the fuel in the rear of the reservoir, because... you need lot's of fuel when accelerating, thus slamming the fuel in the rear triangle of the reservoir.  This also explains why his car stalled under braking...  Maybe their old fuel level calculations methodes do not apply to this new type of fuel and they need to add some more.
Fuel pump failure doesnt add up. All fuel pumps in all cars are all the same. Only rebull and honda engines failed?
I bet it's low fuel, too much of a coincidence that it happened at the end of the race, at almost an identical time. Might have to water down that rocket fuel a bit!
As mention and word of the redbull  Boss they are good to an energy drink brand,wow what a word someone eat their own words
I think RED BULL will not tell the real Truth against his opponents, from my point of view lookslike problems with Fuel, maybe they push too much during race, or new Red Bull has bigger consuptiom then their Rivals. 2 laps till end they call for Verstapen box box, and with Perez they risked till end of race, but it ended like we saw, all are for sure just speculation ... and nobody knows real Truth.
Vapour lock caused by excess heat.  Shrink wrapped bodywork + new fuel + reduced insulation to save weight + safety car + running closer to car in front + fuel not injected to cylinder gets heated by engine then returned to tank causing runaway problem as tank empties = sad Karen.
Reliability is important 😎😎
In my opinion it cant be the pump...if it would be the pump they would have blamed it in public i guess to make clear it wasnt their fault
Karma is a bitch. They stole Lewis’ 8th title unfairly. Now they get DNF. I hope they get DNF all season long.
I haven't even watched the video yet...but Red Bull... you know, you depend on caffeine and sugar to get by....you can run out of energy quickly....OK, on to the interesting parts...
40 or 50 mm NOT 400-500mm
The problem with blaming the E10 for the multiple problems is that it has been run in literally hundreds of millions of cars over many billions of miles.  E10 is the  nominal fuel for the United States and has been for over a decade- let alone E100 has been using in Indy car for a very long time.  It's properties and issues have been known for over 30 years, as well as its differences to E0.  If the fuel properties are really a problem, Red Bull engineers have some serious things to look at inside of the organization.    The other issue- running out of fuel isn't going to lock up the engine.  Remember, going into each corner, for good fuel efficiency, the fuel is shut off to the engine- so that you get full engine braking and don't use fuel to slow down.  The engine is more than capable of spinning w/o fuel using the momentum of the car.  If it does, again, the Red Bull Powertrain engineers have a lot to look back on themselves.  These "excuses" really makes the engineering team at Red Bull look like a bunch of fools.  (that goes for the "bent" track rod from dropping the car- and how do you bend a carbon fiber track rod?)  Makes no sense.
Ethanol fuel is fantastic! Once Europe gets used to it, you guys will love it too! 👍 🏁🚙🇦🇺
perhaps something inside the bodywork/nose bent, something we can't see on the rod on the outside, due to the newer heavier weight of the tires?
Its only 1st race of the season boi,  chill out you Shamilton die  hard fans.
Alinol was the case, i knew it!
What about Mercedes. Why are they struggling now. Are their problems aero? Engine power?
Really good info, thanks!
For me interesting was seeing the lights at the back of both red bull cars blinking weirdly a lap or two before the failure  This could suggest an electronic issue (not enough power, power delivery being cut) which links it much closer to Gasly's issue  Notice that on both Max's and Perez cars it was the left rear light that stopped blinking, which of course may be a coincidence but I dont remember this to happen ever before
I have the answer.....and it will continue throughout this season at least for Honda powered teams this year.  The new E10 fuel introduced this year, is a problem for the Honda engine, especially when the cars are on low fuel load. Gasly's as well, but in this instance engine overheating because of the E10. The new fuel seems to work better in the Mercedes and Ferrari engines.  I forsee Max will be "complaining" about loss of power.....in most races.
The real reason for Verstappen's failure is that he left his plastic world championship trophy under the engine cover and it melted.
Not buying it. Track rod nope. Fuel pump nope.
You got me with the "you can't park there sir!" 🤣
3:15 All of the top 10 teams did inspect the fuel system. What about the rest of the teams? /s
1:48 Dropping a car from 400-500 millimeters would indeed damage it for sure, I think you meant 40-50?
It surprises me how much of an F1 car is still operated by hydraulics rather than electronic actuators. 🤔
The real problem was that Honda's engine manual was in Japanese so only Yuki understood it and finished the race. Everything else are conspiracy theories.
I hope Max doesn't finish a single race this year to compensate for the fixed last race and the wrongfully claimed championship that it caused.
Perez made a mistake
Haha the ? is E10 petrol ok in my road car argument with will be interesting now
If the fault is in the control part that is a huge fail for the FIA, especially if it is that the pump isn’t compatible with ethanol. The again, could it be possible that RBR didn’t put enough fuel in the cars or had higher than anticipated fuel consumption?  Which would be very embarrassing for the team!
Absolutely Gutted for Red Bull! Truly I am🤣🤣🤣
Perhaps Redbull were so busy sandbagging during their tests to always have higher and heavier fuel loads that they didn't actually simulate a natural full race run, and never got to the point of extended driving under low fuel conditions.
It's "Honda" ???? It's happening again'''''????
Honda : Blown & Failure Engine* GP2 Engine : Hello darkness my friend...
They cant cone back from this
ban DRS
Ethanol can be kept in a plastic bottle for years; odd that the part manufacturer didn't test. We test all of our [jet engine] parts in environments that they won't ever likely see, besides all the likely stuff. Vapour lock was my first thought, in any case. With a recirculating injection system (not dead-headed) this is mitigated; I'd think F1 cars would have this.
Scarbs is nice but why is he everywhere
The first incident was when max said he had issues with engine braking
4 or 5 hundred mm?
Yuki must be feeling reaaaaal lucky 😂
I disagree
Wasnt McLaren commenting on the new fuel pumps being unable to get all of the fuel out of the tanks when running low? Or was it Ferrari? I'm not sure anymore. So that could also be a hint of that 'low running fuel' vapor thing possible issue.
My biggest takeaway was how destructive the drivers like Mazapin and Stroll are for our sport. Look at Kmag and Hulk. These two are clearly talented and both were not considered first. Also because the competition has been watered down by sub par drivers the other young drivers don’t have a chance to be the greatest because the are not racing the greatest. Look who Lewis raced against as a up and comer.
Great, informative vid. Thanks guys!
Can we get a post-mortem on the McLaren performance? Would like to know if my favourites have any chance of points this year..
I could've told the FIA that corn fuel and plastic don't get along very well. Ask Yamaha Marine, too, if you don't want to take a Tuber's opinion on it. And, corn fuel IS NOT more environmentally friendly. That's a myth.
To see both red bulls go out made my week . 😄😄😄
I can entirely believe that dropping a car 400-500mm would cause significant damage, because that's 40-50cm (or 1'4"-1'8" for those who prefer obsolete measurement units). I think you meant 40-50mm.
Pleeeeeease! Put captions/subtitles on Craig... it's very difficult to understand him for a not native English speaker...
They're lying...
Thumbs up for the 'cant park there sir'
The jacks don't lift the car 4 or 500mm @1:46
Major take home from race 1... Ferrari PU is the one to have this year.... and they're basically fixed for 3 years.
Instructions from Honda were in Japanese
I hope it happens more often, every race if possible
Wow my car has something in common with an F1 car now, it also runs badly on E10.
They ufcked up! Merc couldn't solve their bouncing issue & Redbull didn't do enough long run testing. Ferrari is in the lead at this point
i feel incredibly sorry for red bull, they came into the season with what seemed to be the best car, or the second best  car for the least, and they were looking down the barrel of some decent points, butttttttt, no team is safe from reliability issues.
They are still Honda power units, notice the HRC on the cars bodywork. Honda just shut down the Milton Keynes factory. Red bull won't have an engine until 2025.
Redbull was hit with that f1 2021 Bahrain dnf cheese.. 💀
Max would have grown huge biceps after the race if he would have finished.
I just want some fair battles between ferrari, redbull and mercedes no crashes and no sudden DNF's
Dropped 400 or 500mm??? Maybe try imperial because metric isnt working for you
Yeah, the cars broke down, bud.
#Karma
This, theoretically, could strike every team. RB might do well to take preventive measures, but it could affect everyone.
1:10 burnt body work? Just looks like the wrap got really got 🤷‍♂️
Merc and Red Bull will straighten it out. Will it be in time to compete with the Ferrari? Probably not this year.
According to ‘the race’ RB didn’t do any low fuel runs in practice, so I wonder if this left them exposed somewhat at the end of the race when the engines are running on very low fuel
Please don't release videos with wrong info. It's been known for 24h that it wasn't a fuel pump issue.
I don't know if it's just me but I find there's too much of Callum's face in these videos, or maybe the transitions are wrong. I'd rather keep looking at the F1 images or schematics while he's talking than have his face filling the whole screen.
Perhaps they simply ran out of fuel & are too embarrassed to admit it
It wasn’t the pump. Of course RB will say that it was. After all, nothing can be “their” fault! I think it is the shape of the fuel tank when on low fuel that caused PER issue. To me, GAS looked like an electrical issue, and SO did VER. If it turns out that the PER issue was electrical, then RB may have some serious issues for the first few races.
i do not believe a single word out of Horner's mouth. Track rod my ass , it was an intermittent problem at first that got worse just like a hydraulic problem. the fuel pump was a second issue and Perez had a third issue IMHO. super tight packaging and poor cooling is my guess .
What would the FIA do if it was a spec item that caused a DNF?
E10 is garbage in normal cars, I can't believe that they have to use it f1.
Clutch
Hope red bull fixes them quick so we can have a nice Charles vs Max battle throughout the season
Let's just call it Hondbull engine 😂
retirements wouldn't be so bad if they didn't happen on the literal last laps of the race, a weekend to really forget for red bull
I find it interesting how Redbull and Mercedes diehard fans are arguing over who has the better engine on the grind meanwhile they both are getting beaten by the Ferrari engines
Steering issue as well as PU problems and Max still pushed it for 4 laps
First! 💯
