Wow.  Every single pick analysis was the exact opposite.  YouTubers really just say anything. Polluting the atmosphere with terrible takes and messing with the basketball knowledge of the masses
Lol quit watching basketball 🏀 as your takes are ass.
almost every winner is a loser here, and almost every loser is a winner lol
Came back looking to see if this clown’s video was still up.This clown still hasn’t removed this video.Suggs is garbage and Barnes is way better then him.Take this crap take video down you dummy!!!!!
Get a new job, clown.
haha - how well did this age? You guys don't know what the raptors are all about - cover another team that's more mainstream.
You took a fat L
You still haven’t deleted this pile of garbage take on Scottie Barnes?You are a clown of epic proportions!😂🤦‍♂️
dang this aint age well 😂😂
delete the video
This didn’t age well
Just checking back in to clarify that Scottie clearly should have been the 4th pick, hell, he should have been gone at 3.
Trash
Lmao
this aged well
I love watching stuff like this back aggressively disrespecting the ROTY by calling him a loser
Delete this crap now!!!!!
now you can delete this video. lol
This is why listening to random YouTubers is a dangerous game regarding top prospects. Rather follow the track record and decision making of elite organizations and their scouts/management
Lol this aged well…you lost all credibility with the Raptors taking Scottie freaking Barnes take 😆
Didn’t age well
Wrong about the thumbnail
The best revenge is massive success  -Frank Sinatra #scottieroy
This take will be the death of the channel 😂😂😂 time for a new gig kid
Thumbnail aged horribly
This didn’t age very well
Wow just listening to this makes me proud that Raptors have Masai and Bobby. Never doubt their leadership.
Yikes. ROTY vibes over here..
Lol this aged well, Raps now the biggest winners, this is why don't follow media and talking heads, trust the expert execs.
This aged horribly.
this is hilarious
Scottie Barnes is the ROY. The thumbmail 🥴
Now All Rookie First Team and ROTY. Man, you made my day !!!
Aye where are you at fools? Scottie made you look like stupid by winning rookie of the year! HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
Whos here after Scottie won ROTY?
This looks real good right beside Scottie Barnes’ ROOKIE OF THE YEAR award
this video is a joke today
LOL roty scottie barnes was called an L
This video didn't age well. Scottie ROY.
AND WHO TF WON ROOKIE OF THE YEAR?!
LOOOOOOOOOOL
Lol it was not safe to say. In no universe will Suggs be even close to as good as Scottie will be. Can’t teach size
i’m back for smoke. ROTY, don’t ever forget
Scottie ROTY. Please remove this video when you get a chance.
This guy knows nothing about drafting, he really thought Barnes was an L. Please stay away from posting any NBA content EVER!
Then Scottie won ROY 🤣🤣🤣
This aged well
How is it a loss that the raptors picked the ROTY over Jalen… you and me have very different definitions of losing
This didnt age well #roty
Scottie barnes roty
JimmerRange does it mean your range for knowing basketball is far away from knowing anything never doubt Maasai ROY Scottie Barnes baby! More like the raps were this biggest winners you baboon.
Wow this vid really didnt age well.  Scottie is ROY now and Suggs is well.. no one talks abt him anymore.
Jimmerbadtakes... looks like you need to extend your RANGE on your scouting...
Watching this 2 days after Scottie Barnes was crowned ROTY!.. makes this video even funnier... crazy how much outsiders doubt Masai Ujiri and Bobby Webster.
The biggest mistake? Jimmer that’s who.  The biggest loser? Jimmer that’s who.  The Winner? Masai Ujiri and the Toronto Raptors.
Barnes won ROY.
5:45 🥱
Ladies and gentlemen, your 2021-2022 NBA Rookie of the Year, Scottie Barnes
Look who’s the loser now.
scottie barnes rookie of the year now hahhaa
ROTY
GUESS WHAT THE RAPTOR'S WERE THE WINNERS OF THIS DRAFT AND SCOTTIE BARNES WINNING ROTY PROVES IT ALL LOL. BIG L FOR THIS VIDEO.
Lol Barnes just won ROY. This did not age well
THIS DIDNT AGE WELL!!! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This video didn't age well. Scottie Barnes got ROOKIE OF THE YEAR! Davion Mitchell played amazing for Sacramento as well.
Barnes won the rookie of the year man
Cold takes.
This aged well…Scottie Barnes ROTY
Lol’ this selection puts them in a questionable position going forward ‘😅😅😅
This vid didn't  age well..
lol
LMFAO!!! Fast forward to yesterday, April 21, 2022 NBA Rookie of the Year: Scottie Barnes!!!
Scottie Barnes won ROTY! Who the hell is Jalen Suggs?
Coming back to this when Scottie won ROY😂
damn you clearly know a lot great analysis my guy 🤡😂  ROY #scottiefuturemvp
This video didn’t age well, Barnes is the ROTY
LMAO
Well, that video didn’t age well 😂
Well this video aged well
lol
delete this
ur page suck fam😂
Basically everything he said is wrong
Everyday this video gets worse 🤣😅🤣😅
AND... Scottie Barnes is one of the best players in the draft lol
this vid aged well
This video is not aging well . Barnes is the best rookie in the draft class
that thumbnail alone… yikes… #inmasaiwetrust
This did not age well
Poor guy pretending to be an expert and getting it all wrong
tell me something big man
Yikes
Delete your Vid, Scottie Barnes is leading all Rookies and making look like the Loser.
Lol just take this video down g SB🔥
Yeah i think it's time you apologize to Masai.. Barnes is playing on a whole different level than this class.. say you are sorry.. come on say it.. you can do it
Lolol this dude thinks he's smarter than Masai
This video aged like milk 🥛 cheers boys.
1:30 😂😂😂 stats wise is lookin like one off the worst players in the league LOL
RAPTORS LOSERS AHHHAHAHA
2 months later....the thumbnail to this videos is hilarious
Looks like the Raptors are winners now.
Will you rather have a true holiday or a chance at kawhi/giannis
25 pts against the Celtics tonight for Scottie Barnes. Take this L casual
You didnt even mention shariffe cooper bro your tweaking
as a raptors fan i love to see everyone in the comments hating on his opinion about scottie barnes.
1.2K DISLIKES because you SO WRONG about Scottie Barnes!!
L video lol
Suggs was the 4th pick you’re right about that but the warriors are winners in the draft kuminga reclassified and joint the g league ignite so he can have more experience and be ready for the nba the warriors have a good pick
Ouch Jimmer Scottie already making you look bad. So sad to hear man.
lmfao bro don't make videos on other teams if you're going to be this biased.😂. Raptors drafted someone who's the perfect fit for the team but you wouldn't know because you don't know shit about the organization.  Keep that energy when Scottie Barnes clamps your favourite players 😁😁😂🤣🤣😂😂
Scotty barnes will be a super star!
Thunder traded alperen sengun for picks that will never convey
L josh giddens L bias thunder fan
Look at that ratio
Detroit won the draft by far
This post is not looking promising.
Scottie jus dropped 18 and 10 his first summer league game quit sleeping on This nigga man💯
Dude hilarious, why Scottie, he's a win.
To say the Knicks are losers demonstrates your lack of understanding of the Knicks roster and timetable.  Suffice to say that they got Grimes at a $2M cap saving and the toughest PG in draft at #38.  They later got the 2nd of your pre draft honorable mentions at 58.  Again saving $ on 2nd rd guys who will be bench players that will likely contribute right away.
You're the biggest loser for thinking Giddey is in the same universe as LaMelo. Also.l, the knicks got Grimes, Deuce, Sims, Rokas, a future 1st and a future second by using the 19th, 21st and 32nd picks. Insane value but you're to dumb to realize that. I challenge you to do a video without thinking the thunder do everything right because they haven't won ish yet lmaoooo......I'll wait
They really called Tre Mann "Terrence Mann" 😐 really nigga.  I guess Tre is pronounced as Terrence
Go Hornets!!
Loser content. Haha.
what about the jazz? jared butler at 40 was a huge steal
Whack take. Toronto won the draft. Good thing you're not a GM
Weak video....
Davion Mitchell gonna make you upload an apology video when you see how he plays
Suggs vs Malachi Flynn.. will take Flynn just due to his 1 year of learning under 2 solid guards. Barnes.. way more potential and self confidence than Suggs
Rockets won the whole Draft
4:21 tre Mann
Malachi has been very good for the Raptors…. And dont forget that Scottie also plays point
Wow. I’d like to know how much research you put into these kids that you get off calling the Raptors losers for drafting Scottie Barnes. Did you conduct interviews? Did you put them through work outs? Did you interview their former coaches, team mates, family and friends? Cos the Raptors did all that. And what’s more, they also have a better idea of what they need. And to top it all off, Barnes was projected to be a top 6 or 7 pick anyway, so what in the world makes you think the Raptors are losers for picking him? Jalen Suggs is no more a sure fire pick than Markelle Fultz was a few years ago, and we all saw how that went down. The truth of the matter is, the draft is a crap shoot and we can’t really grade it until a few years down the line. Last year, everyone was passing around As to the Warriors for drafting Wiseman, then calling him a bust before the season was done when, truth be told, there’s still a long way to go in his career. Calling a team a winner is fine, but calling them losers? Maybe do that when you have more info at your fingertips than the opinions of other tubers like you.
I’ve watched a couple of your videos and it shows your basketball knowledge isn’t there, how can you disrespect Scottie like that?? I only watch some of your videos to listen to your massive bs
Damn I already felt bad because I got attached to Suggs as a Raptors fan, but now everyone who just says Raptors is a loser or had a bad pick just beats me down even more... I'm gonna trust the Rapotors front office to do their job correctly, but still damn...
also that report offer from the thunder to pistons was fake
clueless
How you make a winners and losers before they even play a game 😭
Accidentally said Terence instead of Tre
If Orlando don't make the playoffs this upcoming season, then I'm coming back here and laugh at all y'all faces. Suggs ain't taking them anywhere
🚀 the big winners. Not even close
The Kings can´t be losers because they drafted the steal of the draft in Neemias Queta
Detroit got an A++ IMO.
How you gonna call a team a loser pick when they haven't played a  minute in the nba
Pels are winners too
It is a good time to be a Hornets fan. Lfg!!!!! Buzz city
The rockets got the 16th pick for two heavily protected first rounders that are almost for sure going to turn into seconds
spurs just messed up with that pic
Suggs so overhyped. Not good at anything at all
Stop smoking that crappy crack shit talking bad about the 4th pick. You don’t know sheet. In masai we trust. Just look on the magic roster, they already have Cole then drafted another pg! Gtfo boi
Well this video won’t age well…
Horrible take.  The Raptors made a really wise decision
How are the Knicks losers when whoever they wanted to draft was off the board… so they pivoted and gain assets for trading down.  Chess not Checkers.
Tre Mann, not Terrence mann
Everyone is so high on Suggs, talented, but there’s very few Steph/Lillard/Kyrie types.  I’m not as huge on him as a star…  Not really on Barnes either, but 6”9 with passing and defense means playtime/rotation spot immediately
Gonna visit this video again in 2-3 years when Barnes is a star
Scottie Barnes is position less he can play 1 through 4 and he fits what Nick Nurse preaches which is defence, two way guys like Og, once he gets his shot developed Scottie Barnes is going to be a PROBLEM
Wizards got Isaiah Todd. Seems like CB 2.0
Warriors 4ever!!
No way he just said taking Josh Giddey over JONATHAN KUMINGA is a good pick.  Giddey has potential but JK is on another level
You can’t say anything until the season starts.
sharife cooper as the 48 pick is probably the 2 biggest steal of this draft
You usually hit but this isn’t it bro
Disappointing that you didn’t mention the sleeper pick of the draft; Bones Hyland to the Nuggets
The season has not started Suggs has not done anything yet.. Orlando has not done anything in years.. Defense and length wins NBA championships today.. The Raptors have enough point guards.. Scottie Barnes is a beast..
Who's better than Suggs or Barnes or has more potential is debatable but success will happen more to Barnes because of Toronto's proven player development program. Magic got nothing on that
Damn jimmer you really know nothing about basketball
Scottie finna be good but fr y’all don’t realize that the raptors are trading pascal
People don’t understand that these kids legit don’t want to play in Canada so when one comes along that ACTUALLY a wants to play up North we got to take him I think Scottys gonna be a Raptor for a long while
MAGIC BIGEST LOSER IN LOTTERY, BUT BIGEST WINNERS IN DRAFT.
How are the raptors losers??? This guy is a total moron. There’s no winners or losers for a few years anyway, what a dumb video to make before not even one of them have played an nba minute.  Also Scottie Barnes has the potential to be the best in the draft if he develops a shot. Gtfo
The correct answer is you don’t know and are just guessing
Knicks made out w a future first, a second, Grimes - who can shoot and solid two way and Deuce McBride. Turn the crack pipe around.
It’s been reported that Suggs forcefully tanked his interview with the Raptors making sure that they do not pick him, prompting the Trade talks of Raptors were looking to trade down in the draft.  Well, it worked because he got his wish.
This dude contradicted himself lol. He said “you never draft for need” but then he gave Sacramento a bad grade for NOT drafting for NEED 🤦‍♂️  He even admitted the player they draft (Davion Mitchell) is a REALLY GOOD PLAYER 🤦‍♂️
I am honestly predicting that Scottie Barnes is better than Jalen Suggs at the end of there careers
Stop embarrassing yourself lol. Raptors nailed it! Excellent fit & high ceiling! Anyone who doesn't comprehend that is clueless & only knows names & what morons like Stephen A Smith spout 🙄 Just like they'd never get an nba franchise, never win the Larry OB... etc etc lololol Enough ;o) Raps win as a TEAM with great work ethic & don't need any primadonnas ugh. Don't @ me because I'm sick to death of know nothing know-it-alls smh
I was coming on here for a good opinion not a 16 year olds
I can still se the magic ruining Suggs lmfao
4:22 Terrence mann ??  Tre
Raptors had a top 4 pick and at that number you need to draft a guy who can make an impact in the league.    While Suggs might do so there is a very high percentage that he will just be an ok player.   Why?  He went to Gonzaga, the last time a player from Gonzaga was anything more than decent was John Stockton 25+ years ago.  Most players out of Gonzaga are out of the league within 5 years.   Masai can't afford that.    But it goes to your knowledge that you targeted Orlando as a big winner with Suggs and Wagner.  As a Michigan fan, Wagner was not a top 10 pick (Nik Stauskas was a better player when he left Michigan than Wagner is).   At best he was a late 1st round selection or 2nd rounder.   He is inconsistent while being a streaky shooter.   Not to mention isn't the most fluid athlete.
Tre Mann*** not Terrance
Man, you really are biased. It's fine, we all are, but you were high as hell on Barnes prior to the draft but I don't recall u saying much about Giddy (I'm tired as fuck so maybe it's my memory failing me, if so, my apologies). Now u criticize the selection of Barnes by the Raptors, I find this confusing.
The sad part is that 90% of them will barely play this season so at the end of the day the difference will mostly come from the new time changes and transferences.
Anyone else feel a compulsive need to burn some raptors jerseys?
What you say about the Raptors is only accurate if we are getting rid of Kyle, which we aren't. Pascal is not going anywhere, dude is only 2 seasons removed from being an All NBA player. Drafting Suggs would have stunted his growth, not too mention Malachi Flynn is underrated. In less then 2 years we will have Two DPOY candidates and become a perennial play off team again. Our core is consists of players drafted outside of the top 10 and you still have doubts about Masai! Strange
This is what happens when you rush to put out content with limited/less than basic knowledge of the franchises you speak on. Barnes was always the better prospect.  There's a reason two of the best drafting organization in the league (Toronto and OKC) had Barnes over Suggs, and why OKC was throwing offers to TOR to get to 4 to draft Barnes.  Toronto already has scorers, so the idea Suggs was gonna come in like some franchise savior and just be given the green light is straight dummy talk.  Barnes fit incredibly well in Nurses defensive system and can affect the game through defense, play making and energy while his offense develops.  Acting like Suggs was gonna get the green light over FVV, Siakam and even OG is suggesting you don't actually know what direction the Raps are going or how their team works.
As a Raps fan, me and a whole heap overreacted. The funniest reactions can't compare to my overreaction. I trust Masai, just had a short mental breakdown.
Bro how are the Jazz not winners?
Although I believe Suggs would’ve been a smarter pick, I’m not gonna say Scottie is a bad pick, especially if he is developed correctly. Best of luck to both guys as they start their careers.
Rafael Stone and my Rockets definitely won the draft. Warriors, Magic and Charlotte had a good draft too though.
i dont mind the raptors taking scottie barnes.  that guy i think will be the most versatile defender of this draft.  rockets were the biggest winners despite trading up to get sengun.  i dont particularly like sengun's potential because i think hes slow, undersized and unathletic...but he has a lot of value around the league so it was a good pick.  jalen green was obv a great pick, garuba is a great defender and josh christopher has a lot of potential as a scorer.
Warriors, Cavs, Rockets, and Pistons biggest winners
Bro you are supposedly a Thunder Fan but you don’t even know the 18th overall pics name isn’t Terrance Mann, it’s TreShaun Mann. That’s enough for me to realize you are clueless in everything your talking about. This was my first time and last time tuning in to your channel. If you wanna be a basketball guru learn the names of the players especially the ones your own team.
Pistons stole Luka Garza at 52
*Tre Mann not Terrance Mann
Scottie is 6’9 guard with great handles, amazing defence & play making. His jumper ain’t the greatest but Suggs is streaky shooter and doesn’t have great defence
Utah are the biggest winners tbh
Scottie is the steal of the draft 😂😂
You wanted Barnes to fall to 6 for OKC, meanwhile OKC wanted to move up to 4 to take Barnes. But sure, Raptors are the losers lmao.
We’re not going to talk about the hawks getting sharife cooper at 48???
I think denver got a steal getting nah shon bones hyland
Big W on the OKC Thunder take. Everyone sleeping on Josh Giddey, a proven bucket in a professional league, not a bunch of kids in college.   A lot of people bout to be humbled.   🇭🇲🇭🇲
Dude keeps talking abt Bouknight going 12. He went 11 to Charlotte and Primo went 12 to San Antonio
Can’t speak of hawks if you don’t mention them scooping rife
This dude lingers his words take speech classes
Fact: Woj sad both Orl and OKC has Barnes higher than Suggs in their ranking.
Pistons won the draft. Garza will be a stud as a pro and they got him 52nd not to mention Cunningham
If Santi Aldama's knee is fine he will be the biggest bargain of the draft. 6'11" wing who won MVP of the Euro U19s. How is that slept on?
The only time we'll hear about Franz Wagner again is in "Busts of the 21' draft' videos.
Man talks like an old tom tom gps. Stop stretching your vowels out
As A Grizzlies fan I HOPE this video doesn’t age well but I doubt it
What do you think about Ayo Dusumo going in the second round
You say that the Raptors are losers for drafting Scottie Barnes, yet you say tha the Thunder are winners even though their haul isn't as good? Now you're being very biased, which diminishes your credibility. What is it with NBA YouTubers in being blatantly biased these days? While I thought that Jalen Suggs would've been a better pick, writing Barnes off is unfair.
Hornets and Houston gonna be fun as hell to watch with their young hoopers.
Yooo ...the raptors develop players ,we don't jus pick up hype jobs and tell em to  go to work,...u develop dem...we ain't the Sixers bro.... y'all gonna all b wrong about the raptors and all us Raptor fans will b laughing at the parade.lol....and by the way , whoever made this video is casual as fecal if he thinks Scottie Barnes is a waste....
Worst pick in Spurs history
Barnes projected better for the Raptors than Suggs.  They did the right thing because they wanted a more versatile player who was longer and was better in the room.  Orlando was fine picking Suggs and he should do well.  At times, he is probably going to play the small ball center and has the length that the team wants.  Suggs is fine but not that much better than Flynn and in three years won't be much better than the Raptors' second-round pick.  I also loved the Kuminga pick for the future.  He might be one of the better people out of this draft.
That thumbnail is not gonna age well
Lost total interest in Suggs when he bragged about any team that passed him over would regret it! Hasn’t even stepped foot on an NBA game court and already shooting off his ego!!
Opinions are like assholes everyone's got one, but anyone that thinks some you tuber named JimmerRange is a better judge of players than Masai Ujiri and Bobby Webster should follow another sport.
FVV Flynn Lowery and D Johnson no need for Suggs was probly how they was thinkn
Raptors gonna develop Barnes into a stud he got everything else already and he’s young with lots of time to improve his jump shot
You’re thunder fan bias seems to be showing when talking bout houston...  they traded to likely lottery picks that are lottery protected to the thunder for an 18 year old mvp of the Turkish league. I think he’ll be a good player. I don’t see how that isn’t a win for them
Thunder are losers for sure, if they were gonna take a player for development than why reach for Giddey?? Kuminga was right there.
Scottie Barnes played point guard for Florida state and Lowry is likely going to leave  so the new starting five would be pg Scottie Barnes sg freddy sf og pf pascal siakam and center Chris Boucher. That’s a playoff team in the eastern  conference  with a top 10 defense in my opinion
Raptors have the best front office in the league. You’re smoking crack if you think this is a bad pick
Lets face it wont know winners or losers until another 5 years
Remember the kawahi trade just remember enough said
Shareif ain’t even get mentioned damn 😭
winners: Pistons, Rockets losers: Spurs, OKC, Raptors? steal of the draft: Rockets with Sengun
IF WE GET BRADLEY BEAL WHICH I HIGHLY DOUBT, ITS GAME TIME
Trust in Pop
I don’t think these players wanna be called “ LOSERS “
I was shocked Moses Moody fell to 14th. I honestly thought he was a good pick from 7-11. He is a STEAL at the 14th pick. He's one of the few players in this draft class that you can plug in and play immediately.
Super short sighted content... but I get it, you're a content creator and you have fresh material.  Hope this ages well for you.
Hawks definitely won
We all remember the porzingis pick Barnes could be a surprise just like he was for the knicks
Lmaoo yikes. You can’t really pinpoint the losers/winners without actually seeing them play with their new team at an NBA level. At least wait ‘till the all-star break to make some speculations; even then, that might be too early. They still have sooo much more time to develop/improve their game.  Also, I’m not a Raptors fan, but even I disagree with the Raps being ‘losers’. Their developmental coaches are known to be really good, so I wouldn’t count out Scottie just yet.  Side note- you should probably know the guy your team drafted. It’s Tre Mann— not Terance. Tmann plays for LAC and was drafted a couple years ago. Lol.
Greg brown is a steal
you called him terance mann at 4:21 but that’s not even terance 😭😭. terance is on the clippers, and he got drafted back in 2019. the person your team drafted is named tre. and, no, they’re not related.
Kings probably the worst at drafting
7:35 i didnt even know who he was
cool video.
You clearly don’t watch highscool basketball in masai we trust
i fucking love how everyone keeps doubting the raptors even though metric wise we are clearly the best drafters of the 2010s
If anyone is a loser here its definitely you my guy. the audacity and disrespect you put out in this video is just sad. you're just like every American that is invested into the NBA lol always hating on the Canadian teams for no reason. can't wait for this video to age as bad as you will.
Rumor has it Suggs was straight trash during his Raptors workout, and he got so pissed they had to bring him back the next day and he was terrible again. Also OKC wanted to take Barnes at 4 so it isn't what I wanted but Toronto seems to know what they are looking for
Warriors FAN!! And we are winners.  At the very least, with his size and athleticism, Kuminga will be the next Iguodala, and could be Kawhi Leonard or Paul George, or we could still be flipped for a sold rotation player.  I want to win now, and although he probably won't help us win next year, he was a great pick.  And I think you said it all about Moses Moody.
The Kings drafting BPA and addresses a need (defense) is a head scratcher, but OKC reaching for Giddy at 6 and taking another PG in the top 20 and trading away a top 20 pick for basically nothing, are winners???  Yeah, you have ZERO credibility
Raptors aren’t losers 😂😂 Scottie Barnes is a stud
Kuminga should've gotten drafted at 6 in my opinion
"Some lottery protections…" lmao. Watch Alperen Sengun. Rockets basically fleeced the Thunders. Those were the were picks Rockets had. They are protected top 16 and 14. Which means those picks will most likely turn to second rounders lol. 😂. Alperen will be phenomenal all star.
Knicks save cap space, won draft picks and got their guys that were supposed to go in 19 and 21 at 25 and 36. Tf are you talking about bro? We didnt make the most showy draft ever but we damn right picked our guys that will provide needed defense and 3pt shooting. Yall were talking the same about IQ "Who is Immanuel Quicley? Damn i feel bad for knicks fans LMAOO". Foh we will keep receipts.
Bro I love you're videos but your knowledge on basketball Is very questionable
In Ujiri We Trust, I love the ballsy pick cause Suggs was a big drop off from the top 3
In Masai We Trust
Jalen Suggs is TRASH! He’s a bum. Y’all saying he shoulda been drafted earlier is crazy. Suggs and Wagner both won’t be in the league in 4 years. It’s all hype. Michigan white boys don’t pan out and Suggs is basically Shabazz napier lol all March madness hype. You’ll see
Rockets won JAY GUP and Green
calling it a "reach" to draft a guy 4th who was projected 5th or 6th is fucking dumb.
Seriously u think barnes is a loser pick? oh come on man, there is only few 2 way player out there, stop what your smoking bro!
this bozo apparently has more insight than Masai
How do you talk about the Knicks without mentioning us getting Miles McBride who was a projected first round pick at #36
Suggs would have been better but I'm still very happy with Barnes
Thunder is winners but Knicks are losers? Ye ur buggin
He called tre Mann Terrence Mann💀
How am I suppose to respect someone’s opinion that says it’s hard to imagine LaMelo Ball ever being a high volume scorer? Are you kidding me? Just because he’s a great passer and all around guard doesn’t mean this man isn’t dropping 25 points on your favorite teams head… missed a lot of his rookie year and he’s only 19. Come on bro
Don't sleep on the Spurs, they always pick studs. Lets comeback in 3 years and see how Primo developed.
We have to wait and see.. 👀
If you don't mind me asking, why do you use HS highlights of the players when most of them have footage at a higher level?  Otherwise, solid vid
My CHARLOTTE Hornets won the NBA draft we are building something real special. #ALLFLY
I had Pistons Rockets and Hornets as winners I see  thought similarly and low-key the Magic did well too
Biggest losser was who uploaded this video
Not going to watch your garbage kid. Since when you are an expert?
Cavs are losers of this draft because they drafted Evan Mobley, and now they have two young good big men in Mobley and Allen
i was crying when raptors didnt pick suggs. but its masai ujiri
this guy a casual
I watched a lot of big 10 basketball and I can confirm that Franz Wagner was a hugeeeee reach. He wasn't even the best player on his own team. Passing up on Suggs too was a big mistake at 4. Magic blew this draft
Tre Mann not Terrence
Theirs a lot of people I thought would have been drafted higher or drafted Lower but I love that it wasn’t a basic draft
one of the biggest winners of that draft was the hawks. they got jalen johnson at pick 20 and then got an absolute steal at pick 48 with sharife cooper
U the only person who thinks josh giddey was a good pick lol
this is such a bad video you have 20 players that you said "shouldve gon in the top 5"
Biggest loser Lakers ?
How is Suggs a major steal? He went 5th instead of 4th....that's not considered a steal, unless he pans out to be the best in the draft
Even though bulls had one draft it was a dub in my book and a steal
As a Thunder fan, we were complete losers this draft. Giddey was a horrible pick, would’ve rather had Bouknight, should’ve traded 16&18 to whoever would take it first.
Hawks and Clippers are sleepers winners too
disrespect to sharife smh
Unpopular opinion I don’t think Cade will be as amazing as people think, he’s going to be great but ppl be hyping him up too much
The Thunder did not win. Bouknight should’ve been the pick, Josh Giddey is an oversized Ricky Rubio. The two picks are heavy lottery protected and might not even convey. This was a shitty draft, and as a Thunder fan I hated this draft outside of Tre Mann. Lonzo Ball 0.3 is not what you draft at 6. Grade F-
I’m telling u Barnes is gonna be something special
Terrance mann 🤣🤣🤣
You don’t know shit if you are calling the Raptors losers.
Vlade is one of if not the worst gm ever
I'm a Thunder fan and was mad when we traded Sengun. I had him as a sleeper going into the draft and we need a center. Not happy about that
Barnes aint a loser Magic and OKC wanted him
Yeah mhm. Such a hot take on Barnes 🙄
Hornets went crazy
hawks got a steal in sharife
Vid started out good, ended up to be an L video
U obviously don’t watch the raptors if you assume that Scottie Barnes is a bad pick for this team.
Suggs Fr got over hyped in college. He’s good but I think he should’ve been like 8 or 9
Kings got Queta thats the best W🇵🇹🇵🇹🇵🇹🇵🇹
I'd make a video like this after summer league, you just can't judge guys that haven't played an nba style game yet. You did the same last year with Patrick Williams and he balled out
nobody knows  wait for 1 year and let’s see
Anti-raptors
RICO HINES will unleash the Super Saiyan 3 in Scotty Barnes 🗣
Barnes went to the Raptors because they thought he would be better than Suggs. Duhh.
This is one of the funniest things I've watched in a while, dude is clueless !
Warriors taking Kuminga at 7 was a huge W
Biggest Winer: Golden State Biggest Loser: Knicks
Dude  the raptors made the right choice😒
I agree with you I really like Josh giddy for the thunder People are really upset but they shouldn't be hes gonna be a star
Maybe masai is going to orlando and is why he didnt take suggs so he can have him when he leaves toronto
Scottie Barnes is nice fr he’s buggin on scottie
The Warriors really got another core coming up tho. Kumiga, Moody, Wiseman, Poole
Suggs was not the move. We have Lowry (maybe) vanvleet and Flynn at pg. Trent plays the 2 along with vanvleet at times. We need size and defence. Barnes is that he has the playmaking to be a guard and the defence to be a big. Raptors won
the losers that you have in this video is def questionable...
Hornets won the draft
TRE MANN
The Thunder are making it hard to stay a fan…. We wasted the 6th pick. He shot 30% beyond the arc and is label as unathletic & not a good on ball defender. What does he bring to the table? I would’ve rather took any of the the next 10 picks besides premo.
I think that the Raptors should have taken Suggs they have a great development systems and it would have been interesting to see them pick him. I still think he will have a really great career with the Magic. The Raptors are very good at developing players though so you have to think they really like the potential they see in Barnes. Many people do not like the Kings decision to draft Davion Mitchell but I think he is a very good pickup for them. I don’t know about the guy the Spurs picked but they don’t draft conventionally according to mock drafts I feel like they will be good with who they selected. I love the draft for my Clippers and Hornets. Hawks,Warriors, Magic, Cavaliers, Rockets, of course you can say the Pistons because of Cade, the Wizards, and the Nets are major winners.
Keep on sleeping on Scottie Barnes 😴😴
IN MASAI WE TRUST
Suggs had a mental breakdown at the Raptors pre-draft workout. Couldn’t handle the pressure
Basically if a team doesn’t pick who was on the mock draft you’re a loser to this youtuber 😭😭
U can’t say anything until next szn I reckon
For the Kings, this will either be a huge win, or a bust. Buddy is good as traded as soon as possible, so they were thinking about the future here.
Rockets won the draft second is the clippers but I think grizzlies did a good job selecting Ziaire cause he can really play him and ja will be elite together in a few years
Bro called Tre mann "terance mann" 😵
Bruh your not a gm Masai knows more then you do your a YouTuber bit a GM
"good time to be a hornets fan" the first and only time I'll ever hear that
Did he even talk about the pacers or did I miss it?
Barnes > either Jalen
tryna judge the NBA draft is always a crapshoot. NBA prospects are probably the most unpredictable of any of the 4 major sports. I don't even try to analyze it anymore lol.
As a pacers fan 😩
Thunder had a horrendous draft
The dude who made this video is some kid and has no idea.. LOL ... Scotty Barnes will be better than Suggs and the Raptors didn't need Suggs,  not sure why this dude is coming to the conclusion that Suggs is who they needed?
Rockets got jaygup and jalen green back together so big dub
Did you just say the Thunder drafted Terrance man?
Remind Me to come back in 5 years and see if JimmerRange was right or a total media circlejerker.
Take this shiii down you finna regret all of this🤦‍♂️
It makes perfect sense and it was really smart that’s Ronald picked Barnes because Toronto already has a surplus of guards so why would they add Suggs to the team? As we all know Toronto does not have as many big men as they would want so it’s smart to pick the other big man in the draft. DUH
HORNETS won the entire draft getting Bouknight, Kai Jones, JT Thor, and Scottie Lewis. MJ learned how to draft in 2020
Primo was a reach, but he was in SEVERAL mocks in the 1st round. Usually around the mid-late 20's.
this videos never aged well, but... you need to do it, i got you
This dude don’t know basketball Scottie Barnes a better prospect
Atlanta got a W.. Jalen Johnson and Sharife Cooper
The kings are shopping Buddy Hield so they can clear room for young guys. D Mitchell is the perefect fit
Jalen Suggs will be a bust Scottie will be a star I said it first
Clippers got Keon J, Brandon Boston, and Jason Preston...
I’m Massiah we trust
I'm sorry jimmer but ur new videos and takes suck🤦‍♂️
how do you know who won the draft already?😂🤨
Nah... Barnes is the one. He's gonna be better than Mobley & Suggs next season.
I hate the Celtics rn
It's absolutely hilarious he loves Giddey at 6 because of his upside. And then lands on the Raps for picking Barnes. Barnes has a higher ceiling than Suggs. Suggs is fantastic, but we know who he is and what he can do. The Raptors are known as one of the best, if not the best team at developing Rooks. Why wouldn't you take the guy with the highest ceiling knowing your team is amazing at getting players to hit their absolute potential? It would be a waste of the talent of the organization. The problem with these quick takes is they are hopelessly shallow to the point of making them worthless.
Knicks front office better have a mind blowing plan for the future after this draft because man on man am I confused.
bro how many pgs win championships?? the greatest winning pg of all time are lebron, and magic 🤣🤣 plus the raps have how many gaurds?? its the most sensible pick for them at 4.
The thunder lost out of all
He’s the thing about Memphis they did not pick at 10 the pelicans picked at 10 than the pick was traded.
I think you’re sleeping on the Knicks moves in this draft
This won't age well. Lol
Brooklyn got cam Thomas at 27. That's a huge steal. He just adds more firepower and he will be more open thaN he probably had been in his life
I get it raptors are gonna catch flak for this pick but come with some substance if you're gonna call them loses. Scotty was mocked 5th and line him up with OG Pascal and that's a monster lineup. Suggs is nice but clearly  the gap isn't as big as us fans think between those two if the raptors picked them.
DEnver with bonees is the biggest winner
No way u don't like Sengun. He literally won a Mvp in his only season in a top team
even if the raptors picked an unknown siberian guy, I would call them winners. They have such a perfect scouting and development staff, I wouldn’t care who they picked
The rap fans are salty but truth be told what is the direction of the raps. Siakim lowkey wants out Kyle lowry getting old. Real shit there is no clear cut direction and if y’all WERE going to go in the right direction it would to please siakim since he’s the younger star so drafting Suggs to fit with him in a p&r scheme would have been better 🤷🏾‍♂️
The rap drafted a guard last year and they might just slide Gary Trent to the 2 then run small ball with siakum, OG, and Barnes they drafted a Ben Simmons with a better free throw shot
How Raptors losers?
Raptors are never the losers because we are the best at development. These other trash organizations in the lottery will always be losers no matter who they draft.
Nets - magic - warriors - rockets won the draft!!!!
Jalen Johnson slipped for bs reasons smh
If the Raptors are losers then the Thunder also have to be considered losers as well. Giddy was a reach at 6, he was projected to go late lottery and at most 10 to the Grizzlies.
Still scratching my head about Toronto...........all this talk about Lowry being traded and you don't grab Suggs ?????
U can’t tell who is winner or loser of the draft in another 2-3yrs. U don’t know how will this guys develop their game and unfortunately which one will be injured
Glad they picked Cade and didn’t make another Darko mistake
I trust massai but Scottie Barnes at 4 was a weird choice
Knicks biggest losers
Kuminga was still the top player of his class…he reclassified to joint the dleauge
ATL Hawks got low-key good players😏
As a Spurs fan I got housed last night and died on the inside a little
Hornets were the most slept on team in this draft like James and Kai two steals.
OG, Pascal, Barnes all 6.9' -- 7ft + wingspan  = scary. Raptors made the right decision imo
The 16th pick being a reach will age horribly
#MOTORCADE
Grizzlies totally won the draft to me ziaire is great for them
I'll be coming back to this video when scottie is doing better than suggs next season
The raptors decision to pick Barnes a 6'8" defensive player that can play as a point guard is a big surprise but very excellent. Both toronto and orlando benefitted in that decision. They are both winners no matter what. Its like Ayton over Doncic who is the very accomplished draft pick in 2018.
Knicks are losers for passing on Jared Butler 6 times. He has the talent to be a top 10 player in this draft easily and they passed 6 times. Even Sharife Cooper would have been better than some of the picks they made. They could have had Kai Jones, Quentin Grimes, Duece McBride, and Jared Butler if they made most of the same trades and drafted better (if they liked Grimes and McBride that much I’m fine with them taking them).
Knicks literally gave away Keon Johnson after being lucky to have him at 21 smh
This lame ass video
*THANK GOD REAL SPORTS FANS AND PROFESSIONALS DON'T TAKE YOU OR YOUR CHANNEL SERIOUS*
Your surface view of NYs moves deserves a down vote time will prove that point you turd
Lol dude said the knicks is a L and gave a vague, barely valid reason as to why. They flipped 19 and 21 to gather more assets while addressing areas of concerns for the team’s roster. In addition, the knicks save salary cap by only signing 1 1st rounder so is it really a complete, total L like he makes it out to be??
If you didn't see a single mock with Primo in the first round, you must have not done any research. There were several mock drafts that had him going in the 1st.
Kings are for sure the biggest winner drafting Neemias Queta!! PORTUGAL
Atlanta Hawks not a winner? What a joke.
The grizz also draft a really good upside in Santi Aldama keep an eye on the Spaniard
The Kings are career enders.
Those picks Houston gave up were the worst picks the Rockets owned. It was two picks that most likely wouldn’t have conveyed until 2027-28 so those picks were basically worthless
LETS GOOOO SUGGS TO ORLANDO BABY
Utah Jazz traded down from 30 for 2 second round picks. Then a top 20 pick in Jared Butler fell to them at 40. That’s the real steal of the draft.
Mane the thunder had the chance to draft Jonathan kuminga or Moses moody which are both better than josh giddey
Jimmer let’s go to a hornets game
i feel so bad for kyree walker going undrafted
Cam Thomas is one of the best shot creators in the draft and have a lot of talent out the gate I don’t know how you don’t got the Nets as winners too 💎
Masai and Bobby know what they are doing.
What a shitty shortsighted take on the Raptors
In Masai we trust
I cant believe no one took a chance om jonny juzang mans a bucket
I feel bad for de’Arron Fox.  His team is wasting his talent away.  They have no idea what they are doing
Frans Vagner at 8 is a loss
The Bulls getting Ayo at 38 is an ABSOLUTE STEAL 🥳
Why did the Raptors picked Scottie Barnes? Because Jalen "Suggs".
Sense highschool Scottie Been a better prospect then jalen even in college jalen average 14/4/4 50/33/75 in a weak conference Scottie average 10/4/4 50/27/65 in the acc and didn’t even start you just watch the highlights
4:20 tre mann*
Even if Primo turns out to be an All Star, that pick at 12 by the Spurs would still be moronic.
How tf did you get so many subscribers 😂 you don’t know shit about ball bruh. I’m time stamping this video because I gotta come back and check you when the season starts. Knicks did excellent in this draft got all the players in their board and got an extra first. I’ll be back. But I know why I never subscribed that’s stupid. Quentin Grimes is a baller you gonna eat those words like a hard D. Watch and see  People said the Knicks was losers for picking Immanuel Quickley last year too and I was happy as hell on draft night we got him over Maxey who was overrated.   Good luck rook I guess all you gotta do is have a channel and start talking you don’t have to actually know what your talking about.
Sharif cooper to the hawks bout to be deadly
Sharife Cooper 🤔
My biggest winner is the raptor bc block by Barnes....... WHY JUST WHY
I'm sorry, but Davion is a stud, a DAWG and a fierce competitor. I think the Kings simply grabbed the best player available and will worry about positions later. They need talent! Drafting for positional needs is just stupid, esp when you have a stud who has the "IT" factor to his game, and Davion definitely has that. Plus, they can make some trades now and most likely get rid of Buddy, and or Bagley or both or another guard and free up some cash to resign Holmes too. This is long from a finished product. Love Davion's game!
Watch cade Cunningham be a bust and the pistons look stupid
can´t wait to see Krispyflake´s comment
Reading these comments got me realising that Raptors fans are easily the most sensitive in the league 😂
Say what you want but Joshua Primo is a tuff player trust me I played with him at Huntington Prep. He is a bucket 6’6 point guard and that is a great play maker and scorer. I only wish him the best.
Raps winners kid.
still not sure about okc being winners felt like they could do better imo
2 very very heavily protected picks, all the way until 2027 and then thunder would get a second rounder
The Knicks didn't wanna lock up salary cap space with two first round picks how are they losers
barnes is nice...  but he isnt suggs... i honestly feel will look back at this night with regret.
Hail FSU... Barnes gonna show you different 💪🏾‼️
Mans just salty Barnes didn’t fall to 6 and they had to reach on Giddey who “tore up the NBL” putting up 10ppg
Who got keon Johnson was it the the Clippers or pistons
the kings just didn’t need mitchell when they could have had so many great wings
bruh scottie is a good fit u can't call teams losers yet when they haven't played a game
Sugs has skeletons in his closet
It's been a while since I watched a Jimmer range video as usual awesome content
Orlando picked players with winning mentality hope it translate to the next level
Why does this guy sound like an annoying kid that doesnt know what he's spitting out of his mouth.
You forgot to mention the Pacers. Who drafted a 24 year old with the 13th pick. Who will be old enough that he'll retire if he lasts long enough in the league to get a rookie extension contract. Then traded four 2nds to get another 2nd, which they then traded with Aaron Holiday for a 6'10" player.
I stopped the video when you called Orlando winners….that was a horrible pick
No love for my hawks ? :/
Scotty Barnes is a great pic don't get it twisted
Nothing you said about Barnes makes sense. Toronto loves big wing defenders that can take the ball up the floor. They already have Vanvleet and Flynn who are both solid. If Lowry returns then they're overloaded at the PG spot. Suggs is overkill in that spot. They need length and size to compensate for their small PG options. Barnes is the right pick because you get a ACC Rookie of the year player who is gritty, long and can defend 1-5. He's baically OG with better handles and passing ability. The shot will come.
I'm kind of surprised every YouTuber is looking down on the Raptors pick and the OKC pick you guys are too heavy on suggs
Terrence Mann on the clippers g
Warriors are losers because they went with somebody who can get. Bucket with out dominating the ball
Lol, jimmy really wanted Barnes at 6 huh. We saw what you saw too man, at least you got the slower version josh giddy. We just didn't need Jalen, he just didn't impress even before the reports. Sucks he's on Orlando tho, he gonna have to compete for playing time and show that he's actually better than he was in the final.
Didn’t know Scottie Barnes had so many fanboys wow
I like Ziaire Williams, but this guy wasn't supposed to be a lottery pick, but Pelcians needed more shooting
Cole Anthony, Fultz, Suggs, RJ Hampton,  Michael Carter, too many options for the Magic now.
Spurs have the worse exec in the nba
Raps took a dub
Im really surprise about bouknight and moody falling. I got bouknigt at 6 and moody at 8 then they fall to 11 and 14😂
Tell me how you call the Raptors losers???  Barnes was projected in the 4-6 range.  Yes, Barnes isn't a great shooter, yet Suggs isn't either.  You think Suggs is gonna develop into a better player than Barnes in that organization?  Barnes is in a way better position to grow his skills in Toronto.
i think we can all agree that moody at #14 was the biggest steal of the draft
Barnen give me Patrick Williams vibe, no one got the pick in the first but after the season everyone agreed it was a good pick
Knicks and Tom Thibs is stupid as hell, more Elfrid Payton i guess 🤦🏽‍♂️🤷🏽‍♂️
Pissed at Massai for passingon Suggs. Hope he proves us wrong
Man Scottie gonna prove you wrong. That weak ass thumbnail
u don’t know hoop
The picks are horrible bro they prob won’t even convert y’all are losers in the draft
I will watch this after three years and see how really lost or won
bro you forgot that hawks also got the steal of this draft? sharife cooper
Knicks got some good additions in the second round. I think Miles McBride is a perfect fit there
I don’t understand why the Knicks moved down twice in the draft🤦🏾‍♂️
The Warriors got two dogs. I think Kuminga could be an All Star one day
How are you gonna put Thunder as winners but not the Warriors lmfao
Raptors have way too many guards. By drafting Scottie, it's a good sign that we might keep Lowry. Scottie's upside is his defence -- best perimeter defense in the draft (to combat today 3 pts shooting), and he can guard 1-5 @225lbs & 7"2 wingspan. He's like a bigger version of OG, and just like OG his shooting will improve under Raps coaching staff.  In Masai we trust!
The Kings got Neemias Queta  They’re obviously not losers 😌
Scottie Barnes is the Patrick Williams of the draft. Don't sleep on him
I trust Masai more than these clowns.
Detroit had a very solid draft. Cade was a no brainer but when you consider getting two solid players in Isiah Livers and Luka Garza it was almost a perfect draft. These two players are perfectly suited to come in and understand the roles they are given right away because they are both fundamentally sound.
Don't forget that Hornets picked JT Thor at 37, sky is his limit
God bless everyone
Raptors a loser? Lmfaooooo never trust clowns
Hawks aren't winners?
Stop hating on Scottie you clown he got way more upside than Suggs anyway
SAS are in the mud
As an Australian I was happy to see Josh Giddey approaching the draft and I was excited. But as a Thunder fan as well, I may have become the biggest Josh Giddey fan already
What's really unexplainable is the reluctance of wiz to part ways with beal. They could've gotten both of the warriors' picks, which we now know are both value for their slot. Plus wiseman, plus wiggins for veteran presence. But for some reason, even with russ gone, they opted to keep beal. I mean even the wiz fans were expecting beal to get traded
barnes is the winner
I really feel the Kings are where you put the Warriors in the middle. They drafted a player that can help them where they are struggling, defense. Although polarizing at least it’s a player that we know at least will be decent unlike some of their last decisions under Vlade.
Unpopular opinion, davion Mitchell is gonna do great things in sac.  They chose him because of how complete he was as a player, and they’ve been running a 3 guard lineup so it’s already familiar to the kings.  I think Mitchell has potential to be one of the highest scoring players in the draft, so the kings took a big dub
Wanted sharife cooper at 20 got him at 48 lol hawks winners
If my dream of owning a G-League team comes true, I will interview you to be a part of it.
when Scottie makes da all rookie first team you gon look goofy asl 🤣😭😹😹
I actually think barnes is gonna be an all star
Spurs some bullshit
How can you grade a draft when they haven’t even actually produced anything for their respected teams?… time will tell. 🤫
Doesn't matter if the video ages or not. It's this man's opinion, you dont like it? Make your own videos.  Also, seems like there's a LOT of scouts commenting here or ex NBA HOF players... or so they think..  .... now here's some doritos... get backdoor real jobs.. snacking
Those future picks form Houston will probably turn into 2nd rd picks
You know nothing about the raps squad as most don't smfh. Over the last 8 years including postseason they have more dubs then anybody!!! Last year was rigged they had to play in Florida again all year only reason they weren't a top 4 seed, and the whole team caught covid anyways 🤷
how was it an over pay for 16 with 2 heavy protected picks?
Lol yeah, I hope you keep this video up in 3 years when Barnes is an AllStar and Suggs is still struggling to create off the bounce. The Raptors understand scouting. You clearly don't.
This is a casual take on the Scottie Barnes draft. I'd say Suggs has a better floor, but Barnes might have the bigger ceiling. Especially with the Raptors development system, he's gonna be great
Just cause they don't match up directly with 'projections' doesn't make them losers bruh. There are flops and surprises every year, do your own analysis.
Huge thunder fan doesn’t even know Tre Mann’s name
The talent coming into the league these days is unreal.
2:24      11
Guarantee this guy only watched March madness... all of his opinions copy mainstream media opinions... people shouldn’t make videos like this if they just wanna speculate based on other people’s opinions
How are you gonna say you like Grimes and not even mention Mcbride and call the knicks losers?
Green and Christopher's back on same team
The Grizzlies needed a wing scorer man DIllion when he's off and Ja Morant as a bad shooter limits them more with Steven and Will on the floor
Naaa bro Okc shoulda drafted boukknight he wanted to go there im sick smh Atleast they traded for 2 first rounders tho
10😢
The Magic need to trade Ross so Suggs, Fultz, Cole, and RJ can all play
Gave the Hawks a W and didn't even get to mention getting Sharife Cooper at 48 😳🤧
WHERE does Kuminga fit on this team Forwards: Wiggins (great defensively)               :Draymond (great defensively)               :JuanTosc (good defensively)           :EricPaschall (good defensively)               :Kelly Oubre (+defender)               :Kent Bazemore (+Defender)
bruuuh. scottie my cousin...
adding duarte and jackson to that pacers team 😈
If green play in college no doubt he's the number 1 pick
Man you’re lack of basketball knowledge and bias for your team is unbearable at this point.
You forgot the cavs
I agree with the Magic being a winner getting Suggs but can't disagree more about being a winner getting Wagner at 8 when Jalen Johnson was right there at 8
San Antonio moonshiners!
They picked James bouknight at #11 not #12
Draft Winners by fair: 1. Houston Rockets 2. Detroit Pistons 3. Charlotte Hornets  4. Golden State Warriors 5. Orlando Magic 6. Toronto Raptors  7. Atlanta Hawks 8. LA Clippers 9. Memphis Grizzlies 10. Chicago Bulls
I struggle with glowing assessments of scoring guards like Suggs and Bouknight that doesn't address their mediocre at best 3 point shooting.  How are you going to be an imact guard in the NBA with 30-33% 3 point shooting?  My biggest issue with Suggs was that all of his lottery comparables that ended up successful in the NBA were lights out shooters in college, when Suggs wasn't.  That's a lot of improvement necessary for him to catch up.  I don't think Scottie Barnes has massive upside beyond being maybe the "athletic Draymond" he's been called pre draft, but the floor is high.  Without big improvement in his outside shooting, Suggs has a back of the rotation floor and not much of a ceiling either
Thunder def wasn’t a winner 😂
They haven’t even stepped foot into the summer league yet 💀😭
To group the kings in with San Antonio as losers isn’t right . Davion isn’t a slam dunk pick but it isn’t bad like the San Antonio pick
How did the Spurs stuff it up this bad I’m so pissed
As An OKC fan we're lossers not because of giddey but because OKC traded Sengun We need a Center.
Sharife roty
The biggest steal will be Luka Garza that the Pistons got at 57.
Believe me, the Raptors know how defense in the modern NBA works. They have already proven they can coach up shooting skills on multiple high level players but nobody can coach wing span. Defense is a mentality and lots of guys just don't have it. You're stuck in that score score score mentality like so many. The best defensive team in the playoffs won the chip...that happens more years than not. You might want to rethink your value system...or not.
Scottie Barnes was good enough for the Cavs to consider him at 3. You’re insane if you think the Raptors are losers. I wanted him in Orlando SO badly. However, Jalen Suggs was my choice for Orlando a year ago, but that was before Cole Anthony panned out and before they had RJ Hampton. Now they have too many guards, unless they’re trying to run ultra small ball lineups at some points. Same with the Raptors.   We could see stretches of: 1. Suggs 2. Fultz 3. Hampton  4. Okeke 5. Isaac   And  1. Lowry/Flynn 2. VanVleet 3. Anunoby 4. Barnes 5. Siakam
Stop smoking crack bro, barnes is a versatile wing with a high ceiling that can guard 1-4. Trust Ujiri.
barnes>luggs
"Terence Mann”
Barnes is developing still the raptors are the best developmental team in the nba Scottie is a 6’9 point forward who can play literally 1-4 positions he has kawhi Leonard hands for gods sake great defender and he will turn into a scoring Ben Simmons
We won this draft easily, H-Town 🚀
Rockets will regret not getting Mobley, J. Green will be a Bust, Barnes at 4 was a Great pick!!! Warriors messed up, should've drafted Boukknight from Uconn at 7!!! Giddey a great pick at 6, he's Ben Simmons with a Jump shot!!! Teams will also regret passing on Cam Thomas!!!
So many surprising picks
How can you say who the losers are without even seeing them play a minute in the nba 😂
As a hornets fan hell yeah
I got the hornets as winners. They get a good scorer in james bouknight and two good young bigs to pair with lamelo in kai jones and jt thor
Whoever the Raptors chose will turn into Allstar / Superstar. If it was Barnes or Sugg. I'm happy with this pick for the Raptors.
Alperin Seguin is the steal of the draft, Houston is looking bright
Wasn't Jimmer high asf on Barnes 2 weeks ago? Or did he plagiarise that opinion too?
Big L!
I'm sure you know more than the Raptors organization. Also why are so many people acting like they reached?  Barnes was always going in the 4-6 range lol
the warriors drafting kuminga and still getting moody reminds me of the browns getting new some and still getting JOK
Rockets literally drafted the Turkish Jokic in Sengun. Why would the nba allow the Rockets to rob the draft like this. Nba must be rigged. Okc really gave the Rockets a superstar for free smh.
I don’t get how raptors are losers. Barnes has a higher upside and Masai is never wrong. Wait a couple years and this pick will look like a steal
Is there anyone with an original opinion instead of retreading ESPN garbage?  Suggs was good because he was on a good team.  How will he do on a horrible Orlando team with no development program.  Guarantee you Barnes will be better then Suggs.
When davion Mitchell get drafted, I didn’t really know what to think, I’m like, the kings already have 3 really good guards, like what, was kinda hoping they would take the Turkish guy🤷‍♂️
Bouknight gonna end up like Haliburton who fell later into the draft but will have great numbers and will have a case for ROY
Raptors never lose in the draft. What the hell is this take?
Kings should have drafted jalen Johnson or the Thunder should have drafted him instead of tre mann. Also,the Thunder should have traded up to get suggs. This draft was weird ,lots of people went too high and some went too low.
This dude really said the heavily protected Wizards and Pistons picks that the Rockets gave OKC for pick 16 was an insane return lmao. Presti gave up the 16th pick for two future seconds. Any way you spin it, it's an L. Especially when the guy that gets selected with the pick is the Turkish league MVP.
Nah the knicks are def not losers bro u tripping
terrance mann ?
L video
Dude, Rockets gave the Wizards and Pistons picks for Sengun. Those picks are so heavily protect, likely never will convey.
My Pacers drafted... ok...
Goooo Rockets🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 Rafael Stone is a genius.
Do you do hockey takes? I suggest you to switch sports since you don't know NBA.
This is wild, Raptors have proven to develop players like him perfectly,
4:20 hol up🤨
How are the Knicks not winners?  Got 34 & 36 out of just 32. They also got 3-D guys and a draft and stash guy
I gotta say the thunder are absolutely not winners, to pass on bouknight was horrible, in terms of the trade they got the pistons pick which is heavily protected till 2026 then the wizards pick which is more of the same. Plus Mann really isn’t moving the needle. Should have went Kai Jones there with no centers on the roster
Jazz are huge winners
just because you get FRPs doesn’t make it a good trade lol. those picks have big protections on them, from DET & WAS. thunder aren’t gonna see those picks til maybe 2025 hahaha. they’re best used as currency, if you can find a team dumb enough to take them (s/o to Stone for doing that). OKC can’t afford to be turning away players like Şengün for more FRPs (unless they’ve realized this rebuild is gonna be A LOT longer than before)
The nba are winners for drafting Terrence Clark
Masai is smart he wouldn’t pick him if he’s bad
Barnes will be a thousand times better than Suggs will ever be in 4 years
I stg people are sleeping on Scottie I understand the fact that Suggs is a winning player and brings solid defence, but Scottie is a better defensively, can put the ball on the floor at his size, and has way higher potential. Not to mention he fits the raps system to a T and handing FVV the keys to the Point, IS A GOOD THING y’all are dumb
If there is any front office that I would trust the most, it’s the raptors’
Rockets won the draft bihh
Me as a kings fan 🤦🏼
I like most of your videos, but you have no way of knowing who the losers of the draft without seeing them play in an NBA setting. You're clearly just putting a video out to capitalize on the draft hype. The entire concept of this video doesn't work
too early to say who won or lost, every player has flaws and can be a bust.  in terms of the surprise pick at 4, raptors had enough small forward/guard type 6'3 players, so they worked out barnes and believed they can improve his shot, so they took the athletic 6'9/ 7'3 wingspan barnes at 4 over suggs. The raptors have a good developement program so the odds are barnes turns into a minimum good shooter.  And with that size and wingspan he can guard anyone.
I wonder why the Cavs got skipped 🤣
I don't understand why some hawks fans are feel pissed when travis drafted Jalen Johnson??
Imagine giving a L to the Raptors lol
Knicks fan and we were losers by a mile
There are 3 organization in the league that I never question their decision with young talents. Those teams are OKC, Raptors and Spurs. And their decisions this year are questionable. They definitely know sth we don’t. They have shown how smart they are but there is a chance that this time they are trying to be too smart
The magic getting a w is everything right now
Thunder were not winners they let the warriors get Johnathan kuminga who was the better player imo
No Mac McClung, Duane Washington? Matthew Hurt, Charles Bassey, Julian Champaign and David Duke?
This video is crap as usual US bs
You’ll regret making this video , come back in 2 years trusttt
I ain't even watching your shitty video.. but based on the thumbnail you think the raptors are losers in this draft.. lol masai ujiri is the best in the business and scottie is going to prove yall wrong 😂
As a thunder fan,I’m sad cause I wanted kuminga,Keon,and Jalen Johnson We literally didn’t get any of them
Callin Tre mann a dude from Florida st :/
Thunder took a big L
Outside of the protections the Knicks got on that future Hornets' first and the draft and stash at #34 how are we losers lol we got a 3 and D high floor guy in Quentin Grimes at #25, a STEAL at #36 who's a defensive shot creator/maker with Miles McBride, and diamond in the rough rim-runner Mitchell Robinson insurace Jericho Sims at #58, 3 quality guys and we get a (heavily protected) future first, and detroit 2nd rounder, and who is to say that future first isn't part of a bigger package down the road? While I think we were a bit frugal at #19, I truly can't see how we could be considered "losers" of the draft...
How you gonna staple a giant “losers” over Scottie Barnes and talk about the pick for 20 seconds
Happy for my Cavs!!! Mobley and Allen, that young core!!!! Winners for me 🤩🤩
Again a youtuber that does know nothing properly never play ball in his life
Raptors are winners 🏆
Why is no one talking about the clippers
Popovic bouta make primo a star
I like primo you mess up
OKC fan here: Thunder might end up regretting that Giddy pick. Yeah he passed the ball well in the NBL but he shot terrible especially from 3, he can’t score, and he was a liability on defense. I dont see the upside in this guy   His entire scouting report is negative, the only good things noted about him is his height and passing. That’s not 6th pick worthy. Just my take
Worst Spurs (wtf), Raptors, Thunder - Best Rockets, Pistons (Troy Masterclass Weaver)
Tre Mann not Terrance
The hawks also got sharife cooper in the second round
Its tre man put some respect on my boys name
Franz was easily the worst pick in the draft. Kid gonna be a bust fosho
Suggs won just off not playing in Toronto and can play in Orlando
You trippin I’m not surprised my boy Scotty was picked 4th I’ve played with him and have seen his dominance in games. He is unstoppable when he’s going downhill and his defense is unbelievable.
Nuggets once again, STEAL THE DRAFT
Could yall youtubers stop putting Detroit as a winner yall just wasting our time ✋🗣
WE TRUST IN MASAI'S MASTER PLAN! HE COOKING THAT GOOD GOOD CHEMISTRY.
Barnes needs a year maybe 2 but I think he is the better a better all around player! Primo looks 14 at best.
I like Giddey a lot and he definitely has a lot of upside, but I just don’t know how you can necessarily walk away from the draft and see the Thunder as winners. I think trading Sengun may come back to haunt them
I think the jazz are winners. Getting Jared butler at 40 is a steal.
Alperen srngum was well worth it even though I wanted dayron
You've got to change ur knicks take, we got Miles Mcbride and a Euroleage Stud
Rockets won overall I can't decide who lost worst Toronto or thunder might be Toronto
This man didn’t say the hawks won the draft even though they got the steal of the draft 😂😂
Raptors asked the question "who has the biggest impact to slow Giannis?" that is Scottie Barnes not Suggs.. Raptors are clogging the paint which they did in 2019 to end the Bucks.. Masai knows what he is doing.. everyone too stuck on draft "rankings".. in masai we trust
Crazy that knicks couldve gotten jalen johnson at 19, keon at 21 and then grimes, itll make them an absolute winner imo, but they decided to trade 19 and 21
The biggest loser of tonight the SA Spurs
Pacers?
I think the Winners were the Magics (Suggs), Pistons (Due to a lot of picks and decent ones at that, (Houston had some decent picks that they traded for and overall had decent pickups), Warriors (Kuminga at 7 and Moody at 14), Hawks (Jalen Johnson and Sharife Cooper)  EDIT: Forgot about the Hornets with Bouknight at 11
Raptors like guys that have defensive smarts and grit.
We Raptors Fans Don't Care About Jalen Suggs Dude Is Trash And Overhyped
Sharife Cooper fell to 48 that's gotta be considered a steal
Lamelo Ball and Josh Giddey are the best 18yr Olds in NBL history by a long way. RJ Hampton he was ok but probably like the 10th best 18yr old in NBL history. Joe Ingles was good 18yr old in the NBL he'd be about the 5th best maybe. Andrew Gaze would be up there. Nearly Most points in Olympics history up there with Brazil's Oscar Schmidt.
I think the rockets will be scary in a few years, this Sengun is a steal at 16
No one expecting kuminga fall at 7. That's steal!!
Hawks got Jalen Johnson at #20 and Shariffe Cooper at #48....Win..
Lol
Holdup Florida’s Terrence Mann?
I’m still not convinced that Guiddey was the move for OKC. I don’t see them as winners
You’re very wrong about the raptors my guy
Sharife Cooper was the steal of the draft by the Hawks at 48!
Orlando and Hornets are major winners
Thumbnail wack as f#@k you don't know wtf your talking about Suggs is overrated.  Defense wins championship and Scottie work ethic is next level Raptors will turn him into a monster . Maybe you should start making videos after puberty 🤔.
As a Magic fan I'm thrilled with what we did no complaints here
chill. its a wait-and-see game.  im just excited for the next season.
I LOVE the dudes the Warriors got with where they were drafting.
Barnes will be a superstar
Suggs is better now but Barnes has a better ceiling.
R.I.P. Terrance Clarke
His name is Tre Mann not Terrance Mann.
Can anyone tell me why Joel Ayayi is undrafted?
Kings pick was a W Can’t believe Mitchell was there at 9
Aye hawks got Johnson but they also got sharife Cooper at 48… I think we stole this draft
Raptors were losers.  Suggs >> Barnes and their #46 pick was wasted
As a Spurs fan, I'm really upset about the pick. I hope Pop really sees something in Primo
The cavs?
Warriors & Rockets Won ✅ Spurs & Raptors took a L ❌
The Thunder have disappointed me so much, sickening...
This draft has a feeling of something big to me
You have the Raptors as losers because they chose someone  that you didn't predicted????
Bro this video trash
Thunder have 6 or 7 point guards we need to make some trades ASAP
Tre Mann* not Terrance Mann
davion mitchell was bpa you can’t be a loser if you pick bpa
The Raptors could have drafted Jalen Suggs, Sharife Cooper and BJ Boston.  They literally passed on this.
Actually it just now wrapped up lol. From 7pm to 1am I've been at this draft shit. Now I gotta watch like 30 videos.
Thunder fan here. Thunder were not winners the 16th pick trade was terrible. Also calls tre Mann Terrence mann. Smh dude
In stone we trust 🚀🚀🚀🚀
2 biggest winners are Charlotte and jazz. Charlotte got bouknight at 11, jazz go Jared butler at 40.
Considering Scottie Barnes an L shows that defense versatility and energy are so under rated. And the Raptors are clogged in the guard position they needed size.
I think Golden State Warriors was actually a big winner to me. Kuminga can become a talented star, and Moody is a scorer
Josh Giddey is underrated. He is the best playmaker / passer in the draft class
*tre mann
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
TOM BYSTANDER 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
I will still root for the Thunder but my love is waning. This draft did nothing to instill confidence that the Thunder will get better in the near future. At my age 69 I pray to God that I can see another Thunder winning season. I fear unless Presti is gone soon I will never see that. Utterly reprehensible draft. Got one from Turkey and the rest of them seem to be turkeys.
Can’t believe cooper fell that late
I WANT TO SEE TOM BYSTANDER THUNDER UP 🤡😂
You know the rockets traded a pistons pick that’s top 16 protected till 2027 where itll convey to 2 seconds. The other pick is a lottery protected wizards pick that will convey to nothing. The Thunder made horrible decisions lmfao 💀
Warriors won the draft easy, Kuminga was supposed to go top 5 and Moody was supposed to go top 10 and they both fell
That loser on Scottie’s face is cheap
Bro u don't know basketball, the Raptors habe the best developmental team in the NBA. Say that in a few years
For a team like the raptors who almost never can land a free agent because of their location, taking Barnes was definitely the right decision because he has extremely high potential and can be a franchise player, however I also see what everyone else is saying as he could not develop like I’m imagining but getting suggs and being in a spot where we’re winning too much for the lottery but losing in the first round sounds much worse then betting on a great player like Scottie Barnes who has high potential
I was upset at first, but I’ve got faith in the raptors front office.
The Raptors plan to retain Gary Trent Jr so I can understand why they opted for Scottie Barnes' upside.
Primo is the steal of the draft !! In a couple of  years he'll be a starter. Give him some time to develop. The Spurs will bring out the best in him.
No way to know who are the winners and losers until we see them a couple years down the road.
Barnes can play almost every position
Giddy ...🤣🤣🤣🤣  okc just doesn't want to win. They were biggest losers in the top 10
People sleeping josh giddy his gonna turn heads
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
L
What a casual
Raptors made the right pick- wolves fan
I still can’t believe it bro 😭😊
THUNDER WINNERS 🤡   Traded a Turkish mvp for prob 2 second round picks and drafted a guy that was projected to be 10 -14
"you don't think about it and you take him"  worst way to draft.
Casual…..
The magic have way too many guards, they have to let one of them go....
You’re a goof ball you said you weren’t bias about the thunder but made the raptors the first loser cause they took Scottie Barnes off the board before okc could select him .
Cavs got the best player and the best young core
YOU DIDNT LIKE THE ROCKETS TO TRADE FOR. THE 16 pick Cauz THEY LITERALLY ROB SAM PRESTI
You really gonna put Scottie Barnes up there with "Loser" plastered over his face? Cmon man thats just rude
thoughts on the pacers' two first round selections?
Reason why suggs didn't get selected at 4th was because he looked horrible in workouts, its always a w when you select a lockdown defensive player
you cant say who won when none of them played lmao
sengun is a great pick up, as a thunder fan I'm actually kind of disappointed we traded that pick away
raptors are clearly winners, barnes has always been one for the top prospects on my board for reasons that scouts look past. A lot of teams will regret passing on him, it’s obvious where the nba is headed and passing on barnes versatility is a mistake
Masai bout to prove all the American media wrong again.
Mark my words this video will not age well
Terrance Mann is on the clippers dawg. Put some respect on step back Tre
hot take but scottie will be in the Roty race with cade and green.
Only casuals say the raptors are losers.
Keep doubting Scottie Barnes, lets see you'll eat all those words for sure
Bro Raps didn't lose😂 we already have Kyle fvv Malachi Flynn and gtj in the backcourt... Suggs is not the move. And the magic definitely should've went for kuminga since they got lots of gaurds already, not one of you most accurate vids to date...
SEGUN  FOR PROB 2 second rounders
BRO YOU SO BIAS THUNDER LOST 🤡
trading that 16th pick is gonna come back to bite OKC, this draft is very deep and Sengun is an insane steal for the Rockets
this vid gon look goofy on u in a few years.. raptors have the best development team bro. Theres something they saw in barnes, they wouldnt make a dumbass move and pick someone who wouldnt regress later on. You’ll see..
Rockets 2 first round picks  were from the Westbrook and Robert Covington trade.. Both are heavily protected.. For them to flip that for Alperen Sengun and Usman Garuba is incredible
You biased thunder fan. Josh Giddey should have been 10-14
OKC drafting Josh Giddey was effing weird.
Losers. Warriors
Raptors aren’t losers in this draft. Trust me
i honestly woulda rather had kuminga or bouknight, but i don’t know much abt giddey so i won’t judge it too hard yet
this wont age well ill come back to this comment
We  aint never gonna hear from  Suggs again. RIP
Bro thunder are not winners
The Cleveland Cavaliers got the best player in the draft! This dude as crazy upside potential. I can’t wait to see him dawn the Wine& Gold!😤💪🏿💪🏿
Go Magic!!  Suggs is gonna be great!
Lamelo Bouknight boutta be the next steph and klay
Bro RAPTORS SHOULDA TRADED DOWN IF THEY WANTED BARNES
Kuminga reminds me of Isaac Okoro
Raptors really surprised us with that pick
Rockets won, green has the same superstar potential as cade, the picks they traded for sengun were both heavily protected and they weren’t likely to get them, usman is a top 3 defender in the class, and will help fill out depth at the forwards, and josh Christopher will likely end up as a good 6 man, and instantly helps put green in an even more comfortable environment since he was his high school teammate and best friend.
If he puts the Warriors as losers. I will unfollow. But not only his opinion is wrong but is also shit.
Not as many trades as wanted.. okc was crazy my fellow thunder
Officially not a thunder fan bruh
It’s tre Mann
Rockets won easily, gave up two heavily protected 1st that are most likely never to convey for a 19 year Turkish MVP… don’t sleep on the Rockets man. It’s gonna be a fun squad to watch.
Bro the picks were lottery protected from the pistons and wizards that’s a fat w L for okc pick hungry
Go Warriors
I agree with you for the most part, warriors won bigger than people think imo. Think Brooklyn w sharpe and Thomas, and bulls getting Ayo were both good moves
I mean the draft isn’t even over yet
Only my dumbass raps would miss out on Suggs we don’t need Scottie we got og and pascal
LETS GOOOO MAGIC 💫 JALEN SUGGS 🎩💫
Giddey over Kuminga could look really dumb in a couple years
My winners are rockets with green and sengun setting there frontcourt, the magic getting suggs at 5, hornets getting a 3 level scorer and a lob threat next to Lamelo, and the clippers getting keon Johnson at 21   Knicks spurs are big losers
Who took Ayo Dosunmu in the draft
I don’t like the tre man pick jimmer
The draft is still going on
How
Bro the Raptors weren’t losers
Was the kings pick good
Hornets fans been waiting for this typa draft forever. I’m hornets fans
Okc lost
barnes is better than suggs 100%
This didn’t even come close to what I expected but I liked the randomness of this draft though
The Rockets got multiple good selections. I think their future is really bright and will probably be in the playoff race in the near future.
The Warriors were definitely the winners of this draft getting two great players but they will probably be traded to get a superstar also I make videos as well
The raptors fans I’m sorry 😢
Hornets are big winner IMO, James was a big steal and Kai Jones hopefully will be like another MB or better, I just hope we can get a defensive minded big
In Masai we trust
Barnes reminds me of a better Patrick Willaims
Hi Jimmer
Wizards shoulda got Tre Mann at 15
Spurs is the biggest loser in this draft by far
first
Never been this early
Who ever gets sharife is a winner
Was good I’m first and I already know this vid gonna be 🔥
draft still on bro
first
Rockets won the the draft easy, the second were the warriors, third hornets
first
First
