The Season of Defiance Weapons look DOPE! 👀  → USE CODE "KHD" AND SAVE WITH ADVANCED.GG: https://advanced.gg/khd  Join the Discord ► https://discord.gg/pzDWPuEtas More Destiny 2 Videos ► https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlNJ2PqJdcZ3mOMjFXGBRvoC1KF_Klp7X
I wonder if they will do a final shape early access, one can dream.
I’m just gonna say this I really hope stacks on stacks is just as strong as what it was when it first came out
I'm scared honestly because tto looks like we're about to go back to the dark days of being weak and our opponents only getting stronger We're losing our favorite exotics I don't know if I'm so excited for lightfall.Too many things are about to change in such a short time. These are my impressions of the general changes heard recently. Don't attack me because I have an opinion that doesn't agree with yours please
ayo kackis Nimbus actually uses they/them pronouns to my knowledge. Sick as fuck to see a nonbinary character in one of my fav games
In faaaact
I just realized: Neomuna gives off strong New Mombassa (from Halo: ODST) vibes. I like it.
The arcade looked like CODs
neomuna cityscape looks like metropolis from Halo. Good nod from Bungie!
Nice
It's your "identify as boy" krackis
strandcannon
19:07 it literally has the volatile icon within the icon of the perk
if the game forces you to do a raid to rank up that will be shocking as those raids require you to gather a team prior to doing it or have no life and do it solo
those lightfall weapons look garbage.....minus the exotic
OMG HE CALLED NIMBUS 'HE' CANCEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! but yea I think nimbus is a they
13:08 particular deconstruction😢😢
Titan walk for Neomona to run 😤
dude only 1 day left and i genuinely cant wait
i really wanna return to my cayde-6 inspired roots with strand, running a strand handcannon with the subclass. hopefully it has high AE so i can use it with the grapple effectively
I wish I could buy this.
Nimbus goes by they/them pronouns btw, just lettin ya know.
Looking forward for mobility I hope it is useful
Nano tech tracer rounds make me happy....if it what we think it is.
I hope a guardian rank requirement isn’t a raid, solo players cannot achieve that rank which can be controversial:/
We got a hint at nano tech tracer rockets in the TWAB, on an artifact mod. I’m excited to see that perk :)
Love this video! Nimbus is not a ‘he’ though. Nimbus is a ‘they’. 😊
I wish they went back to how enemies would have control of certain planets, like the cabal with Mars, vex with Venus and hive with moon. It's so dumb having everything everywhere
I wish they went back to how enemies would have control of certain planets, like the cabal with Mars, vex with Venus and hive with moon. It's so dumb having everything everywhere
And still no LFG. I want some of my preorder money back.
so they will finally come back with the planet social areas, in destiny 1 most expansions had its own social area if Neomuna has its own also it will be cool
I swear to god day one lfg posts are going to be "guardian rank 11 only must have 50 clears will be checking raidreport"
So an artifact ystem, seasonal level system, guardian rank system and gear power system! That's too much. The grind will be atrocious.
I REALLY hope enemy density is solid for a space like Neomuna one of the things that somewhat lacked on Europa.
i love new planets with DLC when Lost Sectors are tough as hell when your under-powered!!
"Special access to content creators" ... You know every time a content creator says something's broken or "get on this right before Bungie fixes it!" I always feel like those videos are paid for/ secretly sponsored by Bungie. Like when player participant is down, bungee contacts content creators and they just come up with with something to "break". Then content creators are like okay yes sir bungee, video comes out and the address us "hey guys, so secret, this is broken so get online right now... (because matchmaking taking forever) kind of crap. I mean bungee could just officially make this video here themselves. I really running out of money? I don't think so. I mean it must have a bunch for in-house video content creators. I'm sure they're paying the content creators something YouTube Revenue. I want to know how much you guys are getting paid by Bungie to make these hack, cheat codes, let get one up on Bungie kinda of videos? .
3:30 can't believe that kackis misindentified Nimbus this makes me so upset, unsubscribing, can't believe youd do that. Don't you know their nonbinary and you should never gender someone who wants to be indentified as nonbinary. I'm actually straight myself but I'm going to get upset on behalf of the community I'm not even a part of and rant and rage about how uncultured you are. You called THEM a HE and that's completely unacceptable. Shame on you Kackis. You're getting cancelled, cancelled I say!  (This is a joke: don't be so sensitive)
Can’t wait to see people say “kwtd have mods be rank 10”
The new mod system looks trash honestly
But what light level is everyone starting at and what’s going to be the soft cap?
So everything is based on orbs of power, I hope orbs of power have more ways to create them more frequently.
Titan is now Naruto running.. fuck
pease have bombadiers suspend.
That arcade LS should have been a strike something cool to revisit on a regular
God i hate mods
Its crazy how theres just 0 PvP footage for Strand. Idk how Bungie still has a PvP player base. Like i know they lost a good amount of PvP players this last year but im amazed they have any left what so ever cuz not only do they treat their skilled dedicated players like shit but my god they just do not give a single f about PvP.
I’m so confused it’s called Lightfall and yet it’s the most vibrant DLC we have ever had haha
hearing Kackis not know how to pronounce "ostinato" was fantastic lmao
Yay we get to fight the cabal.....AGAIN!!!! Because why add a new darkness race of enemies with new abilities and are actually intimidating. And before someone says this is darkness enemies because they have power from the witness, no they're just reskinned cabal with abilities. Add something new bungie.
Permanent enemy over leveling? Gos, no.
Mr.Nimbus??! How much of Neomuna landmass is water? Oh boy oh man
Hello, I'd like to ask a question please, will I lose new exotics to claim if I don't buy annual pass?? Am I gonna be able to get the new exotics?? If I buy it I'm going to get it as soon as the expansion launches, right?? And lost sectors, do they count as dungeons so I'll lose them?? Or am I going not to be able to play them?? I mean any video about what I lose if I don't buy the lightfall annual pass?? And/or some suggestions??  PLEASE???????
I’m so glad the EDZ matters again😂
They release like 30+ new armor mods every season.
OH BOY ANOTHER SEASON WITH THE QUEEN😴😴😴
I'm not a fan of Commandments the only reason is that it is tied to your Guardian rank and from what I have heard you only get them through Raids and Dungeons. The Dungeons might not be bad for them but people tend to leave straight away when they get their loot and well Raids, raids for me won't be happening any time soon considering the people I know don't play the game no more. I do like everything else but to get higher Guardian ranks you have to get commandments.
My biggest question is if you're like... Rank 2 and you've done a lot of the new expansion/new season. Does it increase your rank even if you don't meet the requirements for Rank 3? Assuming they're not linked in the sense of you need 20 exp (like 1 or 2 per task/triumph) for the next rank... and if that's the case, would you possibly lose access to mods if you go from like... Rank 8 (4 overall, 4 from the season) to rank 4 at the beginning of a new season? Many questions, a little confused on how they're gonna implement it.
is it just me or does that big area give anyone else high on life vibes?
Nothing new.
“Nimbus, he..” *cough* Nimbus is a They/Them. Please mind your pronouns because it might offend some people, however it has not offended me. Keep up the great work!
I know this video finna be at 2x when the mod screen comes out.
4:15   That warlock set giving me some heavy priest/monk vibes and I neeeeeed it
Does anybody know what chronologically should/would happen first? Defiance storyline or go straight to lightfall?
I don't know, destiny is starting to be $1,000 game It cost about $70 every year 🤦🏾‍♂️
They added a god damn zweihänder
this is all sounding good, tho i was waiting for they finally changed the light levels, so you don't have to grind it every season.. i really hope they change that
We need sparrow racing back, Yea I understand we have a whole new expansion, but if we're tire of dying, we can always still keep on playing the game by racing.
Guardian Ranks the soon new Elitist flex.
18:38 is pronounced oss-tin-AH-toe. It's a musical term (like a few of the other new weapons) referring to a continually repeated phrase of rhythm. So a "Basso Ostinato" is a repeating figure at the bottom of a texture (in the bass).
Basically titan meets Europa?
these level changes are making the game elitist
there no new combatans, eco bungie, recycling ennemies ... dlc after dlc, season after season, it's vegan friendly and gluten-free...
Nice to see that the Neomuna weapons are just the Moon weapons but without all the ropes and jewellery
Mark my words. This game will not function when they first introduce the load out system.
Oh god... Shows a clip of 3 sparrows like they're racing and says, "...let's talk about the other big feature coming to Lightfall..." Immediately think to myself, oh wtf did I miss something about SRL!?  I'll keep hoping.
Thanks for the Great work!
But I thought warming cells are getting deprecated
Thanks kackisHD
Give me no land beyond or go back to church, heathen.
Mark my words the new raid is going to be on earth probably the EDZ because if you read the raid description they gave us it says we gotta confront an ancient threat (growing at our doorstep) some say they hinted the raid in the latest trailer for lightfall when they showed 6 guardians at the end but that was in neomuna and neptune is nowhere near our doorstep
Reminds me of the time in Destiny 1, "You know that mountain over there? You can go there." Well with Strand, I can go anywhere now xD
The fact that the loadouts can't put the stuff you just pulled out of the vault back into it is definitely going to hinder its use very hard.
I was hopeful for a reprised and craftable Wolftone Draw, but if that Bow in the Kinetic slot is Stasis and craftable I will forgive it :D
How do the enemies have strand shields if we are the only ones to have discovered it?
°Nimbus is a "They", not "He" =)
Envious assassin sounds like something like gaining ammo when an ally gets kills
22:10     🎉YIPPIEEE! 🎉
I am too fricking hyped for this
They need to create a new type of patrol zone. These layouts that lead to no where interesting with no reason to explore are getting real boring and stale. Everyone is hyped for this but they'll get bored of it all the same. Like every other map in the game
Mods are probs going to break the game, as you can slot multiple armor charge mods on 1 armor piece. I also see, basically, that there is kinetic font of might which will literally make izanagis hit even harder.
22:35 BIG SPOILER WARNING             The set on the far right is the hunter raid armor set, it was showcased in the little raid teaser at the end of the vidoc.
Oh btw, Nimbus is non-binary so assume they/them pronouns
Hopefully the servers will work
Pls don't get rid of powerful freinds mod or make it stupid
10:23 bro said a dps build in strikes almost every strike boss in this game died before it even spawns Bungie really needs to make strikes a bit harder
Oh yass, Escalation Protocol 2.0! Escalation Protocol was the funniest thing to do, when it came. With friends and solo, it brought people together. Mainly to farm broken trenchbarrel ikelos shotty lol.
Nimbus is a GUY???... Wtf? 😬
"In this video, I'm going to divulge as much information as I can" AKA, I'll be reading directly from the bungo marketing script / press kit.
21:16 min there's a stasis wave frame gl
Destiny 3 is what this looks like
I hope you recommend an ornament for Starfire protocol🤞
im not gonna be the one being tormented in lightfall, BECAUSE IM THE ONE WHO TORMENTS! *AND IM GOING TO QUITE LITERALLY GO "SQUARE UP YA BIG UGLY NERD"!*
Devrim actually using his gun is actually so wholesome 😂
I wonder what will the 3rd dark subclass be
I beg that Bungie doesn't destroy shatter skating when lightfall drops
The roombas are on Neptune!!!
Ain't no way that hunter is using Apex Predator. Surely that means Last Wish is getting the deep stone treatment
3:29 *they
Did b7ngie just say there's an enemy that's a bullet sponge? NO WAY....
You can tell they are much more prepared with strand then they were with stasis. Good on you Bungie you learned from your mistakes
I think that this planet deserves the nickname "esoterikks playground"
I’m Really hoping that strand subclasses will get a 3rd aspect each
6 people public event LOL yeah how well those have worked in the past.
Hype train never stops. I think I miss Destiny 1 vibes. Most of Destiny 2 do not differs from D1, generally speaking, gameplay is the same mundane grind. Suprise, suprise, wow effect of the The Taken King, Bungie never meet that meta.
Mods sound shite, no ones arsed 😴
I’m hopeful that we’ll get more subclass synergy perks. Ex Incandescent, volt shot etc. Maybe something involving slow for stasis or the restoration/radiant effects for solar. If we get devour perks on weapons I wouldn’t need to worry about always running a weapon on my titan or hunter with explosive light to pick up orbs at any time. The game seems to be going in a good direction in my opinion. Will just have to wait and play it through to see
So glad they're getting rid of the energy mods. It was very annoying wasting upgrade modules switching that out
💩,game is dead
Hey Rick, just wanted to let ya know Nimbus is nb so they have they/them pronouns. Not mad because you probably didn't realize it but yea.
Kackis, with all due respect (and I think I've commented this before): your vocal cadence pisses me off so much. It makes you sound like you don't know what you're talking about but also you're talking down to me? Idk, it just makes me angry. I'm typing this to relieve that anger. I apologize. But also shut up.
Is it just me or does the armor for Season of Defiance look like StarCraft Protoss?
This was the most clickbait I've seen from a destiny youtuber XD
I still just want to see a great axe as a Titan main. Exotic or legendary, doesn’t matter; just the idea of being able to go full barbarian on things with an axe sounds like a blast.
Whatever after month i got boring like in witch queen, they give new dlc i hyped playing much after month must do the same things for rest 11 months grind season when go top than reset season 2 and again again again every f..... week new pinneacle ehhh.
Imagine a SMG with hatchling
Wait so people who preorder get early access right?
So 1800 is the new 1600 power level?
I WANT STRAND MOUNITAIN TOP !!!!!
5:20 under the grenade icon you can see two dashes. Maybe we get two grapples per grenade charge?
All I want regarding mods  Is please, Bungie,  As a solo player, make Solo Operative a permanent option
I wish bungie would stop re-skinning old guns, A lot of these "NEW GUNS" as they call them are just re-skins of the moon weapons from Shadow Keep.
these are all the information we know already
Bungie: Strand is like nothing else out there and your guardian is going to be the first to discover it. Also bungie: Osiris, who has never used strand before, is going to teach you how to use/harness it. Also, Also bungie: by the way, even though you're the first person to discover strand, your enemies have learned to use strand and can harness strand shields.
The fact the loadouts can take stuff from the vault is HUGE! I can finally pack light and grab huge amounts of gear.  I only wish we could mark the loadouts with individual Emblems.
I hope the new solar season of defiance sword is vortex frame has whirlwind blade and relentless strikes or chain reaction
Some new vex models would look nice
I just noticed the warlock in red is holding Nameless Midnight at 22:36 so we might get some old red war weapons for vendors like the better devils and nightshade
If bungie lets us play some of the arcade machines after clearing out the enemies please for the love of god bungie please even if it’s basic as shit I will enjoy it no matter what
I already hate nimbus based on how bungie has described him and how he looks
Ngl, loadouts seem cool and all but without an in game way to access your vault from anywhere, it feels a little incomplete, especially with it not being able to put items back into the vault, I understand DIM exists but it still feels a little annoying to tab out just to transfer gear
To bad im honestly done with this game
anyone notice the resilience mod costed 4 energy?
Looks pretty good, the only thing missing is new enemies 😅
Destabilising rounds uses the volatile symbol, so yes
Yeah but did the titan subclass look some something actually new?
The Tormentors look like a realistified version of a kids drawing!😂🤦🏼‍♂️
Eh, why did that Cabal have a strand shield if it's supposed to be us guardians that find and use it?
Its taken 10 years but we r half to the the destiny people wanted... Light fall better be the greatest DLC ever... We really need Matchmaking in the game for everything... I'm sick of being locked out of stuff because I don't have people to play with... All they have to do is have it mic is required to enter matchmaking...
Imagine a gun with Incandescent, Volt shot, Destabilizing Rounds, Chill Clip, and Hatchling. Ultimate elemental weapon.
I just noticed the power level on the machine gun are we going up to 1800 power 200 levels
I was excited for the new warlock super, but from the new footage it seams pretty weak 😒
Am I the only one concerned that 10 loadouts it's not enough?
Just got back into destiny about a week ago,  cause this update looks so interesting,  can't wait , I normally play the division series but really  enjoying destiny right now .
GUYZZZZZZZZZ
We “arguably” still don’t have stasis shields? If ur arguing that we still don’t have stasis elemental shields, I think u have a pretty strong argument. Lol
HE FINALLY SAID NEOMUNA RIGHT
Bungo further cannibalizes Warmind. Strand is just nerfed Warmind Cells, and let me guess, these Strand weapon perks will do original things like "tangles last longer" "targets near tangles take more damage, are suppressed,  ect" "Guardians near tangles take less damage".   Then Bungo does the classic double dip, HERE'S A $50 DLC, AND GUESS WHAT!? A $10 SEASON PASS ON THE SAME DAY! Yaaaaaaay!
i really really hope the community doesnt gatekeep activities with the new guardian rank system, would be kinda bogus if people start only wanting rank 11s in lfg groups
Who cares. I'm so sick of this game, it's so trash. Lightfall looks like a  half ass Fortnite neon colored themed kids game. Nothing like I expected. Not to mention it doesn't work half the time and Bungie changes the game every 3 months making all my time wasted chasing certain weapons and armor ABSOLUTELY USELESS. Such a Joke I wouldn't play this game even if it was free. Rather pay to play much newer cooler games like new god of War Ragnarok, Cyberpunk, dead space, Calypso or even elder scrolls. Destiny feels like a game from Xbox 360 that has never upgraded or improved since. Idk how these people are still so obsessed with this game it's so dead and over with. Even Bungie doesn't care about destiny anymore and it's very obvious
Was that one cabal using heir apparaent???
Arcades didn't survive past the 90s but they survived all the way to after the collapse on neptune!?! I think we found where a divergence in time may have happened.
so travis from ign and tlw podcast said that it was very underwhelming and boring generic missions...why is rick not saying shit about that
all the weapons are old weapons with a new skin :) .
Any word on how long season of defiance will be?
I’m ready for the solo grind 🙌🏽
Halfway through the vid and u haven't said or shown a single thing that isn't already known. Jesus, I swear this whole vid is just so u can flex that "you were shown early access shit but can't tell us anything about it" ..u need to think about where u started bro, u been getting cocky as hell in ur vids and it's really got me  feelin like unsubbing. Just sayin man.
I want a question answered please 7:24 is that a new vex enemy or just a new design
The more gameplay i see of Strain, the less I like it
Anyone else not gonna interact with guardian ranks or comoderations like me don’t see a point in it I’m waiting for the lfg in game system
It will be interesting to have some random events related to the expansion next week. Like they used to do in Destiny One.
Thank god its nowhere near as convoluted to unlock Strand as it was Stasis. That almost killed the game for me once upon a time.
Is there any destinations going away?
the warlock super looks like dog water the more we learn about it  7:16 IT CANT EVEN KILL BASIC ENEMIES   im gonna stick with void i think, such a disappointment
Can't wait to play solo another year baby 🤣 I play with others via matchmaking I just don't do raids and stuff
At 2:20 there’s some like hive figures on top of the arcade cabinets, could that be some Easter egg?
I’m so pumped for this expansion, everything looks so good and the changes seem to be great! Can’t wait to start it 😱
"We're in the endgame now..."
This dlc looks shitty
Oh, sweet! The darkness is finally here! That means we finally get an entirely new faction to fight, right bungie? . . . Bungie? . . . Wait . . . We are just fighting reskinned cabal? . . . How old is this game?
Lmfao destiny is so trash now. I can’t believe y’all keep accepting losing full DLCs you paid for them ruining builds etc.
Guardian Ranks just sound like being forced to play things you don't want to.  I just wish they stop making every season like a job, less grindy, and more fun.
There actually are stasis shielded foe’s, hop around the throne world for awhile you’ll find them
I can’t wait to rain strand missiles on everything I see
Destiny x Warframe❤❤
Came for 9:16 lol
Cabal? Again? What a joy. 😒
That hunter gonna be op in pvp with that super for sure... now I'm excited to go head's up with them
Bro you went out to an exlusive Bungie sanctioned event, you oughta know Nimbus' pronouns better than any of us 😐
If Destabilizing Rounds procs a void debuff, here's hoping we can roll it with Repulsor Brace for void overshields on any class.
A 10 year game is just wack.
Who said it first? Asmon or Kackis?
If you finish the campaign on 1 character Will you get it on all classes or will you have to go back through the campaign
that season of defiance auto rifle looks like chrysura melo or however you say it, the auto rifle from season of the lost :/ personally hated it
@khakisHD Any indication on patrol ad density?  Are 6 people going to be fighting over 8 enemies for bounties?
Anyone know where xur is?
You didn’t talk about the early access event?…🤔
Imma have to come back too ths game whn the update drop cause i just did a mission just 4 the next mission to say i need the expansion then i go to a vender and they say i need season pass..Why would they add the mission to everyone world knowing everybody didn’t purchase the expansion packs ect..Too much
The frequent mispronounced names of items from content creators always make me cringe
Bro Camped harder than a noob In COD
Armor looks as bad as CrispyCreme armor from the moon. Ugly as hell.
These go to 11...
I really hate that they put all the stasis guns in the top slot, it screws with my loadouts. Same with Strand now then, apparently. Since there are no stasis/strand guns or osmosis guns in the energy slot (though, incongruously, there are heavies with both stasis and osmosis), you can literally never have stasis/strand in all three slots. With the push towards rewarding matching gun type with your own element, that's just very annoying. Move all the stasis/strand energy guns to the middle slot and leave the top slot for kinetic and osmosis kinetic...
Tsk, tsk, you called Nimbus "he", and Nimbus is "they". They be sleepin with *everybody* , not just the women. ;)
I like how not one of these shills has talked about how you will need to unlock your loadout slots lol
Please Twilight Garrison Come back 🙏
Stasis or strand glaive kinetic slot bungie?
Not a fan of exhaustion mechanic but that’s the only thing I’ve heard I’m not a fan of
I hope strand gets a survivability type verb
That titan armor  😍
I wish they would being back the plague lands from D1.
I was hoping the Shadow Legion would be to the Cabal as the Scorn are to the Fallen.
The neon glow to the city makes me feel like playing in a Blade Runner atmosphere….it’s going to be a juicer!
imagine we get a scourge of the past like raid
Nimbus looks like he gonna steal your boyfriend
*Dude hasn’t left that church tower since vanilla D2*
I'm more excited about devrim leaving the church than I am lightfall
For the nano rockets it is exactly the same rocket from Quicksilver around 5:50 of the Vidoc there was the smg firing at the end of the volley you see the rocket zip in. So guess is last shot or around 16 hits for the proc
Just a heads up, nimbus is a they, not a he
You know it's gonna be a real deal when Devrim leaves the church
I wonder if I can get a refund.
Why does Strand symbol remind me of those Cancer ribbons?
They are overhauling the mods to make room for something else to fit so don't be waiting around for new ones. To be totally honest if this is the limit of what they can do because they chose to use the same engine for destiny 2 as destiny 1 then its time for destiny 3 on a new engine. $100 for a new expansion on a so called free to play game yearly is absurd on a 8 plus year old engine full of limitations that they use as an excuse to take away content we paid for.
It will be a massive failure for sure every woke game is a failure
Glad you’re calling nimbus a him 🤣 there have already been so many characters that could have been non binary without even having to say it (like the witness) but they decided to make nimbus a they/them? Feels corny and forced.
I wonder if they will ever add like a party game mode for pvp (sparrow racing) for example
I’m glad we’re getting an actual “darkness” enemy like the Tormentors but I am so hoping Final Shape just adds an entire new subset.   Also here’s hoping we get those season of splicer weapons back to craft..kinda goes with the whole neon vibe right?
We need a new social space that's like the tower and not the fucking moon
I hope those guardian ranks don't hinder us that don't have interest nor care about raids. SMH
This is gonna be such an awesome dlc, can’t wait for the new story and lore, hopefully the new exotics that haven’t been shown yet are fun to use. That strand gameplay looks cool as well
that was a brave attempt at pronouncing ostinato lol
It will be nice to play in a city instead of always in the mountains, swamps or forests
We are already at war!!!
The smg takes either 12 or 13 rounds to proc the tracer rounds, kinda hard to count but it's one of the two, the HC 4, and the lmg 9, although it should be noted all of these are body shots so if it works like quicksilver it will be fewer on precision hits, considering the smg is either 600 or 750 rpm based on it's mag size this will have no impact on optimal, even assuming it takes 9 to proc like quicksilver since it potentially has the same base amount to proc, but a potential increase of 1 less body shot to kill on all bodies assuming its 12, which is the same difference as on quicksilver, the HC  being a 120 will see no difference in pvp, and the lmg is an lmg. It should be noted it takes much less time off target for the count to reset, and the damage is split much more evenly 2692 impact, 2711 for the explosion, as opposed to quicksilver's having almost no impact damage, idk if the damage is the same across all weapon types or not yet, or it's pvp numbers  also, the stasis GL appears to be a heavy Wave frame
tormeneters seem like they’re going to be the equivalent to Doom Eternals marauders
How will loadout swapping handle ammo for special and heavy weapons?
Did they say anything about making stasis easier to get? I'm just getting back into destiny after I stopped playing in forsaken so having that artificial and unnecessarily long grind for stasis along with getting strand is a lot for people like me who are getting back into destiny.
what's the new power level
we should get a season on nessus, but they might remove nessus with lightfall
Looks like a mid dlc so far
I'm so  excited
Your new gameplay looks sick
As soon as lightfall drops every try-hard and sweat is going to want people rank 8 and above just the play a regular strike this is going to cause even more bullying and hate because not all of us eat breathe and sleep Destiny some of us have a nine-to-five and an actual life and a job and some of us don't have a big group of friends to constantly play raids and other major game content that doesn't have a matchmaking built into it. But other than that I can see this being really good for new light players to get caught up but for veterans like myself and others I don't see this being a big deal.
The only thing I remember about stasis is the a quarter of the player base statistically quite the game after that 😂
Three minutes in and I’m sold, I’ve been waiting so long for a public event like escalation protocol and was so disappointed when the throne world didn’t have any!!
Strand glaive incoming...
Aaaand the auto rifle in thr weaponry slot is gon be a 450 or 360 from the look of it's body type. Greeeeaaaatt
Bungie back to flying out content creators.   This can't be good for the health of the game.
The most exciting thing is that post-raid “full results” tab. Post-raid damage number checks finally coming to the game?
It's your boy Rick "early access "kackis
Well I won't get far with Guardian Ranks. I get to 6 min.
Thank you RickCactus
With Basso Ostinato, it's pronounced osti-Na-to, emphasis on the Na part, with a long a sound like you're saying ahhh  [osti'na:to]. It's a music term that comes from Italian, that means a persistently repeating pattern/phrase/motif.
getting really tired of all the titan footage looks like striker, they can say "itll be different trust us" or "we wanted to realy capture the power of strand soemthing never seen before" over and over but it looks like striker just green everywhere, having a heavy that is range is barely passable and the aspects just being kephris horn but green and offencive bullwark BUT GREEN just how is that "never before seen power" that they keep going on about ?   Titan strand is just green striker but with a grapple grenade
stacks on stacks and over charged are based off mods be had bebor the rework of mod system
Stasis shields actually exist, there is a boss in the throne world that has one
I hope this gives vibes of the dreadnought in both danger and mystery
Man I cannot wait anymore
Lore wise cabal with strand shields makes no sense how can they have strand if it is a new power we discover
I am so freaking excited. I started last October and am ready to get in on an expansion from day one
@KackisHD So does this new 1-10 level thing mean there's no point to saving bounties?
Guys, the Traveler tried to STRAND us.
My bow has finally arrived,😍😍😍
I wonder why we haven't seen any of the Neomuna citizens? The city feels so sterile as is.
Question for you is this us old players would love to reconstruct rebuild our characters from scratch without resetting the actual characters records is this being added or not ta.
Wait there removing elemental wells?
The fact you upgraded to 10 blows my mind..
Looks like Blade Runner the movie
Thank god, they're not making unlocking strand annoying like stasis. I still dont have artifacts and shit on stasis for some characters cuz I stopped giving a fuck, mid grind.
I can already see the problems strand holds for PVP.   If you get tethered by strand, you could bring the enemy right to your team… where they pop their super and everyone is dead.   Getting caught with strand will turn into a death sentence. Better off just staying where you are and trying to fight it out.   I can see the casuals just getting their teams slaughterer left and right.   I hope that new LFG system they are rolling out is on point. Lol
Oh boi can't wait to never leave rank 6 because I'm trash at the game
WE NEED A PERMANENT SOLO OPERATIVE FOR LONELY LIGHTS LIKE ME! XD
Something not really mentioned during the weapons section: those shaders on the guns are pretty slick. Can't wait to try those out on armor.  Fashion is the real endgame.
How can enemies have Strand shields if it was supposed to have just been discovered by the Guardians?
I still stand by my opinion that Artifice armor got heavily nerfed...  Like really? Three points? That's your reward for grinding out Artifice armor? Sad... =[  Everything else looks freaking amazing!!!
You already know I’m using sky burners oath
No new enemies based on others who also went to that event ... Same enemies different armor
"I'm gonna tell you everything I've learnt about lightfall expansion...." No thanks Kackis, I prefer to stay in the minority of people who don't want to know and thus enjoy the expansion way more 😉 but hey, each to there own
I would like to point out that the symbol for destabilizing rounds has in it the symbol for volatile which further implies it is some form of volatile
This is actually my first dlc ill buy for the game fell in love with destiny 2 combat very excited
Now I know people cry like kids 😂😂 I understand you want to see it for yourself and certain events you can say what you want but don’t reveal everything from the event you went to so on that not adventures 2.0 confirmed?? 😮😅
Early Access Event?
I already seen so many reused maps in the clips! Also, D2 isn't going to be available for a week! The servers were SO packed of players the first week of every new DLC.
I think the destabilizing rounds is gonna give weakness to enemies
Love the video. Reminder though that Nimbus's pronouns are they/them. ✌🏻🏳️‍⚧️♥️
Hmmm hopefully it’s worth the money
I hope this means a chance to get no land beyond
Any new achievements—or have they just totally forgot about that side of it
the tormentor looks like this universes maliketh. at least thats the vibe i got from the silhouette.
Yeah, fuck stasis! I hate grinding for stupid shit
i havent played in a while, im light level 1350, will there be a catchup system?
Having to have armor charges for stat boosts from like powerful friends etc really sucks. Goodbye triple 100 builds.
i haven't played since Feb 6 2021, will there be a upgrade bundle to jump me up to current light level?
Love how all the gameplay is titan so everybody can ahut up about strand titan being bad
Tbh why bring back warmind cells if just to remove them next season plus they provide more than a specific type of advantage with recharge abilities or granting over shields etc
More health and nerf is the bungie answer to everything
Resil is 4 energy in lightfall not 3 but nice vid and thanks for all the detailed infos. 😎
The way im excited for this fucking expansion. Omfg it ALL just keeps getting better😄😄
Excuse me? OSTINATO?!? That was the worst pronunciation ever..  Awe-stih-nah-toe
the guns look really neat, in both defiance and lightfall but... i hope the fragments for titans are bangers, because it seens that they avoid putting then on display aside for that horrible super showcase...
Is the expansion free because I can’t afford to keep paying for this game
From the musicians: it’s pronounced BAHso AustinAHtoe…
Bro, leave it to bungie for getting me excited for their next expansion.
1801 👀
It would’ve been so much better if the witness actually had a darkness army. His ships are all just empty lol. Like who is attacking us him by himself.
Paul Tassie said it’s not lively at all. He said the destination actually felt empty.
what the season exotic weapon?
Seen your tweet about the campaign skip. It doesn’t “skip the power grind” the skip just brings you to soft cap like the campaign would. You still have to grind all your powerfuls then pinnacles.
Titan strand 3rd person melee combo super looks awesome.I love 3rd person melee combo lock on supers were ur in control. Like Hunter arc staff.
Ah damn, tangles have a 15 second cooldown
The problem with Bungie is they listen to people like you instead of the larger population who have lives and jobs
'lf2m to run the raid, minimum guardian rank 11’ calling it now
I gotta admit DIM was a life saver for this game I probably wouldn’t have invested as much time as I have without it. I hope the community gives those guys a very well deserved thank you.
Who was there with u???
PLEASE LET SEASON OF DEFIANCE BRING BACK NO LAND BEYOND-
So we’re paying price for new game but just get a planet and subclass. Amazing 🤩 Fuck this game. Not doing it. Wow but it has amazing graphics and such good gun play like no other game. Jajajaja. The witch craft from bungie in this Homo game rainbows 🌈 everyone let’s fight guardians. I know y am I still here , I was expecting something great but no same shit so now I’m out. Take care Kakis, you were awesome to watch while it lasted. You guys will be bored in 1 month tops.
That Strand hand 140(maybe120) hand cannon with Golden Tricorn- could be spicy.. Possible 2 taps?
Just thought I might say that Nimbus is confirmed non-binary and use they/them pronouns.
How are there lost sectors on Neomuna?
Ya if they only did the other titan melee supers like they did strand 3rd person combo supers I love that I hope they don't take that away I do agree they should fix some supers like giant fire hammer should be more controlled like the hunters arc staff that 3rd person lock on combo melee sytem just feels amazing.
So will it be easier to produce orbs
Why is your head so big Rick big head Melonacktis
Destiny should have same story or quest line on Toland. It seem he's forgotten.
Wait so are they saying we don’t have to do the campaign 3 different times on each character just to unlock it for everyone?
That titan strand looks lame. Idk how they are proud of making a build that. It is basically a praying mantis with some leds
I know they want to lessen ability spam with the takeaway of wells, but I hope we can get close to it with the new mods lol
this should be called the Khakis vidoc
titan getting a hood?
So is the starting gear level going to be 1800 now? If so I'll quit farming for pinnacles now and just wait
I still haven't unlocked all of the stasis subclass. And I have been playing on and off since the release of D2! hahaha
I forgot that Devrim even existed. I havent been to him since around release day 💀
I don’t like the idea of a public event that requires 6 people. I was hoping they learned their lesson after that cluster fluck seraph tower from the warmind expansion. Hopefully it’s just going to be one of the match making events you’ve been able to do these last several seasons.
they could give us at least a week with the DLC alone before starting a new season, I always end up not knowing what to do next and what to leave for later
Lol they only invite there employess us reguler players they live out no wonder by the time the new DLC comes out they got all the new exotics weapons before everyone  else ..... All I got to say is one thing to bungie . F you
Never in my life will I wear that helmet for the warlock.
im just gonna say it now, if they give us a public event that is meant for 6 and don't let me que into the planet with 6 people im gonna be pissed because we all know how shit it can be actually finding a group that cant properly do those events.
I just hope that there is an armor mod that gives you armor charges on pickup of a Solar sprite, Ionic Trace, Void Breach, Stasis Shard, and Strand strings (??). If the charge system relies only on orb gen, its going to butcher a lot of builds.
How do I play the early access event thing
Did anyone ask bungie why they hate titans?
Yeah bro that's not a social space.... The reef .... That's a social space... The tower that's a social space. what's your describing is like a vendor location that's all.
14:49 this is kinda sad :/ Destiny already is such a simple game when it comes down to build crafting or farming for it and now they take away the different combat styles?
Ready and excited for lightfall but I could care less about guardian ranks. There are certain parts of the game that I don’t bother with like raids, dungeons, gm nightfalls and pvp. I’m mainly a multiplayer gamer except for destiny’s pvp which is nothing but an ability spam and quite boring. I play too many other games to bother with strikes and gambit after I complete the season pass in a few weeks so guardian ranks is meaningless to me.
SHADOW LEGION MONEY GANG  we LOVE invading neptune 💯💯
Will our power levels all start at the same number when lightfall launches?
RIP my triple 100 stats 😢
Prepare yourself the Mr. Nimbus memes!   He controls the nine
Unless Bungie is using a new server or platform. I think ALOT of problems are going to arise. Especially, with the Strand. If Destiny had issues with Dares of Eternity, what is going to happen with all these new added game components.
Are titans as trash as we all think they’re going to be..
What does the arcade area looks like one of the call of duty maps.
Forget the pre order I'm buying it when it gets out heh
Did they give us a bigger vault?
I wish they'd put a little more attention to pvp. 6v6 is a disaster...u got abilities,armor that gives abilities,supers,guns w abilities,nade spam ...it needs reworked.
The thumbnail art of those defiance weapons is just choice...like such absolutely beautiful coloring  there
Destabilizing rounds looks like it has the symbol for volatile in the center so I’m willing to bet that’s what it is
Just WAY too many games I want to play this year. Not even sure I'll be able to afford them all. Not including Lightfall.. And despite sometimes enjoying Destiny 2 for what it is, the game is really expensive to keep up with, almost predatory in nature, and I'm almost always at least a little disappointed in the content. Destiny 2 is purpose engineered to make you feel guilty about not playing it because you spent so much money on it in the past, and FOMO because that next expansion just might be better than all the rest, and not nearly as lacking in depth. But I can already see that it's just going to be more of /exactly/ the same gimmicky content with a different skin slapped on it.   This time, no pre-order on Lightfall. Gonna wait and see if it's worth getting after the fact. Maybe it's time to let go of Destiny 2. I dunno. If I do, though, it's not like I'll be hurting for games to play:   Hogwart's Legacy        (playing this now) Atomic Heart 		|	FEB · 21 · 23 Robocop 	        	| 	JUN · 23 STALKER 2            	| 	DEC · 08 · 23 Redfall 	    	                | 	23~ Starfield 	    	        | 	23~ The Invincible  	        | 	23~ Suicide Squad		| 	23~ Avatar			        | 	23~ Witchfire		        | 	23~ Star Trek		        |	23~ Armored Core		|	~
Sounds the lfg groups will be demanding guardian rank oh 10 and kwtd lol.
I hope the best for you all but I'm sure bungie will disappoint like every other time. Who knows though. Maybe it'll be a dlc that makes me finally come back. Time will tell bit I'm gonna guess a month later it'll be the same ole shit same ole complaints
So are they implementing raids and dungeon matchmaking?
Season of defiance weapons are reskins of lost weapons and it makes sense because bungie said that with specific season if it’s a season about the forge they will bring back forge weapons so since it’s a awoken season that means lost weapons are coming back
I have a feeling that this is the beginning of a golden age for destiny
the lightfall weapons being what they are per slot tracks with reskinning the shadowkeep weapons.
I hope this dlc won’t disappoint. So far it looks like it’s gonna be dope af. Can’t wait to rock the new lost sector exotics
They cleared in 10 seconds… devs be hacking
Why I don’t watch kackis anymore. Click bait titles
I’m glad they’re doing a higher difficulty like they did in Witch Queen
Can't wait for Lightfall!!!
Titanfall players watching lightfall trailers :👀
I wish them well but i just cant get up any enthusiasm for this game anymore i find it very boring and the seasonal model is very ...meh...
Wow so early access event was just YOU playing what a waste of time unsubbed for misleading title
For the love of the traveler, I hope they just make it special ammo finder and heavy ammo finder and no more scouring the mods to find the one that you need. It’s been so stupid for the past few years dealing with that
Do you need to have pre ordered lightfall to have strand
I realized the other day that we haven’t had any major events in the edz pretty much since like year 2
I still think the "defiance" is going to come from Queen Mara Sov......every since her return and Uldren "not being himself" anymore she has a bone to pick with us...a big one!!!
Ok...NOW i am Hyped!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YaDZ5YQdaqg       ;.........    this video it sums up what I have been saying for a while no New real Content same old boring stuff just Bungies way of saying thank you for your hard-earned money but Guess what we will screw you over at some point when we start removing content again that you have paid for just as we did before I have stopped playing Destiny for more than 10 months now and I am not planning on paying for shit service that only takes your money too then screw you over take a real long hard look at this new Lightfall crap are they really giving new content or is it just a case of change a bit of colour add a new mod add a new location " BIG DEAL " too me it just seems like Destiny is not getting any better and it's been going on for a while now  I lost all interest once they started removing content and not even adding anything new to the game even the power cap sucks why should there be a limit on power cap . I think Bungie should just have made a D3 all new locations all new armor all new weapons all new Missions and a whole new storyline with tons and tons of stuff to do for PVE give players a fresh start. Message to Bungie make the game bigger not smaller and stop screwing people over by removing content that we have paid for.
guardian ranks sound like they could be complete and utter dog shit if bungie forces you to do activities you dislike doing.
Worst update ever
18:43 ostinato is pronounced “aus-tin-ah-to”. It’s a music term.
I hope Bungie doesn't disappoint. This is a big moment for us all.
Yawn......
We need a new ritual game mode, something like prison of elder’s.. I’m so bored of strikes and gambit.
Excited. Noticed the city under the tower. Hope we are fighting in areas like that as well.
20:07 Literally just a reskinned kinetic Chrysura Melo.   These are ALL reskinned weapons. 🤮
God I'm in love with Nimbus, cool and hot as hell. And I love that the Vidoc already only used they/them, if the game does that too I'll be so happy
tormentor oh please... nothing is worst than a  constantly teleporting, health regin overload fallen lol
was clive burdon there mate hes my cousin
NOW IM MOTIVATED!
According to the closed captions, "It's ya boy! Rick Carcass!"
What is up guys its ya Boii!
You realize the new seasonal sword can roll with incandescent!? look at the sword when they show off the loadout manager screen. the new seasonal grenade launcher can get volt shot too. same place to see it.
So to sum up this video I need to delete everything my vault. Got it.
I wonder if were getting a siva subclass 🤔. Since theres Blue-Stasis, Strand-Green, Siva-Red?
R.I.P Powerful Friends and Radiant Light
Kackis will never hit 2 mill because this game can’t even hold 300k players Sadge.
Why the auto rifle look like chryasura mellow
I dislike the cap in Heist Battlegrounds, It just wasn't fun to me. But I liked the semi challenge it provides so basically i don't know how to feel about the cap in neomuna.
Can they let us buy the items aspects/fragments in stasis now just like the light subclasses 😭
Can’t wait let’s do this 👊
10:59 That’s gotta be a stasis wave frame right?
Still waiting for Bungie to allow us to customize our guardians appearance without deleting our character, like come on, how mean can they be to avoid that for so many years? I made my guardian when I was younger and now I think he looks stupid and i refuse to delete him just to change his appearance and or race, and I dont care about the boring comments "just keep your helmet on" because the helmet gets taken off in non combat zone cutscenes even if its set for helmet on, and I want to see my guardians face when he talks, also please Bungie make our Guardian have ALOT more cutscenes and appearances/and alot more dialogue, don't be so cheap, our main character who is the reason the story progresses and the reason everyone is safe, is basically at this point a side character who's treated as unimportant, bungie keeps giving every NPC screen time besides our Guardian, and Bungie should seriously consider giving our guardian dialogue options and also, a relationship with a partner in the game, saint 14 and osiris clap each others cheeks, zavala gets to talk to his dead wife, etc, but our Guardian has to be forever alone as a lifeless plot machine with no voice or point of existence? With the lack of importance and presence of our guardians personal life and appearances, it feels like I might as well just watch destiny 2 cutscenes as a movie and not even play the game -_-. Please Bungie, make our Guardian matter, and give them a much more major presence in the games story, as well as a personal life of our choice, it'll make this game feel more alive for those of us who want more roleplay to our Guardian.  Aside from that, im excted for Lightfall, pre order was too much, but regardless, still excited!
No one go talk about how he’s 1801😮😮😮😮
Ali: There’s one thing that kakis  didn’t ask Bungie, are they increasing the vault size by 100 or more.
Am I the only one who sees a similarity to Halo 3 ODST? Looks like ODST 2.0... and that's not a bad thing. I love that open world gameplay and can't wait to drop feet first into Neomuna!!
They need to make stasis unlocked for everyone at this point. Or simplify it. It’s ridiculous how long and arduous it is.
Looks like we to delete a lot of weapons we already have to make room
That whole arcade uses real world electricity.
120 HC craftable 🥵😍
Yay another element to worry about with match game grandmasters lmao
FINALLY we got the void ad clear perk
I’m already rockin with nimbus dude just seems so cheery all the time
The new strand weapon perk sounds like it's possibly only going to be good for strand warlocks, really hope that ain't the case and I can get it to work well with titan
STRANDCANNON
So if you dont have the option to do raids for what ever reason, your kinda screwed Guardian rank wise. Unless they put matchmaking in raids.
If calus is trying to take over I wonder why the vex are there
After watching this video it sums up what I have been saying for a while no New real Content same old boring stuff just Bungies way of saying thank you for your hard-earned money but Guess what we will screw you over at some point when we start removing content again that you have paid for just as we did before I have stopped playing Destiny for more than 10 months now and I am not planning on paying for shit service that only takes your money too then screw you over take a real long hard look at this new Lightfall crap are they really giving new content or is it just a case of change a bit of colour add a new mod add a new location " BIG DEAL " too me it just seems like Destiny is not getting any better and it's been going on for a while now  I lost all interest once they started removing content and not even adding anything new to the game even the power cap sucks why should there be a limit on power cap . I think Bungie should just have made a D3 all new locations all new armor all new weapons all new Missions and a whole new storyline with tons and tons of stuff to do for PVE give players a fresh start. Message to Bungie make the game bigger not smaller and stop screwing people over by removing content that we have paid for.
Not needing to go to orbit to change the loadout it's huge
Please no more “moving on from there”
Hey Devrim. Let me hold that no land beyond.
destabilizing rounds has the suppression symbol in it.
Top notch as always Mr Kackis. Can't wait for lightfall.
Where is the prep bounty video 🫢🥲
I wonder if skyburners will work on the new cabal type
This time he wasn't excited enough to say the "Neuroma"
Did he mention anything about the early access event??
Just saying, the armor that is "new" in the trailer has the seasonal logo on it instead of the lightfall logo.
Sounds like the are bringing the Chinese social credit system to destiny 🫠  Why are they trying to. Normalize communism to our kids? 🚩
But if everything is based off orbs….we can’t pick up if we have our super ,.. unless we using certain weapons… I Ainot like that
Calm down titan people complaining, y’all just learned how to snap now so please thank the bungo lords😊😂
I was already excited for the release but this put it over the top thanks!
I wonder if switching loadouts will make you lose ammo as well. Assuming that loadouts are made for people switching where there is a raid banner.
I think the armor shown in the commendation screen is likely raid armor, since it was shown first during the section of the ViDoc that mentioned the raid with an accompanying cutscene right at the very end of it
I love everything about lightfall exept that recommendation system and reputation it's absolute caps and will only bring more toxicity into the game I can already see players not being able to do raids anymore cause everyone is asking for rank 10 minimum  to even do a chill run
RICKITY CAT KISS
19:10 the icon for the perk here also has the icon for volatile, so it's definitely something to do with volatile great vid as always Rick, can't wait for lightfall after seeing this
One thing i see no one talk about, regarding the new armor charge sistem, is that we cant pick up orbs of power if we have our super charged. Are they gonna change this? Cause if not, the whole system is  fucking garbage and make weapons with explosive light basically MANDATORY for any build. Edit: also what mods are gonna allow us to make orbs is really important
Nimbus's pronouns are they/them
Did i see a statis waveframe!? 10:58 mins in
Hope I'm not forced to play PVP to get all my ranks. I friggin hate PVP.
All I'm hearing is caring about guardian rank is a waste of time
It looks like they are doubling down on over complication. That's the only thing I hate about Destiny.
awh saw the title and thought we had access to a mission or two :c
Can't wait to see "Rank 11 Only KWTD" on every lfg group
This is gonna be rough in PvP. I’m not getting light fall, so this is scary.
I really want them to add a lore where the titan class went extinct as soon as strand got introduced…
Great video and nice teasers!   PS: Nimbus isnt a he.
Boy, don't make it seem like your gonna tell us there is an early access event that "we're" going to get. Typical youtubers man.
In the footage you can see the sniper will most likely be strand too
Nobody mentioned that that guardian had 1801 light level.... ummmmm, that's quite the power bump.
Hey Rick, did they get rid of the + 20 stats on powerful friends and radiant light? curious for build crafting purposes? keep it up man love this info
I miss dinklebot ❤😂
18:55 to me, that "destabilizing" thing sounds like a "blinding granade" kind of deal 🤔🤔🤔🤔 for a shotgun? 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
idk i think the whole mod system is a big L its legit "collect and orb ... to get more mobility" and thats it. now you can do 3 different builds (yes all do dmg in a different way) and i think its better than this ... maybe im too early to criticise it.  second think is this guardian rank system, its ... a big ego think what im seeing and i dont think that would help any body. well yes i can see if someone is low level and i can leave a strike when it started cuz yk i see "oh hes not that good at the game". now its like "man why arent those guys doing anything?" in mid strike
Still taking half a year to get through your intros huh. I hate it so much.
Tbh pretty disappointed for the guardian rank system but besides that Im super hype for lightfall. And cant wait to get my hands on the SMG I pray it is atleast 900rpm
*Looks at the hand cannon shown* Hehe, StrHand Cannon.
Grabbing peoples sparrow hell yeah ! Thats awesome i did not see that yet
I just wanna be able to summon those battle droids from that finale mission at will
Cabal =/= Shadow Legion  Shadow Legion is an actual threat, the Cabal are actual homies.
A lot of hype. As mentioned, with new weapons there are no plans to increase more vault space?
okay now a big thing that needs to change: WE NEED ACTUAL STATS NOT "A small amount" What is that ? 5%? 10% My ass ~ give us numbers Bungie x.x
My question is if we have max super energy, can we still pick up the orbs and get those stacks? If not, that's kinda...oof
Fully unlocking Stasis sucked. Feels even worse doing it for other characters. Thank goodness fragments transfer.
It's black history month Bungie! Why wasn't my avg ass allowed early access!! Lol
I think this new “rank” system is going to be dog shyte
Nimbus looks like a chick
Aint no way we got Mr. Nimbus as our guide NPC
i'd really like a bit of inventory update, where we have more than 9 slots per weapontype/armor and like a seperable vault, where you can put your currently relevant stuff (and not throw it in the mayyybe usefull WHEN (...) happens)) (and mb DIM ingame would be sweet...)
Thd strand wepons look amaziinggggg
Cant wait to grind for moon weapons
so a cyberpunk 2077 copy but lame hahahaah
We all know mara sov Is switching sides that Traitor! And then crow has to kill her
Appreciate the content as always but hate that only big time creators get invites for early access.
Yes can't wait! What 2 weeks to go?
and the vault still 600 :D
The problem with Destiny is that there is not a real incentive to replay the game. XP is meaningless. The rewards are abysmal and require more than one completion of an activity, which would work if the activity wasn't something that's been around for four years or more. There's just no reason to play.
Public activity or public event ?
Fallen -> Scorn : Cabal -> "Shadow Legion"
Hey @KackisHD or anyone else who may know.  I am wondering if the loadout system can transfer say, my one Witherhoard, from one character to the next via loadout. Sounds like a no based on the no return items to vault mechanic.
What about the hand cannon in the cover art!!
Guardian ranks could possibly be the thing that makes the game easier to learn for new lights.
This really doesn't seem like the game is going to be much different. I simply refuse to play the same strikes over and over.
The bow might be Stasis, unless a exotic Stasis bow is coming
So something I noticed, maybe I’m just a goober. But what’s the difference between strand and the siva shit we had to fight from the iron lord dlc? Cuz it’s the same symbol, so I’m curious as if it’s sort of similar or relates in anyway
DEVRIM LFG!!!!!!
The only thing I want to know about lightfall is whether or not powerful friends will still give 20 mobility.
PLEASE ASK Bungie if the mk44 stand asides for titan will work for strand
“I am Mr Nimbus”
How did Quick Sliver handle in the new content did you see any improvements?
Can’t wait for this.
What early access?
huh I thought there was already a stasis shield? Its that one scorn boss from a public event in the throne world with a white-ish shield .
So will I still have something similar to reactive pulse? That mod is super useful and really powerful
Really enjoyed the vidoc that was released today and I’m very excited to fight the tormentor
They're all re-skins🤦
I seriously hope they'll also change it so that all the supers are unlocked from the beginning, or at least if I want to make a new character, sometimes I just want to replay a Campaighn and so far making a new character is the only way to do that. I hope they make it so that when I make a new character for this I can use all my unlocked Supers during New Light, or I can just skip New Light.
Bruh, that sword is beautiful!!
Rick kackis i wanted to say that you have been so much help for me in destiny ever since destiny 1 taken king. Keep up the great work.
Seems like builds got neutered real hard
The supers look so fluid even the titan one looks beast
Tormentors are rhulk, Upended Edit: during the commendation segment, the first guardians name is vostok. FYI lolol
You don't have to be in orbit to swap loadouts with DIM. FYI.
Hopefully I don’t leave until I’m at least able to experience Lightfall a little bit
what did they say about the pouka are we getting one
i havent played destiny in 3 months it is worth coming back to it!? i just hate how the nerf everything all the time.
Minor correction: Better Already is not in game, you are thinking Recuperation.  The difference is that Recuperation gives a chunk of health when you pick up an Orb. Better Already starts health regeneration when you grab an Orb.  Similar in function but different as one is immediate recovery and the other is over time.
Almost like Warframe.!
So it sounds to me like guardian ranks are going to be the new lfg wall for people "must be rank 9 to join" as an example
WAIT THEY'RE REMOVING WARMIND CELLS?!?!
Bro I’m gonna drop so much money on drip for this crappy game that I wanna stop playing so damn bad but I can’t cuz I’m in to deep
THE GAME GONE BE DEAD A MONTH LATER ANYWAYS NOBODY CARES ABOUT THIS SHIT
Had me up until the guardian rating system. Feel like that is gonna be abused somehow
"you can't just sparrow past enemies"  this 4:43 mf:
Mod system looks garbage. Just nerfs and what happened to drastically reduce mod energy cost that’s seems like an outright lie.
😪😪🥱🥱🥱🥱🥱
Then you should have told them titan new super sucks
If they don’t change how we get stasis I’m gonna loose my shit
Hate that people get early access, y'all get your Raid hints also?
Yeah I’m hype.
First off this is a brand new game I wouldn't call this a dlc wow bungie
So excited for the loadouts
Something I saw was on the commendations screen when they did Vow was a "Full results" tab top right, do you think we will finally be able to see boss dps if we succeed?
9:08 quick sliver confirmed not a strand weapon I guess looking in the bottom left 😒
Based
KING DEVRIM RETURNS
I'm turning Calus into a darkness tech Rocket Launcher
Anyone else see that stasis wave frame?
Guardians rank will mean nothing lol. All youtubers will be max ranked the first week.. just have someone else use your account while you sleep lol
Wait how can the Cabal have Strand Shields if we just discovered it? Does that then mean Strand is in the Energy slot or is it still Kinetic and they're introducing new shield types in addition for kinetic weapons?
Idk how i feel about the change to artificer armor..
And the bow is stasis
The thing the cabal drops on death is an empower/shield for other nearby shadow legion.
Tells us the 1% don't have any effect on the development of the game then shows us this stuff
Do armor ornaments change with the loadouts?!?! I’ve been dying for this answer and no one has given it to me. Like does it work the same as DIM?
3 public spaces sounds terrible same copy paste crap yet again. Was expecting bigger from this DLC.
Titans got this over the Super Machine gun? The machine gun sounds cooler if that was a real thing.
I'm pretty sure season of the deep is gonna be us falling deep into darkness because in the VotD you get messages saying "drown in the deep". Either we go into an ocean or super darkness.
Titans are the infantry of Destiny. It's time to get an infantry style super. I don't know,  maybe a turret super a la Borderlands style. Not like those flower sniffing warlocks, though.
Strand is going to be the new darkness based class for warlocks because they have the most utility out of the new subclass compared to the other types. Just watching the vidoc today proved it.
anyone else notice the strand shield?
OMG why is NOBODY ASKING THIS!!!! What happens to the Armor charge system when you have a FULL SUPER? Currently you CAN"T pick up and Orb of Power WHEN YOUR SUPER IS FULL. Does this KILL your ability to get buffs until you WASTE your Super? I CAN NOT BELIEVE NOBODY HAS THOUGHT OF THIS AT ALL I have watch so many Destiny Tubers and have yet to hear ONE PERSON mention this, and i bet nobody at this Event asked bungie this either (SIGH)
Super excited for all this new stuff. But I don't understand the reasoning behind resetting the guardian ranks. We get one thing that is reset every season replaced by another thing that is reset every season.
Can we finally take no land beyond from devrim
1800? Lawd the grind is gonna be long in this one!
I just realized something, but both the hand cannon and the smg have a similar thing that quicksilver has with the rockets
Is the 100 dollar pre order worth it
I wonder how pc performance is going to be like?
Speaking of build videos, are we gonna be getting new build vids for each subclass and type with the new mod system, since wells and such are more or less going away?
ground bass, also called basso ostinato (Italian: “obstinate bass”), in music, a short, recurring melodic pattern in the bass part of a composition that serves as the principal structural element.
Around 21:30. Was that a new jump for the titan?
*Bungie being extremely proud of tormentors*  LETS FUCKING GO  *The three stack team clearing the entire campaign with only ghallerhorn*  Eazy dubs, tormentor dif
Finally coming back to destiny after like a year lmao. Lightfall looks lit!
Is that an actual warlock hood or are my eyes just seeing things
And yet... I'm STILL not pre-ordering
Man I’m excited
19:30 destabilizing rounds symbol looks similar to the volatile symbol
No land beyond less go
SH-SH-SH-SHILL!
It appears as if scout rifles are getting vaulted which sucks if you're in the 3% of players like me who want more scout rifles.
I CANT WAIT FOR THIS, GIMME LIGHTFALL *NOW*
Someone tell me where did he mention an early access event
W bungie for adding trans characters and being lgbt positive as always 🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍🌈
I'm surprised you didn't comment on the combat experience... which one felt OP. Warlock, Titan, Hunter? From what I'm seeing Warlocks strand still looks the best... Hunters look pretty good. Titans....hmmmm.
Even with the new live event we still haven't seen the titan do anything but melee things, I mean the titan uses his barricade and it gave him woven mall but that's about it. If the head isn't protected by strand then the hole body should be immune to damage
At 10:55 is that a heavy stasis wave frame grenade launcher?
Just a slight correction: Nimbus is actually non-binary and goes by they/them (even had a poster released on National Coming Out Day with the non-binary colors)
Titan players need to stop complaining let the dlc come out before you start whining like kids man. Wish I’d see what it looked like before the change. And let’s be honest who cares for titan anyway. 2 to 5% who plays this game they have all the opinions, like how about those players just stay quiet you already nerfed div the whole drama. Don’t need any other changes.
You’re a paid Bungie simp
Titan strand is just Hulk tho low key....
LOADOUTS??????????????? Let’s go!
There was one stasis shield in the campaign lol
Titian go punch hehehe
Devrim nation rise up
I can’t believe there are haters that say Destiny is dead! 🤦🏻‍♂️ I personally think we’re in for another great DLC.
more interesting about this strand HC as i understand it's 120 rpm, but what stats it will has? And regards new buildcraft system and mods for now looks for me as peace of shit, especially with passive stats will obtain only with charge, increase cost of res mod.
I see possibly I new strand hand cannon. We need more hand cannons
These strand weapons are making me excited, im ready to hop into this dlc
It will be nice to play in a city instead of always in the mountains, swamps or forests.
I'm about to bust next video you should call yourself sticky kaky
Hey look I got to do early stuff and you didn't! Thanks (Prick) Kackis!
"harder" encounters.m I hope this does not mean bullet sponges b🤦‍♂️😔
Dude hasn’t left that church tower since vanilla D2
So I dipped from Destiny 2 relatively shortly after Forsaken came out, probably like 3 months or so and then came back with Witch Queen which kinda reignited my love for the game... initially. Now a year later I'm sorta unconvinced by Lightfall I think. Seeing how little they ultimately used the area/enemies from Witch Queen and just had us fighting basic stuff, quite often in the same spaces I remembered from when I played Destiny 2 or 1, for nearly the entire rest of the year, just feels like they'll do the same thing with this cool looking neo space city that you're paying for, we'll go there for the expansion proper and then barely anything else will take place there. The Throne World area was gorgeous and really cool imo, same with the lucent hive dudes, they were pretty fun to fight, they just didn't use them at all.
This is gonna be such an awesome dlc, can’t wait for the new story and lore, hopefully the new exotics that haven’t been shown yet are fun to use. That strand gameplay looks cool as well.
NLB!
The Season of Defiance Weapons look DOPE! 👀  → USE CODE "KHD" AND SAVE WITH ADVANCED.GG: https://advanced.gg/khd  Join the Discord ► https://discord.gg/pzDWPuEtas More Destiny 2 Videos ► https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlNJ2PqJdcZ3mOMjFXGBRvoC1KF_Klp7X
One person will die while watching this video according to death statistics isn’t that crazy at least they go out watching the best d2 YouTuber :) have a great day everyone
So rewards for the new public event will be.....2 tokens and a blue....
Rick has to do a back flip for his next intro
Inb4 people ranting about the Titan getting their 1,088,367th melee and never a single unique ability.
W
First ?
Lightfall? Mf I just saw the new witch queen trailer on the destiny 2 YouTube channel and that shits got me hyped😂
Let's gooo
Nice
Lol no views when I clicked video but has 47 likes hahahah
Can't wait for lightfall love your videos 👊
Peak content
Yo what up
🙃
1st
Les goo
Thank you
First
