Disliked for half nude female cleavage sexualisation content
My nearest Walmart is horrible about this. I used go there for trading cards, but about 6 months ago, they just didn't even bother restocking cards. Neither the area near the front of the store or the actual trading card section in the back of the store. The only reason I used to go there is because GameStop is about an hour away. Now I have to drive an hour.
🙏🏼
As I safety guy, and a forklift driver, the shot at 12:05 got me. Thats trust that should never be seen in that situation. Lol
All bread is, is water sugar salt yeast powdered wheat, maybe added starch or polysaccharides but that’s Where validation comes from us vegetables and natural food but bread is why these areas existed because people bought it. They tried moving in with us all treating us as consumers, the creation of cheese made it mostly pizzas. And there was just sausage or pepperoni left in there as meat. Anyone going there or cooking the food was like sent here by the business to sell you something or stop you. That’s what a grocery store sells is flour water salt sugar and yeast, all found naturally in maybe every region or area of the world. Butter wasn’t important oil just greased the pan or it didn’t rise or taste that good, it might slow the yeast down and keep more carbs but other polysaccharides could be added. Did you all go to thee disgusting looking restaurants instead of cooking food yourselves, I didn’t either, it was just a Mc Donald’s that’s just what done equipment buyers did but I guess too close by. We don’t like football that much or want to sell it or make it for them. Windows pro 11 just increased food consumption through stomachs to increase the likelihood of meat farming through it being eaten or craved and shipping live animals to Quebec or the United Kingdom. That’s why just pro was available with certain computers or places or it kept us here even if we had no school or work to do. Home users may run across full continents on foot while torrenting. Is there anything else they want to try and sell us and our overly stretched stomachs as stores from their large portions that disappear from stomachs that’s why tobacco was smoked because stomachs still felt empty after eating large portions do just bread was wanted and meat meat was an occasional thing and bread could be fresh every time but stores some. With that much work you mine as well be sitting there making your own bread entirely by hand, that must go on a bit north west of us where Salem takes everything on a google maps satellite for some kind of Greece profit. Give them all a coupon for whatever business they sold weed to or durable goods, durable goods were banned. These restaurants stopped all that drug stuff from going on with music or rock of ages to watch lions football and have a business here or they launder any money through it that they stole.
2:49 correction: Walmart is the largest American company supermarket, 2nd place...Kroger
I was born Jan 3rd 1980. My parents told me stories about Piggly Wiggly.
You never really think about these things. What a privilege it is to live in the modern world.
lmaoooo did you LITERALLY say Krogers? with an S?
Philippines
wendover seems to gravitate towards Colorado for his examples at a higher rate than any other state, do we know if he's from there?
Imagine 3 years ago.... Walmarts with employee operated checkout lines. Crazy!
[Do you ever wonder how food, furniture, and clothing get from one far point to another? They use cargo planes to transfer as is cheaper than hauling by boat or truck. The time to arrive is cut in half and takes less fuel than a semi from washingtom to texas. Common knowledge is semis were used for shorter distances to reach the stores. Food companies always made more than what market holds to sell on purpose to supply the food pantries, too.  Take for instance, they know a family might buy 3 spaghetti sauces every two weeks. So they make two more per three, those products go to the food pamtries in each town. This is because they know each community has people living off grid. I was trying to teach everybody that every person is important. We know consumers are what takes to make products. This is why stores take count each month what is selling through technology. If there are people not buying, then we correspond to find put why. You cant base prices for increase because of lack of sales. That is not a good solution. People buy less to consume based on high prices. Oranges are also available based on garden glasshomes that  keeps a certain temperature all year long. There are ditches dug to fill with water at certain days to give moisture to the trees. I gave the tools and certain directions for to make sure nobody went without food. Fabric is sitting in factories because we been wearing the same clothes for a long time. This fabric needs to be sent to stores, also. When clothing cant be worn anymore, we throw away or burn. All the used clothing in bulks was supposed to be given to each community. This was for a clothing closet and food pantry each community was to have. Volunteers would work these food and clothing pantries based on selection each week. The community would send letters to people to help vomunteer their time as a community. However, we need furniture too. We had stories that animals tear up furniture because we had furniture sitting in places and was still making furniture, too. However, there has to be community legwork to dispose of the torn up furniture and junk. Nobody needed a hoarder story because of laziness or lack of disposing trash. Small communities were to also have burn pits 8 ft deep and 8 ft wide to burn trash they picked up. Larger communities had to have twice the size burn pits. Yes, art and creativity also came from flipping furniture and clothing, but that was less than what we were buying. Which we have to get that clothing out back to the people. Let them all pick out what used clothing they want to use. We also used children and baby clothes on pet animals. This was because we had less production of children over the years. We found ways to curb humanity growth and that did hurt us some. However, I would rather  think humanity doesn't die out. We are meant to be creating heaven here, not hell. Food was to be a way of making sure those who didnt read the same books got food. The same can be said for clothing, furniture, and homes. Lets remember we all had different library systems and not alot of the same books. When I worked a season for a revlon company, we made alot of boxes of makeup. However, based on prices was cheaper to buy makeup sets than single makeup. We didnt wear alot of makeup every day, because we didnt have a reason to. Only times was when we went out to clubs, dates, or parties. So less makeup is being sold and in production because of that consumer interest. Doesnt mean all old makeup is bad, but can be given out if is old. Also, encourage more makeup sets that is going to sell the products. Give us reasons to enjoy life, again. Each community should have a small dance club that caters to adults on friday and saturday nights. The club can be used for teens on thursday nights with the alcohol bar closed, serving only soft drinks. I personally thought a drive in movie theater with an outdoor bowling center, mini putt putt golf, and small arcade in snack bar would be perfect for my town. They could also use the drive in for carnivals or rennaisance faires. How you use your playground is also what is less cost effective and more fun. Encourage on those types of events for people to bring their own picnic stuff and take their trash with them when they leave. See, again less cost on having trash collected at carnivals and renn faires. If they buy food at these events, have them bring their own trash bags, plates, and cups. Which we all know we made plasticware for reasons like this.]
Cool! I don't mind that YouTube does that with length, 15-20 minutes is a perfect length and I rarely click on videos that are longer than that
Gracias
You go to a supermarket and think how can they stock all this stuff that people aren't buying... turns out they stock it because niche products retain customers and gets them to use their store for their regular shopping.
It’s great living in 1st world status, and yet people still complain.  I use to work for Kroger, peeps can be so fickle, selfish, rude not realizing just how good they have it.  A great book to give you a better understanding “The Secret Life of Groceries” That said, this video is good.
Haklısın reis bişey anlamadım ama haklısın
Market Basket, a New England chain, recently built an 80,000 sq ft store  in Concord, NH.  I asked a friend who was a cross country trucker years ago how many full size semis  it would take to fully stock the store the first time. His response blew me away. He said "About 25-30 trailers."
Avocado from Mexico part was funny
They are right if the store doesn't have my herdez guacamole I'm not shopping there 😅
What about Winco?
Did you really say Smookers instead of Smuckers?
Wow your voice is unbearable!!! Why do you put soo much emphasis on your “T”s?😂
During the Cold War defectors were boggled by grocery stores; coming from a country where people waited in line for bread or milk they couldn't understand or comprehend the plentitude of grocery stores.
you can even get peanut butter and jelly mixed together in the same jar
I work at a grocery store that is pretty niche compared to Walmart and Target that are a 5-minute drive away, and I can confirm that the store does have very niche items, brands I haven't seen before, which is just like how Sam described them having niche items that people will come back for. One of the things I have to do is put certain items from the day back on the shelves, and a there's always at least a couple of brands and items I haven't seen before
I appreciate your post! My okx wallet holds USDT and other coins and I’ve got the seed phrase :( host hair point assault nominee walk plate focus idea analyst metal liberty ). Could you explain What's the best way to send them to Binance?
An average consumer has more choice than a king hundred years ago. Choice makes wealthy.
my supply chain professor recommended your video
Watching whilst on break at a supermarket
It is scary how fast I recognized that the store at 2:09 is a Rewe.
4:12 shoutout to Ingles 🫡. That’s my grocery store right there.
0:33 we do know, thats a continent called Europe
1:18 has peanut butter ever been inorganic??
Crazy im watching this
My dad workds with making and maintaining these systems
6:00 this part of the vid influenced me to buy some oreos
This is why we all love capitalism. The woke young college teens need to see how complex the world is before they keep pushing for communism.
My VERY first project at Nielsen was attempting to optimize variety for grocery stores. “How do we reduce the variety, without losing too much in sales.  That was 30 years ago.  Short Answer? LOLOLOL you can’t. Slow moving sales eliminates 99% of the complaints!!
Well done. As an expert in this industry, I was pretty impressed.   Ok, FFS, this is the first time that I’ve watched a video that hit me in my career!! LOLOL I spent my whole career working for IRI and the Nielsen. They collect scanner data from virtually every store in the world. (Yes, we had 2x4 upc codes from Home Depot and Lowe’s in our database.   Because it’s a short video, zero chance you could cover some of the most entertaining datapoints.  DSD: direct store delivery. Products that skip the warehouses completely. Carbev, bread, potato chips Shelf Space: manufacturers PAY retailers for shelf space. Which is why that thing YOU want is on the top shelf.(not big brand, not a big seller) Pricing, promotion, baseline: my first boss wrote the BOOK on pricing. Do not get me started on ends in 9 pricing and if something’s always on sale, what’s its base price? I got laid off and retired early Covid. I was so pissed. I missed out on all the insane changes in shopping behavior!!!
If someone told me I would spend 14 minutes watching a video about supermarkets I would have laughed out loud; and yet, here I am.
I hate the manual count it sucks
Jesus loves you repent he is coming back he died for your sins please ❤😊k
this is why skills such as fishing and hunting wilderness survival and other forms of self reliance are a GOD send incase the supply chain breaks down
Pursuit of profits by big supermarkets pushing shrimp farmers into exploitation
The producers of this fine YouTube presentation fail to televise the store manager chewing out the bag boy in the backroom because he forgot his badge.
Summry of The Incredible Logistics of Grocery Stores  Goal was to keep every product in stock as much as possible and little extra product as least as possible There will be a disparity in what inventory system count's show and what amount product in self as sellable Switch the source depends on market and manufacturer
I think I’m the reason hibiscus tea is in Wal-Mart
the thumbnail for this looks like the cover of tony hawks underground 2
My town has a ton of disruptions centers because we are halfway to chicago and louisville so yeah
Anyone else here concerned about the amount of plastic that is used for a short time to wrap the pallets before been discarded? Seems like such a waste
Is that John Williams 5:14?
Does Nebula have closed captions? Can't find them :(
1:25 This reminds me of when Calvin's dad in Calvin & Hobbes has a rant in the store about all the varieties of peanut butter 😂
This channel is a gift from god
I live in Colorado. It’s fun seeing my state in a video
All this logistics and yet i still cant get a box of nutty buddys each day SMH
We are opening a new supermarket we need a supermarket produce buyer please Alexandria,Va,22304
As someone who spent 6+ years in retail across three chains (one of them being Kroger), the pallets are rarely ever organized like you described and Nabisco doesn't go to the stores' distribution centers - Nabisco is a vendor and ships straight to store and Nabisco employees come to stock it.  Also - it's Kroger NOT Kroger's. There's no 'S'!
Thank you so much for this video. Super helpful and well-presented.  Your time and effort is most appreciated!
Actually many people in many countries know how it was with small stores. 10 or so years ago there were almost no markets in many of smaller countries
JIF PEANUTBUTTER IS JM SMUCKERS
Finally... Something that makes me truly honestly maybe believe in Global Capitalism. Lol
All of this gets significantly more difficult due to the fact that items expire.
This guys just trying to pass off my old training videos under the guise of entertainment and I’m falling for it
Yup, that's the way it should be. Most of my experience growing up was in little, local stores in towns of 300 to 600 people-very manual & hands on with the best customer service they could do. Now most of my shopping is done in "the hood" where we shop in an independently owned store that's part of a local large chain. When we ask for them to keep a particular item in stock, that they keep running out of, we're like to be told that item is no longer made, except Target across the parking lot has it.  No wonder we now increasingly shop Aldi, except for some items we really love.
Used to be one of them trucks picking stuff up from Aurora, Colorado. Went direct to different stores. Usually in Colorado Springs. It seemed like all those pallets were a discombulated mess. Every time.
Grocery stores have more than just 1 supplier. Oreos for example owned by Lay's and they stock their items. Coke n Pepsi also manage their own stock at Grocery stores. It's even more complicated than you shown.
Except Oreos are a vendor item and that's not how the grocery store gets em. It's even more complicated than you've explained. I thought maybe I'd learn something new but there is more for you to learn about this topic
Thank you for making this video, I appreciate the good in depth content!
'was hoping for something a little more old-school ...
In Moscow in the 1980’s, the Soviet “markets” was not stunning and was not stocked at all most of the time.
That was the beauty of a small mummy-papa owned grocery store. If a certain store did not have something, people would go elsewhere and find it. That way business got distributed and every store owner had something special to sell which could not be found elsewhere.
You have to unfollow me?,,youre sorry?,,,let me help you then..Goodbye....the unfollow video was put right next to this one
Yep
Damnit now I’m hungry
My grandparents owned a general store in a rural town from the 50s until their retirement in the 90s. My dad helped out when he was still living at home, and he said they sold everything.
Walmart is the largest supermarket chain.
For example Lidl in Europe has succeeded with much smaller selection plus periodic items and apparently very effective logistics.
We need stop confusing "developed worlds" with what are actually "urbanized areas"
From the conversations I've had with pallet stackers, the organisation of stock by aisle lasts abput as long as the training phase of their employment.
As someone who works retail: I have never before heard more outlandish bullshit than in this video.
The most amazing thing about all this is the amount of arrogance on the part of politicians and bureaucrats, thinking they can micromanage the whole economy on their own. Though these arrogant a-holes have never worked on a farm, never worked in a grocery store, never driven a truck, nor have ever worked in a factory; they will tell you they can run the whole system better because they have a law degree from Harvard.
It would be good to know how waste and discarded products fit into this.
People will soon watch this video (If possible) as a historic presentation and marvel at those days.  SHTF.
You forgot the assorted fruit preserves
And then, there’s Costco
I think Wendover pinned his Midwesterness when he said ‘KrogerS’
I built a Kroger distribution center in Lancaster Texas there is videos of the first of kind built somewhere else but if you look up occado group Kroger distribution center you can find videos of how the automation works
Someone lied to you about the pallets. Never ask corporate they don’t have any idea about what actually goes on on a daily basis at the store level.
What's up with the weird inflections?
…this started out interesting
Comment for the algorithm
As a Coloradan, it was awesome to see 2 stores I've personally shopped at! Their main warehouse is off I-70 in Denver
Just happened to be curious about logistics in general so I searched it up and found this video. Super duper informative! Thank you for making this vid, great quality and presentation, very helpful and really appreciate it.
There is iconic photo of Yeltsin seeing Western store for the first time. In USSR if he wanted he could order anything in the world through SpecDistribution and get it in days, but not just walk in and buy cheese
Good times produce weak people
In the supermarkets the radio stations transmit trap music to make you wobbly and choose the products they desire. This is illegal and against the law of fair commerce.
I might be super late, but i would find a followup video about the "new" low-cost discounters such as Aldi or Lidl also super interesting. Those are like grocery stores min-maxed to the max.
If cooking at home would be too much waste and too much trash soon spread more disease. What if more convenient store so that no waste and less trash , cheaper and less time consuming,  so either convenient store and quality restaurant then no time waste in cooking and skneesing with poluted air at home and less coach roach
Supermarket sell fresh foods and veges. After fresh foods and veges turn bad. Those wastes will return to farmers as animals feeds and compost for new organic products? Sound like that is not what they are doing. 😂
Alternatively, there is Costco.
Is this video sponsored by Mondoloez ?
I don't know why all grocery stores don't adopt the Aldi style ship and display in the same box model.  I like being able to use the boxes instead of a bag to pack my groceries as well.
This conclusion completely ignores Costco
I work for coca cola, you gotta let flavors get low i believe. Like im sorry someone is upset they cant cant get a 1/2 liter 6 pack of caffeine free diet coke cause it just so happen to ran out at 3pm with more coming tomorrow . Just get a dang 12 pack or 2 liter its not a big deal
Customers who graze in the produce department really hurts the bottom line on thin profit margins. Customers snatching free grapes and cherries is theft
so essentially, one way to fuck with greedy corporate grocery stores.. would be buy those niche products in bulk so the customers who are only loyal because of those products cant get them, which makes the corp loose a customer or forces the store to overbuy that niche product and then you never buy it again and they over bought and loose out on that profit as that product goes bad.
This is fascinating
Ugh it is so... mechanized. 😮
SUPERMARKETS SELL SHIT. WE BUY SHIT EAT SHIT AND TALK SHIT. WE EAT HEAPS TOO  MUCH AND WASTE SOOO MUCH.  	 .
I grew up in the USA - taking grocery stores for granted.  After traveling to different countries & watching videos like this - i am amazing by American grocery stores and will not ever take them for granted!!!   Thank you for this episode!!!!!!!
Idk how you would even organize a pallet based on a store’s aisles without 75% of them collapsing before making it into the trailer
You can easily note the difference in stock levels and general availability of products in grocery stores during Bidenomics, as compared to grocery stores during my entire life…garbage administration!!!! GARBAGE!!!!!!!’
Great job and great, on-spot video.  Though you focus on grocery stores, we at Home Depot deal with the very same issues.  The Inventory Management Software (In our case - "Sidekick" and "Smartlist") is woefully inadequate in reflecting true, actual product "on-hand", as shrewd customers check online before entering our store.  They will be "armed" with on-line data showing our particular store has "x" amount of a product in stock and yet, we have to embarrassingly admit we don't have or, can't find it.  This is usually due to points you mention such as theft/shrink, damaged product the system has not processed yet and, very over looked, simply misplaced.  (Or, stock that was simply misplaced in overhead "bin's" and was inadvertently knocked behind other product in these overhead  "bins/bays" so that the employee cannot physically see where the product listed as "in-stock" actually is.)  IMHO, with experiences at other retailers who use a "back-room" system which, works much better for inventory control, H.D. is a "warehouse store" meaning, there is not any backroom.  Any supposed 'stock on hand', per the inventory system, is "suppossed" to be directly in overhead locations directly above the normal stock shelf spot. (The "home".)  You think the grocery Inventory Management Software is bad? Look at the H.D. system - it's pure chaos and, woefully inaccurate.  To those who like to shop there, please give the "regular" employee there trying to sincerely assist you, a break.  They are honestly trying to help you, in spite of all the aftermentioned.😮
Oh my, now I’m hungry 😅
😃
Human jobs will mosty be gone soon due to AI, automation, etc.
These large supermarkets ... do you know if they write their own in house inventory management system or is it farmed out?
At 11:00; what happens when horrible stores change their planogram which makes it awkward to customers to find stuff and b must throw off the automation system at the warehouse?
The illusion of choice, 2 political parties but 20 types of peanut butter. Smh
I hate when there are 10+ kinds of Triscuits but they're out of the Original.  They do this in part to get more shelf space more than to sell the extra varieties.  Same goes for many other products like cereal, soda, paper products, and shampoos.  It's one reason I like ALDI'S...
I will watch this guy teach me about anything. I’m like “Groceries stores let’s get it can’t wait”
2:19 that is a picture of what used to be a Whole Foods at 5880 Centre Ave, Pittsburgh, Pa 15206
The Kroger DC in Aurora CO  is one of the least efficient I've dealt with. Tolleson AZ Kroger is the other.
thank you so much. I wanted to understand the case, and it really helps.
This makes me want to play factorio something fierce
This man called it "Kroger's", and that calls all of his research into question.
I work in a produce department in a massive grocer, and we have to count inventory daily because of how perishable everything is
I came across your channel today. I live in the Glenwood Springs, CO area. There are so many references to the area in your videos. I love it!
Hey. We are fiberglass mesh company. I hope we can do business in the future
🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
AWESOME  !!!! 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
один из лучших каналов по теме
as someone who lives in a rural mountain town in colorado like mentioned in the video, it'll never not hit me with a wave of amazement when I pick up a banana as a ski snack
Fun fact: "Organic food" can be called organic under certain percentage qulifications (for specifics look it up but...) ACTUAL Organic Food farms, had to go 3 years with clean soil of pesticides-non gmos- making it....well organic!!!  plus one other thing but i forgot that..(ﾉ;//=ヮ=//)ゝ🚁👮 (FDA)
What genre are these kinds of videos? I'm interested in these and the how busineses started and how some made it while others didn't kinds of videos.
Im gonna follow to show my support!
I know supermarkets of yesteryear about the size of a 2 or 3 bedroom apartment today supermarkets about the size of a small Warehouse
wen mama tachibana decides to open her own grocery store, itz over fo da other supermarkets. dey won't be able to compete. 90% off on all products, 24/7, all year round. 💗😂🤫🤭🤯😵💟
01:39 mmm i'd rather stay away from the "other" nut butter
This is extremely misleading. It gives the impression that every product on store shelves is delivered via the stores distribution, but that is patently false. Over 25% of every grocery store is ordered, delivered, and stocked by outside distributors. Many would say the items necessary to have a grocery store in America are handled by outsiders: every brand and store brand bread not baked on premises, coke, Pepsi, all the chip brands, all the alcohol brands.... I could go on.
What would the general subject of this video be called? Just logistics? I’m very interested in all this
The dreaded shrink.
This completely ignored the fact that the American supermarkets insist on using the most inefficient and wasteful step of unpacking every single item to place them on shelves. Why we as Americans insist on it being that way, I'll never understand. When I went to Lidl in Germany and had to take an extra few seconds to pull stuff out of its bulk packaging it didn't ruin my day and I know it saved tens of hours and thousands of dollars when considered across the whole store
14:28 ????
I wish Torx was the standard. It would be a pain to switch but it would save a ton of headaches imo
Strawberries. Strawberries are horrible for grocery management i bet. People see 1 fuzzy strawberry and they leave the whole case in some examples
Aldi, Trader Joe’s, and Costco are examples of stores that stock a lower number of products successfully. Sometimes the choice at regular grocery stores is overwhelming.
When I worked at a store like this the pallets we brought to the shelves to stock were never organized that conveniently. Two adjacent items can all to easily be on opposing size of the aisle. It's probably just due to an incorrect location online, but it's weird to think it is supposed to have a pattern.
As someone who worked in retail as a youngster I always loved how people think the "back" is some magic portal where that single item you want (amongst millions) is hiding in the "back".   Yeah lady we're keeping the gooshu blended yogurt with teatree oil hiding, lemme grab it.   Not how this works lol.
you did very great jop thanks guys
Where I live, vegetables are still seasonal. I mean okra and corn (not frozen) are only at harvest times, if at all. Of course, okra isn't huge here like at home, so sometimes it might be 2 years between sightings, depending on the crop. Most items like cereal, sauces, etc, only have 1 or 2 varieties or vendors. Peanut butter......I buy it all when I see it 🤣
Well, I was going to go to the supermarket and buy a package of cookies.  I've changed my mind and I will bake some.  I wish I could get more of my food sourced closer to home....
i used to work in a grocery  store it was my job to orger stock for the shelves if it was on sale you order xtra sotock and put it on display to pumpe up sales we used to get new stock every other day so theres on xcuse for running out
The internet takes care of a lot of niche products these days. A couple of examples for me (UK)- tonka  beans and masa harina. My shop is entirely driven by niche products- Waitrose for aged beef, Aldi for coffee, Tesco for Clogwyn Gold ( bottle conditioned beer), Coop for bread, independents for Maris Piper potatoes which actually crisp ( supermarkets don’t), fish monger for fish etc
The logistics of my local market (80+ store chain) seems to be to get me used to a product and then routine be out of stock. How does a market not have saltine crackers, at all, any brand?
Remember the Huntley Brinkley news at night?  Or remember Anita Bryant commercials selling Florida's citrus products?
I grew up in San Francisco in the 1950s, where we had our neighborhood stores in addition to the local Safeway. The store was down the corner of our street. It was called was John's Market and John was an old-style Merchant.he was more than happy to take your list, put it together for you and have you come back and pick it up when he was done or you could wait. Depending on how he felt about you, he would let you carry a week's bill through to payday usually on Friday. Now obviously wasn't going to let you buy anything outrageous. He would let you take tuna fish and bread and eggs, milk and the big box of Chex cereal for the kids breakfast on the tab. rarely would he let somebody go more than a week without paying him. If you owed him money, his big strapping teenage son with pound on your door to collect. If you had a good reason why you couldn't pay like laid off, he'd work with you exchanging labor towards your bill.  As John entered his 70s, the business was harder and harder to run so he sold out to a very nice Greek couple. John was the last of that depression era business man.
I think you can only hope everything works that way!!!  Pipe dream.
I'm starting to think this guy lives near Glenwood 🤔🤔🤔
when the supply chain breaks down, we all die..... ⚰
Thank you Wendover Productions in advance.
My favorite grocery store is Aldi's.  Their store size is less than a quarter of a typical supermarket.  They  carry much fewer varieties of product (10 cereals vs 70? for supermarkets), many of which are house brands.  Their quality is good and prices very low.  They open only 10 hours per day and I've never seen more than 5 employees working at a store.  They don't worry about the last 20% that takes up 80% of the effort.
They never have enough of the sale item. By plan.
hahaha our distribution system is so bad. they randomly put things on the palet sometime we even get a palet for the fridge and non-fridge in 1.
thats the problem with my store and even some of the stores we hear about that are near us. We are only allowed to buy a certain amount of the product cuz the producers limit it and therefor it also costs more. For some reason this season we are having issues with cherries and fenne
The Real Saint Michael Arcangel  extreme powerful strength manifestation levitation tv inside me and you inside Sudo UPC 🤯🥵🥶🤡🤐😴😷🤧🤢😵💀👺👹👿👿😈😈😠😠😡😨😰😬😩😖😖😖😖😖🤒🤒🤕🤢🤢🤢🤧☹️😞😟😤😤😭😵😳😱😱😱😱😱😰😰😬😬😨😨😨😺💩💩🤖🤖🤖👾👽👻👻☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️😸😸😹😻😼😼😽🙀😿💩💩💩💩💩💩👦🏿👦🏿👶🏿🙊🙊🙈🙈😾😾😾😾😾🙈🙈🙈🙉🙉👧🏾👧🏾👲🏿👲🏿👱🏾👱🏾👱🏾👴🏿🧔🧑🧑🧑👵⛑⛑🙍🏾‍♀🙍🏾‍♀🙎🏿‍♀🙎🏿‍♀🙎🏿‍♀🤦🏿‍♀🙅🏽‍♀🙅🏽‍♀👩‍🚒👩‍🚒👩‍✈️👨‍✈️👨‍✈️👩‍⚖️👨🏿‍🏭👨🏿‍🏭UPC
5:22 nice teggy
I use to worked in the Loblaws distribution center in canada, this video only went into a fraction of how they work, realistically they could do an entire video on how the  distribution center works.
This so true about customers moving to another competitor for instance, The only reason i buy the 30 pack of eggs from no frills is because i cant get it at freshco, as a result i started buying more stuff at nofrills too.
I used to work in woolworths Australia. I worked there for 8 years. I filled dips, cheese, meets, milk, frogen items such as chips, vegetables, pizza etc, dairy juice were incredible. I missed Australian juice as I moved to Bangladesh.
Sometimes this channel is crazy for me cuz i totally know that city mart. Like anytime Colorado is mentioned i recognize the places.
City Market, was A store where a employee killed his co-workers years A go.
🎶 avacados from mexico 🎶
Man o man, refrigerater. Warfare. 2046. Be “R.E.A.D.Y.”
Bro how did no one notice that he said avocados from Mexico
Well i love grocery stores but not regular shops as they do not have a large variety, you can't spend alot of time without getting weird looks and its generally weird
I love grapes, so the grape part was relatable to me.
It funny there is a town just outside of Ottawa, Canada called Wendover!!!
I'm 59, small town. No supermarkets till I was 7.
I wish he would compare these logistics to Costco
I lived in Glenwood Springs and I know the General Manager. Is there any particular reason why you chose to visit this one ?
10:35 the Target logo you used was for a company in Australia, the US mega multi-billion retailer haves it own original logo. Although the Australia Target based of there logo off the US company.
It is true a store to buy something that the other store didn't have but Walmart off and doesn't have some stuff at most times I usually go to the nearest supermarket
What's sad is to much, to much variety,  to many, and what happens when it's (old) it gets thrown out. Animals and people should benefit the less then perfect food. There is Misfits which I whole heartily endorse. I order online I don't even like going to a grocery store.
the niche product is so true, I keep coming back for Aeon mall for only 5 packs of my favorite ramen and then it turn out tons of other products too
I work in Produce at a prestigious Canadian grocery store, we take inventory at least every second day because of how fast the turnaround of produce is, it's crazy.
I am so sick of YouTubers pay walling their content behind a third party subscription site. Upload the content here or there don’t say “here’s half the info if you want the rest it’s pay per view.”
A GREAT VIDEO AS WE SHOPPERS HAVE NO IDEA OF THE COMPLEXITY OF THIS INDUSTRY. ALL WE KNOW IS WHAT WAS SAID FOR IF A CERTAIN PRODUCT IS OUT OF STOCK IN ONE FAVORITE STORE, ANOTHER ONE TWO BLOCKS AWAY WILL DO AND PERHAPS WE'LL TEND TO STAY WITH THAT SECOND STORE. NOT ONLY THIS BUT SHOPPING ONLINE IN THE MIDST OF A RAGING SNOWSTORM WHERE WE CAN JUST GO ONLINE AS WITH AMAZON AND WITHIN A DAY RECEIVE EVERYTHING WE DESIRE.
No mention of 3rd party vendors?
Amo como estadunidense não consegue pesquisar por 10 segundos se tem países que as pessoas não moram dentro de Walmart
Missed in the video is how a tiny disruption of a key point in the supply chain can have very dire consequences for the consumer.  If one sorting facility may be responsible for an entire state's food supply, then a disruption there means chaos downstream and unruly consumers.  But society wants the lowest price, regardless of potential consequences.
Bro wth doxing my local city market like seriously lol
As someone who struggles with decision making and who is happier eating food I'm comfortable with, personally wish we still had smaller shops with much less variety. It's pretty much the same in the UK except for there's probably even less grocery store competition - there's literally only Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Sainsburys that compete, although tesco comes out on top almost every year due to their early implementation of a Clubcard which I assume gives them tonnes of shopper insight data to work from. It gives the best coupons too, so even when other stores began their own loyalty system, no one has really overtaken the popularity of Tesco.   I just wanna eat spaghetti bolognese every day :')
How does it work when we see vendors in supermarkets directly stocking shelves?
Dude the small town markets exist in India.
i wish our pallets were built like that, we get everything from every aisle in the store all in the same pallet 😅
As a person who has worked with Supermarket Supply Chains, I found this click bait in my side bar list of interest...  I did find an egregious error in your video.  The first supermarket was NOT in the USA. The first Supermarket was in Glasgow a very Long time before the concept arrived in the USA.   ***The modern supermarket chain can be said to have originated with Thomas Lipton, whose first shop opened in Glasgow in 1871. By 1914 he had 500 outlets. His success was based on bulk purchasing a limited range of goods and selling them at cut-price rates with low-profit margins.
Too many things to go wrong. In 1906, Alfred Henry Lewis stated, “There are only nine meals between mankind and anarchy.”
This is for the US market. Corner stores abound here in Canada.
I'm not sure that a bar chart where the "Other" bar is >40% can indicate "incredible consolidation".  The meaning of this probably should have been at least touched on.
Working at a regional grocery store (Wegmans), there's also Direct Store Delivery vendors or DSDs like Poke/Pepsi/FritoLays that do all their own logistics.  For slow moving items we use a 3rd party warehouse (UNFI, I believe the largest 3rd party warehouse) that multiple chains use, so that we're not the only ones going through that one pallet. For even slower movers they also provide services that break down cases and ship you mixed boxes of things you might only want like 3 of for the week.
10:45 I wish it was actually like that working at Walmart. All the locations for the items are completely wrong and are slightly moved every week. There’s is constantly stuff that doesn’t fit on the shelf causing other items to be moved
10:45 I wish it was actually like that working at walmart
I use to work at Walmart and people would always complain about the shelf’s being empty and one thing people don’t realize is how much stuff is actually being bought. We could over stock the whole meat section Saturday morning and by 4pm it’s all gone and there’s only so much we could actually fit in the store. Same for milk and water and eggs. It’s not that we are doing a terrible job keep the selves stocked. It’s that there’s only so much we could fit in the store each day
Trader Joe’s seem to be the only chain that breaks the large inventory model
The next best thing that just isn't here yet is a more efficient grocery system.
The only error in this video is the pronunciation of 'Krogers.' - it's Kroger! No S!
me, losing my mind that out of all the grocery stores they choose, they choose the one i go to in colorado 😂😂😂
Cincinnati isn’t an east coast city…
I will say, the hardware compartment of the Lowe's I worked in (my department as well) literally lost 12 dollars every two weeks (people steal the one bolt they need) at the most. We knew where everything was, how many we had, and when we got new ones. Good thing about hardware, is that the parts don't expire, and are available year-round unlike citrus fruits.
Bruh you want a world without supermarkets go to Louisiana. There's literally 100miles of nothing but catfish and boiled peanuts
I feel like there are at least 3 other videos in this one for particular points Walmarts supply chain strategy, state run supply chain,
@14:20 that's what I'm interested in State run, practically, govt sponsored, supply chain
@12:00 very important or unique point!
I've worked some of the higher tier grocery stores in the area, They price higher to keep the minorities out. Nuff said.
But only 2 choices for president. You can see what we are truly allowed to pick
Capitalism at its best
Supermarkets are good but I go regularly to my local fruit and vegetable market and it's as handy. So, my point is that if we go back to what we had 70 years ago it won't ruin my life.
Seems like ordering in the US happens automatically. When I worked at a big German supermarket in 2014, I had some isles "assigned" to me where I would do the ordering manually by going around the isles after stocking up, looking what's empty, but also knowing what products where bought often and seeing a stock count of our warehouse. And then I'd estimate how much I'll need for the week. But yes, German supermarkets aren't as freaking enormous as in the US  EDIT: HOLY FUCK 2014 IS ALMOST 10 YEARS AGO. It feels like only a few years ago... damn
You can barely imagine the old days before computers and bar codes, where the local grocer had to do inventory and logistics by hand. He had to either mentally or pencil and paper, keep track of every item in the whole store. What an unbelievable job that must have been. Everything had to be priced by hand, too. The checkout girls and women were masters of memory and logistical intelligence. They pretty much had to be.
I work in a distribution centre. There are 2 things to understand about how pallets are organised, because it's not by their location on the shelves at the store.   1. They're organised by weight. The heavy stuff goes on the bottom, the light stuff goes on the top. This makes the pallet more stable. Putting the heavy things on top may also crush some of the lighter things, for example you would not put lots of pasta sauce on top of crisps (chips for you Americans). The heavier things will therefore be located at the front of the picking aisle, and it's a 1 way system.   2. By shape/size. There are certain patterns to how products will fit together. It makes your job much harder and slower if you try to play a game of tetris, much easier and faster if you already know where everything is going. Typically, you will spilt the pallet into zones (⅓, ⅛, etc) and after enough time you'll be familiar with all the products enough to know in which of these zones they fit. This is the part that takes longest for a picker to learn, so many of the newer pickers mess this up and create weird looking pallets.  I also used to work in a supermarket, and we used to change the location of our stock fairly frequently, probably more than you'd expect. On night shift, we would change product locations (mostly either end of aisle or season products), do stock counts and make sure the store is in a clean and acceptable state in addition to our main responsibility of stocking products. The spots for the products change enough to where the distribution centre can't really be expected to update to product placement on the pallets to that degree.   I can't speak for the automated distribution centres, since I don't have experience there. It's possible that optimising the placement is a feature of automation, but it's definitely not a feature of manual distribution centres. It would create way too much chaos for us.
Krogers?  Really! Lol
Worked at Trader Joe’s…There is no order of operation to the pallets, we just “swarmed” at the end of the night and faced it up 😅
I'm glad I'm not the only one obsessed with logistics
Most of the items sold in supermarkets including “natural” stores is absolute garbage. Companies selling the Franken foods should be in prison.
Love to browse grocery stores and this one is right up my alley.  Thank you. ❤
Plus shopping online.  I've found wonderful Christmas cookies like Grandma used to make at Swiss Colony.  Nothing like it (well, remotely like it but very poor quality) in my local stores.     Another time I wanted a product, gone, asked a store clerk, checked his computer and insisted they still had plenty.  This happened twice.  Third time I asked him to come over to the refrigerated shelves to find "plenty".  Nope.  Dug around a little, still no.     Unknown if it was inventoried wrong or stolen, but at least I wasn't imagining things.     This was a carrot cake, originally "Oregon Farms", bought out by Sara Lee.  It was packaged small, was easily lost in the Sara Lee display, and sales plummeted.  So they discontinued it.  Occasionally I search for carrot cake online (gave up on my local bakeries) and it's funny how many people remember it and lament it's passing.     More trivia:  Paw Paws are a wild fruit in southern Michigan.  Wonderful taste.  But they start rotting the MOMENT they come off the tree and it goes fast.  So it's a farm stand sort of product, but no stores carry them.
Yeah that loading to ship to the market part is terrible no accountability for concept of hey should I put this heavy thing over these bags flour I work Walmart
It's *Koger*, not "Kroger's" enough with that nonsense
As a truck driver of 21 years, let me expound upon the STUPIDLY INEFFICIENT system of grocery deliveries. Yes trucks bring food to grocery stores, but they pick up the food at grocery warehouses ownened by the chain of stores in a location designated ad a central distribution point for that region, yet the food and paper products l, pet food, cand and various other crap, not stocked in store by Coca-Cola,Pepsi or the local beer and wine/liquor distributor dependent upon state laws, is shipped into the distribution centers by trucks from random trucking companies, usually the big names Swift, Werner, J.B. Hunt, Crete/Shafer, and the driver of the truck being unloaded is forced to pay a fee typically ranging from $75 to $700 to be unloaded by a "lumper service" who are defacto employees of the D.C. , but at the same time, technically not affiliated with the company receiving the product, for which the driver is typically penalized on the same week's check, yet reimbursed on the next check, with no regard for the driver's mortgage payment due this week for which the driver upcharges the trucking company through detention time, for the inconvenience of having to get an EFS or Comcheck against his/her own wages from the trucking company that usually takes 2 hours plus and the trucking company upcharges the broker for the inconvenience and the broker upcharges the reciever for this usually 3x as much as the upcharges they receive and finally the shipper upcharged the broker for dealing with this idiocy and bills it back to the buyer, aka the grocery chain at 5x the rate charged by the lumper service and the circle is finally complete with the lumpers getting paid $20 per hour to unload trucks and count/verify freight and each step along the way tagging on double or triple fees for paying the lumpers above the lumper's charges to unload and count the freight, at the ultimate expense of the customer of the store paying $5 for $3 worth of groceries so the grocery chain can onpaper maybe save $.05 by not technically hiring the lumpers or providing them with benefits while charging the whole stupidly INEFFICIENT system back to the consumer at twice the price you should be paying for bananas or spegetios or whatever. Litterally, grocery prices are artificially inflated via an archaic system that MIGHT have once made sense in 1930. We're all being forced to pay twice as much for groceries to convince grocery store executives that are stupid enough to believe that their statistics are truthful, though all of them must at least hold a bachelor's degree and have surely taken statistics as a prerequisite as I did in college and they should know that ALL statistics are lies. The who l e system is a hugely INEFFICIENT scam and groceries should be 1/2 the price were it not for these idiotic decisions of obviously stupid people who run their distribution systems. Walmart is the best and dollar general is litterally the worst. I won't ever accept a dollar general load as they're just too idioticly expensive and every delivery appointment is late at night and they don't allow truckers to park for the night. They're the worst offenders and the very least organized, though Walmart is the best grocery store chain, they leave MUCH to be desired and fail completely, to allow parking but at least they realize the folly of the lumper system and have actual employees unload trucks and avoid doubling the cost of delivering the products they order, otherwise they suck too.
The algorithm punishes? Really? The concept of punishment requires nuances that an algorithm or AI lack. Sounds like someone is missing their competition trophy. Great video content though.
Grocery stores do not run inventory every 1-2 months like you said lol trust me
Well run distribution centers and stores that communicate with them have pallets that correspond with where items are in the store. But I can tell you for my store in a small Wisconsin town. That is no longer the case. Usually things were grouped by 2/3 isles per pallet. Now it can be upwards of like 6-8 isles per pallet. It takes so much longer to break them down then it used to.
not the case in other countries.
I think most people in the developed world know what it's like to shop in small grocery shops. Outside of North America we have one around every corner.
I grew up with a city market my hometown in Wyoming🥰
Thank you@Wendover Productions for this informative video. Much appreciated.
This is such a sad modern marvel
The only thing I know about the stores in my town..... They don't have what I want now....how fucked up
Banal, thanks for the new word
How did you learn all of this?
This section on peanut butter made me smile for some silly reason.
Okay, but what the hell is that woman holding at 14:29 ??
As a stocking 2 coach for walmart. This is exactly how walmart stocks freight.
As a store associate of a large retailer, this video was extremely well made. I have to planograms every 2 weeks, while we get truck drop-offs every week. We have to deal with unexpected recalls for name-brand products, as well as even store brand, which could take hours to get through. I find it quite interesting to think that our store brand packaging was made by another company or one that is owned by my company and the contents inside were from another company. Our pallets (or totes) are usually curated on a store-by-store basis, as our company individually decides what the store layout is. Everything in the totes are grouped together by aisle, making it easier to unload products onto shelves and such.
I've worked at numerous grocery stores at different levels and I'm pretty sure no company pallets groceries by where they come in the aisle. Usually they aren't even palleted by aisle and you have to do that at the store level when you unload.
It surprised me looking at it too. Recently I went to Walmart and thought of making pasta with imitation crab. Everytime I been to walmart in my area, they always had it in stock. I love imitation crab as snacks. But for the first time ever, they only had the crab snacks. I was so sad! But it’s amazing that it’s always there… except when I want it
Where I live in Canada the shelves are all still full, but the number of products to select from for a certain product is much less than a year ago. And then again we all hear the same catch all lame excuse "supply chain problems".
San Joaquin Valley does have a scary history with grapes. The world likes the goodness.
Boris Yeltsin resigned and denounced communism over his trip to America where he saw the abundance of products and food  in a grocery store
Hey, that's my Fairway in NYC!
None of these products are healthy or fresh,not even the produce thats labled "Organic". Why would such a toxic WASTEFULL system be enabled to operate much longer? it's no wonder why everyone remains completely ignorant to the eminent Solar Flare Threat. Communities should start gearing up and prepping for in town, in city grow(s) to provide food without the use of the Power Grid.
All that stuff about pallets and how they're constructed... doesn't reflect reality, in my experience. I haven't worked for every supermarket by any means, but I've worked for some of the big names, and the trend is actually moving away from pallets towards floor stacking trucks with a few pallets for certain products. Also, the whole thing about product being sorted by position in the store is something that the logistics side of every company i've worked for in this sector has banged on about, tried with "modernizations" and all... buuuut it never works lmao, ultimately that sort still has to happen in the store, and even then it's almost never done so granularly as to have things organized by position in aisle. Everywhere i've worked, you're lucky to have stuff broken down by aisle period, and usually oyu just get a few carts that have merchandise for a specific section of the store.
>manually counting inventory every month or so  lol. lmao, even. more like once a year, if you're lucky, if my work experience is any indication.
When this guy has shower thoughts... he then makes YouTube videos about them LOL nice
You should do a video on distribution centers alone! Include information about commodity buyers, more information on receiving process, manual selection process and automation advantages and disadvantages.
Disappointing you didn't address wastage
Who decides they like Wal Mart more…should I be concerned? 😂
Life hasn't necessarily become harder in the last century or so but it sure has become more complicated.
Hmm.....using Glenwood Springs as the example, that mean you live there? I want to one day go to that crazy theme park one day. Finally was going to go but with the forest fire, I'm pretty sure it would have been closed
rice bitz
Wish you had a logistics related podcast with episodes like these!
I wish the pallets where done that way ahahahahah they are always messy and u need to manual check each box to see if they are okay and stuff it’s always a mess 😅
Obligatory "this video should be shown in schools" comment
I work at Whole Foods and was shocked how much food are wasted due to spoilage, shrinkage and step downs
This is a year old and all I can tell you is it's gotten whakier and it's only gotten worse and will prolly continue to do so much to my chagrin
This palletizing automated machine makes me wonder what the f was I doing manually stocking shelves and cutting boxes open all these years
This is why I don't understand people(s) who are adamant to be entirely self sufficient. The entire global supply chain has grown so incredibly expansive and complex. If one person were to be entirely self sufficient and to make even something as simple as a BLT sandwich from scratch all by themselves. It would be ridiculously difficult and expensive
LOL This is a very US based/biased information.  If you travel outside of the US and western Europe you can see that many countries still have dedicated and specialized stores for your meats, poultry, bread, and fruits, veggies and common items.
Extremely useless video.
I thought this was a serious, well-informed video until I heard the line "decide they like Walmart more". No, nobody prefers Walmart. People shop at Walmart because they have no other choice. Hell, places like Target have less selection and higher prices but are still kept afloat entirely by virtue of not being Walmart
As an employee, at store level, minute 11:01 made me laugh
Oreo's is a bad example in this video because Kroger doesn't actually stock those themselves. Nabisco has its own warehouses and vendors that are responsible for that product. This is the same for all of the bread in the bread isle (including Hostess like products, Tasty Cakes, Little Debbie's etc.). Name Brand Soda, Beer, locally sourced dairy products, like certain cheeses, milk, eggs and butter. And locally sourced products in general that set up distribution with individual stores or buy floor space.   Also Computer Assisted Ordering (CAO) at Kroger doesn't predict sales based on demand then. It compiles demand via previous years sales data. So its up to the Grocery Manager, or other department leads to determine the demand for goods and make adjustments to CAO. Granted it does a good enough job that for most products you don't have to sit there and adjust things to order the right amount. But when I was ordering I usually had to adjust 100s of items because they sold the year prior but weren't selling now.
Lol 😂 boi distribution isn’t efficient? Let me tell you this Walmart has the most efficient supply chain in the world everyone envy’s Walmart for their efficiency I work for a Walmart grocery distribution center and let me tell you the inbound, order filling, and outbound process is all extremely fast-paced. I can’t really explain the details of how things work due to Walmart’s strict social media policies about revealing internal information about operations to others.
But of course we can just put it all on pause for a few months and resume whenever we want.  Because politicians are super smart.  Just a wave of the hand.
We recommend watching this video. For a non specialized channel, you make awesome documentaries about logistics
I work in the beer and wine department at a grocery store, and basically all you hear is people complaining about how certain things are out of stock and don’t realize the logistics of wine and beer. Half of the wines we sell are from out of the country. Normally 2 years before hand the vineyard had to plan out exactly how many barrels they should produce for certain markets and how much they think they’ll sell 2 years from now. Keep in mind grapes can be very difficult to grow it’s not like a thing of corn. Then they have to ship it half way around the world. And keep in mind only a certain amount of places on earth have the right climate for growing grapes. And the alcohol industry is different bc legally in the United States there has to be a 3 tier system. There has to be a supplier and a distributor and a retailer. So the grocery store is counting on two different companies to order the right amount. And yet Sandra is complaining bc her special New Zealand sauv blanc is out, while there’s 30 other New Zealand sauv blancs on the shelf. People are so spoiled
maybe its just my local walmart but every single time i go, at least 3 items i want are ALWAYS out of stock, despite the staff seemingly constantly stocking shelves. this def pushes me to go to target and publix instead even though the prices are higher, because i'm clearly paying for a better shopping experience and less frustration, i only go to walmart now if i absolutely Have to
Wait…when visualizing a year on a clock face, who doesn’t put January at 6:00-7:00 and August at 1:00-2:00?
John 3:16-21 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.
5:14 bruhhh look at that dude 🤣🤣
I have never seen a kroger lmao
woohoo shout out to heinens
You just answered like ten questions I had as I walked around Fry's.
30,000 choices and they're all made from the same 4 ingredients: corn, soy, sugar, and wheat. And we wonder why we have modern disease.
Who doesn’t know?
2:51 Top 4: Walmart, Krogers, Other 4:11 Bar Codes, Inventory Management Software, Manual Counting 5:40 Ideal Season Sales
YouTube is the greatest entertainment tool in the history of mankind. Access to anything EVER about anything EVER.   Me: THE LOGISTICS OF GROCERY STORES LETS GOOOO
Amazing vídeo 👏🏿👏🏿👊🏿🇧🇷🇧🇷
What always amazes me is that if you look around everything is produced by some company. Not that shocking, but remember that ugly lamp, that weird flower pot my grandma has, the offbrand tape I use all gets produced in a factory somewhere and has 100s of people involved in it's processing from raw resource to storefront.
Biden Turnips from Delaware.
More like the ILLUSION of choice. A large percentage of items in grocery stores are all owned by the same 10 companies, regardless of what "brand" is on the box, bag, or bottle
I’ve worked in retail for over 10 years and the fact that you can’t just make more fucking grapes when they sell out in 2022 is astonishing.
Krogerssssssss
The Problem With America's Logistics Is That It Functions On Ideal Standards That Are Impossible The Americans Don't Account For Things Such As Truck Accidents Leading To Product Shortages See Those of Us In The Locust Horde Actually Had To Account For A Yearly Shortage Caused By Shuttle Accidents This Means For Every 100 Products We Send Out Only 50 Are Likely To Arrive At Their Intended Destination Trucks Have The Advantage of Being Overloaded While Shuttles Simply Can't Be Overloaded Because Shuttles Simply Won't Launch When Overloaded You Can Still Drive A Truck When It's Overweight But When A Shuttle Is Overweight It Can't Takeoff So Yeah Americans Are Gonna Have To Start Loosen Up Some Regulations or Just Let The Economy Collapse It Really Doesn't Matter Much To Me Because You See Either Way The Rich Get Richer And The Poor Get Poorer So There's No Real Incentive To Even Contribute To The Solution
I went and count find my prefered product of chicken slices sausage (for your bread, its geschnittere geflügelwurst in german) so after 3-5 tries and unable to find what i wanted i now go instead shopping at an edeka to the lidl almost right next to it since they have it almost everytime!
So interesting
At the Walmart I work at, we are the only big name super market in our county, a smallish county in Alabama with a population of 44,000 people.. the next closest supermarkets are about 30 minutes away, and our store made $90,000,000 last year.. pretty dang crazy if you ask me lol
Freakin crazy
except with smaller neighborhood stores at like 4:20 talking about inventory, at my walmart if the distrubution center fucks up and doesn't send something, or the department manager doesn't fix their counts properly it will get ugly fast and counts are never accurate. The system sucks balls
I waiting for the airline or plane information insert
It almost never works like that with the pallets being stacked sensibly, they’re usually fucking random
It's true. When supermarket A stopped stocking my favorite brand of chilled fruit juice, I took my entire weekly shop to  supermarket B that still stocks it. No way I'll travel to B just to get the juice, so tough titties to A for dropping the product.
The niche product thing reminded me about this couple that comes to the store I work at once...every two-ish months and just buys a shitload of seltzer water. I'm talking over a hundred bottles. They never get anything else, but they only get it from our store because we're the only one that has it in the flavors they like. I don't even blame them it's pretty good
I feel like everyone should be dropped in the woods for a week to fend for themselves every few years. I think it would make people appreciate all the work that goes into making society function and quit complaining about trivial stuff like a long line at Starbucks. All the stuff we have built around us has further removed us from the fact that we are just another species of mammal trying to survive.
I hate that this guy says "groshery" and "Krogers"
Most pallets in warehouses in distribution, Walmart, Kroger, etc... are stacked by humans, the amount of overhauling and maintenance for an automation system typically deters most, I'd say 88% of warehouses, from automation
I worked at a Fred Meyer and we tried our best to make sure perishables got back on the shelf asap if a customer decided they didn't want it, but when they didn't, we had a "no restock" cart up at the desk so we could keep track of *some of the items that couldn't go back Other things that would go in the no restock cart were damaged products, mouldy fruit, etc
Every time I go into a Kroger store and look around at everything, I wonder how in the heck can they manage all this stuff. And that's just 1 store in 1 county in 1 state. Kroger runs several THOUSAND stores. And they're just 1 chain. Logistics are a modern marvel.
One of your most comprehensive useful videos. But I still love the others, too.
Bruh
I tried python code. This is helpful. Now I’m using pluto io as it is more easier for me and faster to try automations without spending a ton of hours. I also tested meta, etc. with okay results.
I work as an order selector as a distribution center and I can say that we dont (or cant) build the pallets in a way that makes sense usually. We get told what to grab through our headset and we go up and down isles in order of where they are on the shelf at the distribution center. That means we build pallets in the fastest way possible to us and not really in a way thats best for the store. Its really just heavier things on the bottom and lighter things on top. On top of that, we need to build them fast because we are timed with very small leeway so the pallets often end up messy because we are running from slot to slot and jumping on and off our pallet jack while its moving. This is probably not the case for everyone but it should at least explain some of the issues people are having in the comments here.
Being from western Colorado deadass got whiplash when he brought up City Market. I think I've actually been to the Glenwood City Market. No doubt.
Interest to know that non-popular items may help to keep more customers
I work at the Kroger Aurora facility.  How did you get your information for this video? It's pretty spot on
I work at the Whole Foods at 2:19!
In New Zealand there are only 2 parent companies for our supermarket chains, so we get screwed blue. The Government is like the Yes Minister show. In that show the less you intend to do about a problem, the more you talk about it. 🙄
The crazy thing is even though a store has about 30k items across the different stores the company I work at sells over 200k different products.
Some years ago, I knew the proverbial  little old lady who didn't drive (I fixed her car so she COULDN'T drive as she was a hazard).  I would run errands and grocery shop for her.  One time she gave me a list and among them was "sanitary pads".  Just the brand name, no other info.  I am standing in this aisle full of products, heavy days, light days, overnight, scented, unscented and on and on.  As I am standing there with a confused look on my face, another woman shopper asked what I was looking for and showed her the list.  Well, she wasn't specific enough as there were about 30 different products (see above) by the same manufacturer.  So, we made the best educated guess we could (and of course I was wrong, so I made her cut off the box end so I could get EXACTLY what she wanted).  She said her husband would NEVER be caught dead in "the aisle".  I told her I had 2 sisters and my mother plus my wife and it didn't bother me.  She laughed and I said it's easier for us guys.  Boxers or briefs.  OK, we DO have different styles, but NOT A WHOLE DAMN AISLE FRONT TO BACK in the grocery store.  So, yes, it is a nightmare to try to keep just the right amount of product on the shelves.  Computers have made a whole lot of difference, but still takes humans to decode and verify.
11:10, I'd love to see that forkie pick up that pallet from the side . . .
@15:11 - Do we modern consumers really need a convenience of having 30,000 food items available at a moment's notice?
Why mango is squash
3:48 jesus fucking christ do you think they got enough surveillance on the chips? they treat it like nuclear warheads
Ugh. Needs a different voiceover. Unlistenable.
I wish for a world where artisanal shops are the norm again. People will have more life satisfaction seeing one product from start to finish, have more control over their lives, and will enjoy smaller tight-knit communities. No more huge mega-corps that are essentially as strong as a country, that are interwoven into LITERALLY everything else; From what we consume with our mouths and eyes, to how the government decides how to run our lives, to waste production and pollution, you really can't escape mega-corps. And we should. We shouldn't just treat this Earth like our playground; we cannot have everything, all the time. That's just not natural.
Well done video
Why does this guy stretch out the end of certain words sometimes? It's so weird, and I have misophonia so I find his videos unlistenable. It's a shame because I'm autistic and I'm really interested in this type of stuff! If it didn't happen so often it would be more tolerable but it just is so irregular it throws off my brain's expectation of flow, and due to my neurobiology, it's extremely unpleasant.
I work at a grocery store and wanted to look this up.
As I understand it, Sears was an early pioneer of automated inventory software. However they learned a hard lesson whenever there would be a run on a particular premixed paint color. If a store that averaged sales of a couple of gallons of a color a week suddenly sold twenty gallons of that color, they would receive pallets of that color! Eventually Sears learned to flag these anomalies for human review.
Go Colorado & hometown Aurora!
South American fruit is gross.
Except today everyone is getting cancer and autism and anxiety and depression. I still eat the old way. The chickens I eat are raised outside my house. Supermarket is poison, has no taste, no flavour, and lacking nutrients. You can taste how shit it is.
As someone who works for inventory management for a producer that supplies the DCs, I'd like to see you go further up into the chain to see how that all works
Hi. When a noun starts with a vowel sound, the pronunciation of the definite article is the same as every time you say it in this video. That is, it sounds like "thee." However, when the noun starts with a consonant sound, such as in "car" or "concrete," the definite article is pronounced "thuh." If it's confusing, you can use this trick: Just use the indefinite article for the noun, and then remember that if the indefinite article is "an," the definite article is pronounced "thee," but if it's "a," it's pronounced "thuh." It helped me when I started out learning English. Cheers, and thanks for the video 😊
what's the "people view this as problematic" stuff?
City Market, was the, this store is where one kid shot his fellow employees, shot his salf. 😪sad.
niche  /niCH,nēSH/  Not neesh.
Well done.
Super margets are not sustainable. In order to get profit they have to use predatory pricing, Ignore enviormental damage, Human damage, Moral degradetion(propably spelled wrong), Cheap labor, Human control since its litearly a suctions to the middle class wealth, so in order to sustain themselfs they need to control you, Food poisoning , reduction in quality of products and many more. In there business model has been ILLEGAL for centuries for a reason.
Well...that got all messed up totally at my local Florida Publix supermarket. I have to date it we have 03/31/22
Kroger's upcoming generation of fulfillment centers is even more insanely automated. They partnered with a UK grocery company that utilizes an automated fleet of robots in place of conveyors where possible. It's a nightmare to get up and running, but once it's running the increase in efficiency is alarming.
Lol u from the Midwest? Calling it “Kroger’s”🤣
Hmm. Seems this channel uses the same stock video and voice ai as half as interesting.
American grocery store monopoly ain't got shit on Australia. Coles or woolworths,if you live close enough maybe an aldi.
You know it goes to a point I was making to a friend of mine a while back... She was talking about how useless humans are etc. And I just challenged with it's negative 20 degrees. We are sitting in a building made of steel and glass in our T-shirts, working and communicating with people from across the globe, eating Tuna and fresh sushi in a landlocked European country. I think civilization is doing a great f-in job all things considered.
I was thinking it was ridiculous to have 30 000 different products in a store when I only ever buy the same ten or so items, but it makes a lot of sense when realizing that they're always of my preferred brand. Still though, it's not like I wouldn't buy any other brand if they stopped selling mine, but maybe I'm less picky than the average person. Who knows.
We don't NEED thousands options.
I'd like to point out that the 2 biggest things making modern stores possible is preservatives and genetical modification. Food would spoil before even reaching the stores if not.
Avocados from mexico🎶🎶
Not anymore..
whenever wendover says 'you see', you know its gonna get complicated
Publix holds more than target!? How does that work?
I used to work in beverage sales and one of the biggest things that mess up automatic stock is cashier laziness. A lot of brands have multiple same priced flavors and they will just scan one for all flavors and you end up with big variances in the system and now most major grocery stores use an automatic reorder that they just hand us when we arrive
Ooh
Yep. Our ancestors did their grocery shopping in a completely different way than we do.
And then France, the country that revolutionnized retail while maintaining localized markets as the premium offer
Robots breaking down, storing in a giant vending machine, and putting together pallets eh … that is a fantasy..
Kroger: has 10 brands of ketchup  Aldi: KETCHUP IS KETCHUP
stocking at weis the palettes we get are literally 70% random sorting through everything adds hours extra work
Good god man, are you really going to list every type and brand of peanut butter ever made!? Yeah, I get it, there are a lot of choices making logistics even more challenging. Turned the video off at that point, clearly nothing new nor interesting here.
I always figured stores had a way of estimating how much of each product they'd sell and just putting that into the next week's order. Perhaps I was wrong.
Is this dude from Colorado? He keeps bringing up city's in Colorado in different kinds of videos.
Being a warehouse selector and hearing about automatic selecting makes me cringe at the fact that my job will pretty much be non existent in possibly if not most likely the near future.
I worked in the process management part of supermarket warehouse distribution. Christmas is fun, especially when one crucial item is out of stock, you only have to whisper "sour cream" into my ear while sleeping to guarantee me a nightmare.
I just realized he knows about HEB.
What I don't get is why stores will order a ton of a particular brand, or flavor of something, and most of it sits on the shelf when the flavor next to it is often almost sold out, or sold out.  I mean, they have software that shows them purchase history and frequency, heck the small business Red Wing software the industrial supply place I worked at in high school had that twenty years ago.  It sure is frustrating. But the whole just-in-time logistics is definitely amazing. As long as things are functioning normally...
The soggy layer consequentially ask because sort ontogenetically bless into a cumbersome church. zesty, curved shoe
Publix by far has one of the worst systems for ordering. It’s always off, and is ancient. Not to mention pallets are never stacked efficiently. We would have 1-2 pallets collapse per truck
god damn it intro too long
Logistics of modern supply and demand in any consumer market, is what nightmares are made of. There are so many variables that have to be accounted for, that it takes months of planning to ensure you've got a plan for a single distribution center. Then you still have to build it and fix all the problems that will arise, meaning you have to add _more_ variables to the already extensive plan and the plan must have room for those variables, as well as all future variables that will present themselves as more products enter the market, than those that exit it.
There’s no “S” in “Kroger” unless I’m a nutter
You can never eat enough grapes.  I take my grapes very seriously.
HA!  Costco.  Less is More!
this is appreciating everyone working under the umbrella of "supermarkets" in a whole new level. heck, watching this video made me want to work to some random warehouse or grocery store to see this action myself but then i remembered i am far too lazy for this kind of jobs and frankly more power to the people who work in this fields and even factory guys too!  you guys are very essential if not the most of what makes the world go around.   on the other hand, fuck efficiency and on the other other hand i would fuck efficiency.
This is very interesting to learn about.
As someone who grew up in Northern California, that grape harvesting window mentioned at 7:18 sounds absolutely miserable to work in
is that the heinens at Chagrin Falls, Ohio?
Do you live in Colorado? I feel like Colorado cities are commonly used as examples ;)
no one cares about curiosity stream! end the spam! you get a thumps down for the spam!
sweet onions are a perfect example of a fresh product that has had multiple varieties of it developed to grow in 3 more distinct locations - the original Vadallia Georgia USA harvests first (June July ) while Texas, Mexico and Peru are harvested variously thru out the rest of year - one available at a time so sweet onions are con’t available through the year - sweet onions don’t hold up in long term storage - so this was incredible advancement for those of us who can only eat sweet onions - I’ve been called many things in my 62 yrs - have never been called niche 😂🤣
"Nobody knows what grocery stores were 100 years ago" and then describing typical post-soviet grocery store lol
Any store that always has Cholula hot sauce of any kind diserves my loyalty
It's sad, that such videos completely lose their appeal once you spot the first false fact.
It’s definitely crazy. Here I am just one small piece of the logistics for food distribution. I earn a living as a truck driver hauling food within my city Oxnard California.. we have a port with ships that go to and come from Central America. I transport literally millions of pounds of frozen fries also melons blueberries onions apples and other fruits.. and there are millions of other drivers doing the same
F U Curiosity stream
13:00 that's a ton of security cameras omg.
This is neat to rewatch now because since last time I watched it I got a part time gig at a grocery store
14:27 SAM WHAT IS SHE HOLDING
The place where I live there is no grocery store. I have to pick things up from shops for particular items.
10:39 is a lie and if u have ever worked in a grocery store you know that
The first letter of each month from July to November spell 'Jason'. 7:31
in australia our stupid pm sco-mo sells all the produce over seas and we end up with nothing so our supermarket shelves are always empty
no one is saying anything about that old man casually driving an integra lol
I hate too much choice on shelves. Thats why I buy all food online on Amazon. Then i can repeat my order, saves time and hassle. I must admit however that I tend to buy where my favourite chocolate bars are, so there is some truth in what you said.
This was a very interesting video. It’d be cool to see a video regarding the psychology behind the layout of super markets
As someone who works in retail, this is very interesting to me
What I've found interesting in the last 2 years is seeing where the system develops cracks. For example, from what I've heard there isn't a shortage of what makes cat food, but it's been harder for them to get the materials for cans. Recently as well I've noticed it was hard to get pasta sauce for a while, but now it's back except 90% of them have gone back to glass jars instead of plastic. Not to mention for most of the last 2 years it's been difficult to impossible for me to reliably find one of my personal comfort foods, Spaghetti-Os or canned Spaghetti, I heard this one was because of problems in the supply chain for semolina wheat.  It's frustrating as a shopper because I know it's skewing the numbers the grocery store puts out, which mean they may eventually stop carrying it altogether since they don't know I want a thing they haven't had in stock.
Me watching this as a grocery store worker
Nut butter lol
Lol pallets are never organized
just forgot to mention that a lot of items in store doesn't BELONG to the store. Store rents shelf space so manufacturers can fill them with their stuff. And Manufacturer is responsible for delivery,  storage and filling the shelves. Off course, there is limited space for manufacturer in warehouse storage and they can't just have empty shelves as it is negative impact to manufacturer and store itself. And there can be fierce competition who gets more shelf space like Coke vs Fanta vs Dr Pepper. That's why lots of smaller business license their products for bigger businesses so they can get piece of that shelf space in big supermarket. For promotions, the manufacturer representative (seller) works with store representative for promotion location, size, price etc so it is beneficial for both of them
It's a quiet transformation that has happened over the last 50 years. "In season" is no longer a factor. "Local" is no longer a factor. If I want some exotic fare or fruit, it doesn't matter where it's from or what time of year it is, a local supermarket will have it. In stock. That wasn't the case 50 years ago. Fifty years ago, availability of foods was very location and very season dependent.
Worth noting that if you look at the foods in your average 7 Eleven or gas station in the US you will see exactly the kinds of foods that are easy to stock and almost none of the foods that are hard to stock. They deliberately avoid this complexity to reduce costs.
notice how much of all this very soon won't need people to do it or even already is done by machines today   we shouldn't focus on keeping people in manual labor jobs but rather on further reducing the need for such and reiterate how we pay people and for what   making people do repetetive "stupid" work which a machine could easily do is inhumane and a waste of time and energy and human potential
Oreos were actually a bad example for this because in a lot of cases they are delivered separately by the vendor rather than supplied and stocked by the grocery store themselves.
Liar! @ peanut butter  *unhappy German noises
Very irritating narration.  Too fast, no gap between sentences, artificially intense.  I'm going to cancel...now.
4 minutes in and ive learned nothing. waste of time
Anyone who's worked at a grocery store can tell you that Nabisco uses its own merchandisers. Grocery store employees rarely, if ever, stock Oreos.
Jeff bezos in 1999: warehouse is cheaper outside the city. We can carry everything and send it to the people!!!!!!!!!!
I’m an Italian American from New Jersey who just moved to Mississippi. My grocery store had one capocollo in the deli section. I got 3/4 pound of it every week. I was the only person I think that got it, the employees had no idea what it was.Once that was gone, they never brought it back. RIP.
I found this channel after having watched countless numbers of HAI and whenever I watch a video on this channel, I find myself waiting for the punchline- only for it to never come lol
This is a bit strange as it is focused on American Supermarkets but has (stock footage I presume) UK brands such as Co-op and Ocado. (The Ocado brand however does sell it's automated technology around the world).  Where I worked (not a supermarket but very similar and now actually owned by Tesco) we had 5 RDC 's (regional distribution centres) and 2 NDC's (national distribution centres) The NDC's take slower moving lines in larger quantities than the RDC's would be able to, They also take faster moving lines such as toothpaste and paracetamol and similar which due to the small size and not being something you'd purchase more than once a month on average make them something an RDC would have to store for longer. The NDC's  make up pallets for several depots which are then delivered as a full truck load to the RDC's which then forward these on to individual depots along with their regular RDC delivery. A depot might expect to receive 2 to 4 NDC pallets twice a week consolidated with their RDC deliveries. Coca-Cola though sells in such large quantities that it is delivered directly from Coca-Cola's facility to the depot.  Crisps are also delivered directly due to the amount of volume in a truck they consume in comparison to their weight. 8 pallets of crisps would weigh less than a single pallet of sugar so it isn't economically viable to send it via a distribution centre. The other items which get delivered directly are bread and bakery products which have a short shelf life and in some supermarkets the prepared sandwiches are also delivered directly. This didn't apply where I worked as we only ever briefly sold (although we binned more than we actually sold) sandwiches.
Canadian who moved to the UK here. I really miss having variety in the big supermarkets. The UK really has nothing for variety except for frozen pizzas. If you want salad dressing, you have like 4 options and they're all in 250 mL bottles.
You see
The man at 5:18 looked into my soul
Where on earth did that footage of a frustrated man in a rose petal bath throwing his laptop into said rose petal bath come from? That is brilliant.
I've been watching wendover/HAI stuff lately and when i first started I was like yeah yeah nebula I'm not buying that. But lately I've been thinking about and I now wish I had it. Too bad I can't work again till may.
Capitalism is amazing
Do you live near Glenwood Springs, as you sure do feature us in a lot  of your videos?
I wish YouTube narrators would listen to their own voice and realize how bad it is. This bouncing up and down in the speech flow is obnoxious and painfully common.
4:57 It's probably obvious to some, but having worked as a Cashier for a few years I can confidently say that all Cashiers (myself included) regularly will, when the barcode isn't immediately available or working, scan other products and adjust the price to match, so if your store is ever out of one product that you commonly get for a while it is likely due to this factor and the fact that the people in the grocery department don't honestly care too much to order extra to make up for that fact even after doing inventory
0:18 Regurly?
Me at 2:56... f y’all for dissing wegmans like this lmao (jk ofc love these videos ♥️)
I work in a Safeway, and no, we don't check anything in, reordering is literally done by scanning the code on the shelf and adding it to the order
So this is why it’ll take serveral years for prices to return back to normal. The pandemic had ripple effects in the economy. One year certain items go down or up in terms of price, the next year things are adjusted/changed even if it’s using data and results based on a pre pandemic year, then the changes come into effect as the years pass by until they eventually return to normal if ever. No wonder limes and avocados have gotten so expensive. Used to be able to buy like 10 for a dollar here in nyc and now 4 for like 2 dollars is a special.
I wanted to read more about Walmart redicing it's product variety but couldn't find it in the source list. Can someone please comment the link? Thanks in advance
10:11 the matrix of Oreos
0:40 stuff like that still exists i have been to a shop like that before
A good view about how the American supermarket woks. It’s northern same here in Europe where we have mini-markets in the corner with the things that we really need. Who need 20 different peanut butter? :)
One addendum... on average, for every hour after the first two hours it takes a warehouse to get the pallets out of the delivering truck costs them $50. A Walmart warehouse is normally unloads 20-40 trucks at a time (~16hrs/day), and each truck carries between 16-32 pallets on a normal delivery. You can imagine how this can quickly spiral out of control and result in huge demurrage/detention payments in addition to the shipping cost of $1-2.5k per truck regardless of how many pallets there are.
I doubt anyone has ever decided they like Wal-Mart more than any competitor. More like they decide Wal-Mart has what they want at a price they can afford.
Okay, hear me out - then wouldn't it be better in the long run to create a series of tubes to deliver food to shops? Either featuring high speed conveyor belts, or some sort of pneumatic capsule system... sounds silly, but environmentally it would be like switching a large number of vehicles to electric. The loss in truck drivers would be made up for by all the new maintenance officers and mechanics. Not to mention it would be a boon to construction.
in my country (The Dominican Republic) they are both a big amount of supermarkets and a lot of small grocery stores (called here colmados) , nearly 100,000 colmados .
FYI Curiosity Stream SUCKS. It's GARBAGE.
the uk has older supermarkets? so i dont think americans invented them
There is NOTHING TYPICAL about Glenwood Springs, but continue.
I work at the lidl rdc in exeter  its pretty good work in a qare house to be honest
Your first few lines is why people who wear pjs in 3rd world countries during school break think they are cultured  And thats why theres only ever no grapes or a few grapes....  I agree with this. I go to one particular supermarket because they sell me my favourite over priced tea. Im british. Yea matters, especially hot tea, with milk and sugar. Only a heathen puts ice in it!
Being from Glenwood I get the feeling you live in Glenwood lol
You were in my dream - I left anisa, james fa***t, and you who knew how to drive and went to sia and imre. They were trying to get into his house and inside it was so nice like you had this amazing view of a lake surrounded by mountains, with deep fog. Your parents were there inside in your high ceilinged living room and we stayed outside: you had this bridge that was underwater and you could like walk of faith on it and i did it and i nearly got swept away by the water but whatever. Then the dream ended
AFAIK, it was Walmart, during Sam Walton's time, the company that implemented for the first time a lot of these solutions. I recall my professor talking about a no warehouse distribution center was implemented for the first time by Walmart. (supplies were moved from the trucks into the distribution trucks - it was considered impossible to implement at the time).  Perhaps the reason why Walmart is so big and so evil lies on Sam Walton: the guy was a genius in supermarket business but should have spent more time with his kids.
"Too easy"
the amount of product placement in this video is f'n mental
7:27 I never noticed that the first letters in July, August, September, October, and November spell JASON.
Erdoğan bad. Atatürk good. That's about what you need to know non-tukirsh people
At Publix we are required to scan out any damaged items so the software can account for the loss in inventory. Almost no one steals anything either and if they do it’s not food.
Could u make a video about how the dutch based Picnic grocery company works. I work there and would love to see a video about the ins and outs. It doesnt have a physical shop location. Has their own specialized electric vehicles. Very busy with being environmentally friendly with local produce. And recently caught the attention of bill and melinda gates who invested in this company. Its now also expanding to other countrys like germany and france. This buisiness really deserves a video.
Wendover Productions is my niece product.
People just don't seem to realize just how insanely hard it is to keep track of X item location, quantity and date
The last store I worked at had a $10,000 loss (wholesale cost) for the quarter on the bulk nut isle alone. People will get $15-30 bags of things, walk around snacking on them, decide they don't want them after they've filled up on them and throw the bag on the shelf somewhere. That bag and whatever is inside is now garbage. Honestly, I think if people think it's ok to do that, then stores should think it's ok to put the content of the bags back into the bins they originally came from.  It kills me that some things are grown for months, shipped half way around the world, just for greedy a-holes to think it's ok to get a free snack and then are absolutely wasteful about it. If you think only a couple people a day do it, guess again. Night crews can find dozens of bags hidden around stores when they're working. $10,000 a quarter. $40,000 a year. The store lost more than I made yearly because of self entitled twats stuffing their fat fucking faces. And again, that was wholesale loss. The loss for from the profits could've went into keeping the stores in good condition, paying employees better, and overall, just doing more for their communities. Besides... Didn't your momma ever tell you to pay for something before eating it?
14:28 what on earth is she holding
Zanotto’s!!
This video combos perfectly with the Ushanka Show episode about how the power of supermarkets shook Boris Yeltsin's faith in Soviet communism:  https://youtu.be/s_PZCnW-2Mo
A bit of communism could be helpful. This is such a waste of resources.
I guess Target uses the stupid robots.. our pallets were a complete shit show. 😂
Interesting
Stocker for food lion here, we are the legitimate sellers of 63 cent turkeys, don’t ask why, but the MVP Card reward after 10$ in a shopping trip can give you a 63 cent turkey, it sells like crazy, this certain company we run 78% of its sales. Insane. It’s just me and another guy who’s a good worker and then a bunch of bodies lol.
What’s with the narration?
idk what kind of grocery store you got your info from, but i aint never heard of a grocery store doing physical inventory every 1-2 months lol. thats a once a year thing and it takes a lot of man hours.
average american super market carries 30,000 products in stock 92% of the time huh? yeah it used to be nice...
Took me here after watching Why Costco is cheaper than amazon
Heinen’s!!!
No way that this is sustainable worldwide. I think we in the western world should be thankful that there are third world countries that offset this madness.
I like how Americans think small local grocery stores are obsolete when they're living in a car-centred dystopia where they are the only option
I'm curious what the logistics looked like in the 50's or the 80's... Someone needs to document these mundane things so that we can compare them over time.
Amazing.
anyone know where this stock footage was gathered from? I have tried a few but can't find any good services.
2:18 oof
Bro this guy can take something you thought was so ordinary and blow your mind with how complex it really is
But food prices are way way higher in the US than the EU. Too much concentration?
Very helpful explanation for someone who shops only online and never stepped into a grocery store.
This channel never fails to fascinate
The point of voice inflection is to convey emotion. I'm able to predict the exact tone of your voice 90% of the time. This means your emotions are synthesized and a distraction from what you're saying. Monotone would be an improvement.
Yah, the large chain supermarkets are constantly spending money to find ways for their store to SAVE money. They cut costs, cut corners to get the most for their buck…so therefore, you’d think CONSUMER COSTS would naturally follow suit right? Not a chance…
Guess what happens in small towns with only one grocery store.  And a mostly local customer base. Not counting convenience stores as grocery stores.
Avocados from Mexico 🎶
I have a friend who was the refrigerated section manager at a local high volume Walmart. He said on a busy weekend they would sell 1,000 gallons of milk. Expand that across the country and think of the volume of milk that's required every week in the US. Just staggering! And that's just one product.
0:18 Sobeys grocery stores based in Canada pictured
This enunciation is over the top.
I am proudly glad to say, I just started driving for a grocery store.  The distribution system is astonishing, we are warehouse (well, our one warehouse is actually six) based, and we’re sent out to stores in a three state area, and may go to manufacturers, Kraft and Quaker are our usuals, to pick up.  I say proud because in addition to working (well, dedicated contracted) for a company that I already patronized and respected, I get to deliver the most important resource up there with air (well I deliver some of that too 😁) to random people….and me….I shop there too.
When I worked as a shelf stocker at Giant Food, we had to manually update the inventory counts for each product as we put it on the shelf. I’d scan each product in the shipment and count how many units are physically on the shelf plus how many I’m adding, then update the count in the fancy scanner. That way everything eventually gets updated over time and the store can calculate what’s getting lost or stolen.
We urgently need to mark things as being in season, local, domestic etc. So people can make the most sensible environmental choices.
Love your channel most on Nebula. But wanted to give you some add love on here.
its intersting to see an educational video about a thing that i deal with.
Machine at 10:05 be like, "All right, let's get this out onto some trays."   "Nice!"
Please, type in Greta Thunberg connects climate, ecological, and health crisis.
Here in the futureworld of Dec 2021, “robust global supply chain” hasn’t aged well
It’s kinda silly but beautiful how Learning about the logistics of grapes may be the most compelling insight into the potential of global cooperation in making peoples lives better
Next: The Insane Waste Generated by Grocery Stores
Therefore, now, you see....Squarespace
2:51 ought to stick out to any Australians here: our top 3 hold 72% market share
Making so many products available leads to the destruction of our environment. It's not sustainable to eat something that traveled thousands of miles
did he reupload trhis video??
In the '80s an efficiency for grapes was applied.  Before a 40 lbs tub of grapes would arrive at the store and 10 lbs were loose (i.e. unsellable).  Now the grapes are bagged before shipping making two great consequences.  One, less than a pound gets vibrated loose during travel and wasted.  Two, customers get the mental idea they should buy the whole bag and increase their purchase from what it might have been before.
We are so spoiled and so fortunate to have an enormous range of food choices--including fresh foods, that we take it for granted. That will change. Infrastructure is fragile and dependent on electricity and diesel, highways and airports, and software that will not fail.
One thing to note about slow moving inventory is that it usually has a higher profit margin for said store. While you may only sell 5 jars of expensive salsa compared to 10 jars of a cheaper, common brand. The store stands to make more money on the 5. Also not taking into account, that suppliers offer deals to stores/distribution centres for ordering large quantities of product at a time. Something along the lines of every 10 cases of oreos you order, you get 1 case free.
Oreos aren’t even put out by the store. 🤣 They have their own entire separate logistics system. Kinda like Pepsi and Coke.
I find this funny running a store myself . We order every thing our self the pallet never come in organized. In any type of way .
In E. Tennessee I have to go to a Kroger to get Skyline chili, even though the Kroger is farther away, but it's worth it.
Why 'Incredible'? Don't you believe your own report?
I appreciate the amount of research and work that has gone into producing your very informative education videos.   However, I could definitely do without the tinkling background music.  It is distracting - I kept trying to determine from which of my neighbours it was coming - finally realized it was part of the sound from your video.
meh, most of it is garbage quality, just look at the fat unhealthy population shopping there. just buy locally instead.
I work in a major british supermarket. We have to do targeted counts every day, where we update the inventory. Not of every product but a selection of a few. The worst job 😂
Bruh I’ve been to that city market in glenwood
i work for a food broker welcome to my world lol companies hire us to go in stores and physically verify quantities when they stop scanning at registers. Actually a pretty easy well paying job
Wow I feel what a stress just to eat cookie
I've experienced almost all of the stages of grocery stores that you mentioned. As someone from a rural part of India, I was truly awestruck when I moved to a big city for college. You don't have to go to 10 different stores to get all the stuff you need (unless you want to, some specialty places have the best shit). Before that, whenever I needed something "too fancy" for my small village, Amazon and Flipkart were my only friends (fortunately they were there by the time I was a teenager). Having moved to US now (again for studies), it's good to see that even small towns enjoy at least some of the facilities.
I’m wondering if you actually interviewed a member of management from King’s/City Market?
The animations in these vids 🔥🔥
this is american centric
Walmart does not have good choice. I like Jane's crazy mixed up Salt. That is my rare item and I will go to another store to get it.  I also go to Aldi which has very little choice but has better prices. To some people shopping multiple stores for cheap deals is a sport. Like having parking wars when you shop at Jewel or Walmart.
12:45 No, it's literally your fans that don't like the longer videos... heh.
1:23 Back then, the *only* type of penut butter would've been organic peanut butter.
Hey I’ve actually been to that city market!
These logistics are incredible, but also incedibly wasteful. 40% of the food goes straight into the trash
That old guy driving an Integra made me smile
The organization of pallets from top to bottom based on need is very false. I worked at a grocery store for two years and every single pallet was packed based on sturdiness. Items were placed on the bottom because they were able to sustain the weight of the items above them .the efficiency of physically stocking items is not taken into consideration by the people who are building the pallets. Their main concern is making sure that all of the items fit on the pallet without everything falling over when it is unwrapped.
lol. When I go to my local Asian supermarket I see on average 5 "Out of Stock" stickers; which sounds crazy because we are conditioned to expect anything we want whenever we want.
Brexiteers: **observe**
Lol Aldi definitely doesn't organize pallets, it's all a complete clusterfuck every single time
My mother grew up malnourished and got a job as soon as she could. During the war she experienced ration cards. She married after the war and moved from Ft Worth to Washington, DC area. This was the big time for her... a fancy job and fancy clothes, and nice home. There was the Grand Union grocer and Safeway, and green stamps saved in a book. They used paper bags and did not accept credit cards, and would cash your payroll check. Goodness, how times have changed. But don't you think that materialistic pursuit sometimes gets out of hand?
A fair bit of the time slow mover items will just flat out be ordered from a separate outside company as they don't stay in date well within the grocery's internal warehouses. Think foods for passover meals, the international isle, some food allergy things, the really true slooooow movers that you drive across town for. Things you will not take a substitute for ever because there is no substitute for it.
i was a grocery manager, and saw stuff that comes 3x a week and we had 6 months of it.  then there are things they just will not give space to.   also, mfg pays for shelf space, so you will see stuff that people who are buying do not buy, yet is prominent in the store.  then you have shortages, and the biggest customers get all they want, but the smalls get none.
It's interesting, living in the Northeast there are virtually no stores owned or operated by Kroger yet they're the second largest retailer. I never heard of them until a year or so ago which is crazy. All we have that's related to them is Turkey Hill but that brand was sold off in 2018.
As someone who works in retail here in the UK I can say that organising cages/pallets based on where it is in the aisle is a pipe dream in any business the closest you get is the stuff for the same aisle or two aisle being on the same pallet or cage.
And the palite gets stacked by a drunk person
4:47 "More than one way products can leave a store." At an ethnic grocery store, I once saw fertilized chicken eggs starting to hatch.
We control the supply chain by how involved we are in the production process. We control the length of lockdowns by how willing we are to submit to rule we have no reason for enforcing. We control the level of respect we receive in the work place by quiting jobs where we aren’t respected by management or employees. We decide it all unless you give the feds the power because you’re too lazy or fearful.
I’ve been to that very City Market 😳
Walmart sucks!!
I feel like grapes now...
This explains why people at a grocery store I worked were told to not move products around on the shelf, even though it was an improvement. It may have been better visually but messed with their pallet unloading system.  Also, thanks for saying nyche the way I feel is 'correct'  (I replaced a 4 month old comment due to spam bots)
ngl, the youtube algorithm is pretty f'ing toxic.
You should do a video on the logistics of google maps (modern navigation)!
It’s only when i speak with old relatives who immigrated to America that I realized how strange it was that I expected fruit from 10x different countries to be readily supplied, sweet, organic and cheap regardless of the season, year round and open 24/7. Truly a modern marvel.
@ 14:11: Cincinnati, OH is NOT on the East Coast
I hate mint oreo
This video is a crash course of logistics and supply chain management 👏
I shop at Stater Brothers for customer service......
Back in the day, you had to 5 stores to buy 5 different foods.
14:13 He says while Kroger's has set it up in densely populated areas of the east coast then shows a picture of Cincinnati oh lol
STAY
NO BAG
NO PERFORMANCE
The thing about niche products is so true, and I'm glad you used sauce as an example. I can get 90% of my shop in all my local shops, but my favourite sauce is only stocked in one. Guess where I do my shopping?
Damn, is his voice annoying.  I know he's reading, but does he have to sound Iike he's reading?
Even a paletting machine is a wounder of high technology.
I stocked over night at Walmart and let me tell u those pallets ARE NOT organized.
Who doesn't like the super market. Everything's there. Too bad it ruined all the Mom & Pop smaller grocery stores. That's what is so 😥sad. I remember the smaller places.
Meanwhile, at the Hobby Lobby logistics department:  *-screams of the Damned intensify-*
garbage video
The first time i went to a supermarket in my childhood was one of the best moments i’ve had, being able to run down many aisles with toys lining up on all of them filled me with wonders and joy, my thought back then was “What if i could have all of these toys and snacks?” Thats why every weekends my family used to go to supermarkets so while they shop and look for everyday stuff, me and my brother would go to snacks & toys aisle and look at all the things on sale, often times there were showcases displaying a complete set of toy models, from lego sets, to a miniature running train sets
Avocados 🥑 from Mexico 🇲🇽
I am from India and I have world without supermarkets near my village
I mean, with oreos specifically, it's probably going to be a Mondalez rep taking care of ordering, stocking, etc. Overall great video though.
The rehabilitation hospital of Indiana ie state scum fuck police played 9th street storage mental retardation Lockè games & got there they’re their church Y cube squared at Purduè Federal Credit Union ie Wells Fargo believè Mapquest
Keep in mind Pareto‘s rule:  80% of your inventory generate only 20% of your profits, and 20% of your inventory cause 80% of your costs.
2:10, no, the supermarket we know today originated in Germany by the Albrecht brothers, nowadays known as Aldi, they just put everything on palettes and let people take it by themselves…
I get my food from the Farmers Market... limited choice but boy does it smell and taste good! I get my bread from a bakery! Nothing compares to fresh. The foods of each season provide your body with what it needs, that's the true "just in time" supply chain.
You have urself an amazing channel! Thank You sir!
Aldi: That's not how we build our pallets...
LMAO ohhh boy that whole pallet organizing thing really made me laugh out loud.
0:48 ...and all covered in a 28ga paraffin layer. :((
Meanwhile at the Indianapolis Kroger distribution center, it's all done with fork trucks and manual breakdowns. If they wanted to automate it, they'd have to build a whole new facility.  Side note: Hardly anybody who works there works for Kroger. When i worked there, it was three different contracted companies. One for the drivers, one for the stocking and picking of order and loading delivery trailers, and one to unload the trailers and run the salvage dock. Why that particular division of labor i have no idea.
This video explains so much. Thank you.
even in germany i drive 20 min longer to the next supermarket just to get that specific cheese i love
AVOCADOS 🥑 FROM MEXICO 🇲🇽
So we all just work at grocery stores huh?
I understand only 50% of the explanation. 😅
i’ve worked in the grocery store business and your video is spot on with accurate information. Besides the part where the pallets are stacked in order to efficiently stock shelves. I wish the dickbags at the warehouse did that lol
And then customers get mad at the employees for not having an item in stock because they think the items magically materialize on the shelf
Yea the pallets never come packed as neatly and organized as it was shown in the video. Bunch of hacks just dump that stuff whatever suit them or if management is whiny about the workers working as quick as possible and then they shrink wrap it. Those things come so crooked and tipsy it aint even funny. Logic states heavy and sturdy goes on bottom and built it up.
The grocery store I worked at did not have software to automatically purchase inventory, someone manually went through the aisles and did the orders every 1-2 days. Wasn't even the same person each time, and there was no standardization on how much should be ordered based on current inventory. There was one manager that always ordered too much so we could tell when he had done the orders.
There's a supermarket called Ahold. I can't stop laughing.
9:04 Hey, that's Denver!
life is getting more comfortable and convienece.
The more money u have the more trash u have at home human is farming trash daily here they burn trash daily at homes in pinas country 07
That’s why climate change warmer world 🌎 the black gold burning sky is part stores worldwide 07
I said it years ago I’ll say it again stop don’t touch under the sea it’s a destruction to nature’s under the sea ground pipe gas black gold all over the world 🌎 oceans is a fall to nature’s world 🌎 07 think joe
"It's part of Krogers".... wheres the S?! Hahaha
As a stock handler in a supermarket in England, I wish they did put the pallets in order for the store it would make our lives a lot more easier
He called it Kroger’s 😭
It's just "Kroger" not "Krogers" 😅
They never got to the point where a guy does the bare minimum of work that he has to do to not get fired and so the thing I want is just sitting in the back room waiting for 3 days.
3:50 “…because they decide they like Walmart more.”  *this sentence makes no sense*
Everyone watching this, myself included, are all boring nerds
What were those triangular carousels with bags?
I was a little surprised when your introduction claimed that such supermarkets were everywhere world-wide.  My wife is from China, and one of the essays she wrote for a pre-college English Writing class (a "compare and contrast" essay) was the Western Supermarket vs the Asian Wet Market.  She was completely unfamiliar with the supermarket and marveled at the huge number of products, and showed an outsider's perspective of how novel some of its features are. When I visited China in 2007, the only "grocery store" I saw was a small boutique-style store, much smaller than a supermarket. I asked her about it just now, and she said that supermarkets only started to appear in China around the year 2000.  So I guess they are everywhere _now_ , but it's very recent.  Even so, they still co-exist with traditional street markets.  Most of the population there _is_ familiar with shopping in traditional markets.  Note that they are different from the neighborhood grocery store you described:  They were _huge_ expansive sprawling districts where you would walk for miles and miles seeing nothing but small stalls and tiny storefronts.  They have become a lot smaller, but still go on for many blocks.
Great
This is a great video! It's pretty close to what I was looking for. What I really want to find however is a video showing exactly how a grocery item goes from being put into packaging, stored, palletized, loaded onto a truck, and then delivered locally.  Does anyone know of such a video?
2:19 I spot a Toyota Corolla 👀  Someone get RealLifeLore in here
I like your videos, so please stop saying "processes" that way.  It's a Latin word and it's not Greek. Pronounce it the same way you would say regresses - transgresses - ingresses - egresses - OK! You have millions of viewers so please stop it. Thanks for the good videos.
The ratty club covalently squeak because teeth anecdotally repair until a tremendous lace. mindless, horrible gymnast
What he said about the niche brands is actually pretty true, I always go to the same supermarket only because they sell a specific apple juice that I can't find elsewhere. Goddamn, I really like that apple juice.
Lgo pri
amazing how far weve come  capitalism ftw :)
watched 3 vids after each other, love it. I am subscribing!
Very interesting.
Everything you cut for time on Youtube? hmmm
I don't know why I am watching this - I worked retail and had very intimate knowledge of the ordering software, write offs, theft, etc. (yay Convenience!)
God I want to play Satisfactory.
14:57 that's the brand of milk I buy
The kindhearted actor rapidly roll because ceramic unexpectedly contain during a easy news. numerous, boorish suede
(Transloading facilities have entered the chat) -  LOL, what pallet organization??!
I'm relatively young but I remember when the produce section was seasonal-- March would roll around and  it was such a treat to smell & see the fresh strawberries;  Peaches, nectarines &  apricots were only available for a few months and arrived at the store ripe, or a few days before; apples were always in stock, but just a couple varieties year-round (one red, one green)- only Fall brought a wide variety. I think of this most every time I'm at the store, but most people seem both  oblivious to and completely expecting of it.    It boggles the mind to  try and comprehend the logistics- not to mentionmany hours, fuel, etc., just so we can have an ear of corn in Nevada in January.
The nutritious sun impressively rock because hammer taxonomically remain aboard a rightful bottle. yummy, painful avenue
Omg King Soopers
Nabisco is just a brand name. It's not a company anymore. It's Mondelez International, and they're phasing out the US manufacturing of cookies, opening factories in Mexico. This year, the Atlanta and NJ plants will be gone.  Oreos don't come from Chicago. That section of the Chicago plant was sent to Mexico in 2016. I'm not saying this is good or bad. It's just fact.
I feel like anyone who is a grocery worker from management to the clerk should be watching this.  I bet Wendover could sell this as corprorate training material.
The billowy acrylic dfly cover because macrame markedly smoke for a festive drawer. fluttering, beneficial eyeliner
The grocery store supply chain is so  wasteful and inefficient. We all know JIT chains are the most efficient and I can't wait till our MTO grocery supplier like hello fresh and blue aprin are the main stream. They reimvented the grocery supply chain and cut waste in ways that is just not possible for regular grocery stores.
I'll try an all out *egg diet* 4 1 week
SMOOKERS??
Walmart worker with two stores that have separately undergone remodel at different points in time. It is actually not possible to match layout of store to pallet from just the distribution center because store layouts and the location of a given item can be drastically different based on the mere dimensions of the store.  First store had grocery at 30 isles, in 18 sections. Current one has 32 isles with 20 sections per isle. Paper goods split grocery down the middle at the 2nd store, and the extra 2 sections cause some things to be added on.  Spices, for example. 1st store, with the baking goods and across from other baking stuffs. 2nd store, in the same isle as cereal and granola bars (RXbar, ZZbar, etc)  Frozen goods have stricter layouts due to temp requirements and the basic electrical infrastructure of the store itself, which is NOT made the same across all stores. Partly due to shifting building codes over time, partly due to some being converted warehouses from other business ventures, etc.  Tl;dr too many variables outside the control of the packing center, so they just try to shoot for good enough.
When i enter the supermarket and i have the ability to buy anything i want i thank god for this blessing, just 70 years ago my grandmother and grandfather were starving to find food. We live in the gold age of humanity
Feel kinda bad now tossing ugly grapes... Hope never to face their wrath.
I order for a section in the store I work in and sometimes I just randomly gotta put something on the shelf because the system is shit
Yo I was literally at that city market last week
They blew it!    No video clips of the Stepford Wives shopping!!
Dammit this vid made me hungry 😂
The zonked train clasically replace because sparrow aetiologically fire versus a narrow laborer. dashing, belligerent refund
The languid sagittarius informally mix because zebra luckily tow excluding a weak tuba. light, breezy comb
The spotted carrot wessely contain because find synthetically separate throughout a intelligent health. confused, melted interest
my brain hurts
I've worked at a large family/employee owned grocer in Texas for about a decade, both as a stocker, perishables lead, and receiver. There is so much back end operations handling inventory control, processing damages/shrink, and ordering outside the norm than most people ever get to see. There are so many times, as a lead, I'd have to go through our inventory control software to bump up or cut orders manually anticipating special events, or unplanned large orders from a community, school, or church event, or coming inclement weather, which would bring unplanned peak demand. We constantly have to balance our production orders with a surprise peak, but not so much we lose product that goes stale on the shelf or in the back room, especially during the holidays. These are still things the inventory software can't anticipate or adapt to.
In US supermarkets are there some fresh fruit and veg products that you can’t get all year? Like are there some purely seasonal products?
"""""choice"""""" massive eyeroll
High budget Half As Interesting.
1:05 Why not Mangoes from Pakistan?
logistics is like pimping (it ain't easy)
When you showed City Market in Glenwood Springs, I about died. That's where I live! I shop there very often.
aaaah highly processed, super palatable, maximum shelf stable food that’s like causing a obesity epidemic because we want all the options all the time instead of using some creativity to cook with what’s seasonally available…
Grocery stores invented the term: Cleanup on aisle 4.
God I hate being a Kroger employee
The grandiose fat intraoperatively refuse because millennium finallly consider without a nebulous algeria. malicious, tiresome wren
God these videos have become so fucking boring
@13:00 -> shouldn’t that be topline instead of bottomline? Because after reducing their offering Walmart likely decreased their costs (bottomline) but also missed out on revenue (topline)
"KrogerS'
Nice work thanks 🙏🏼! I appreciate your videos!
9:21. Is this mean to measure throug put?
Do one on Apple’s supply chain 😬
Vegans when the topic of niche grocery products comes up 👁👄👁
Never thought I would hear my local grocery store King Soopers (or City Market for that matter) mentioned in a Wendover video😂
Respect more truck drivers, without them all stops
Do the logistics of flying cars
The term is called SHRINK.
“Stores also conduct a manual count every month or two.” lol at my Walmart we do it every morning
I live in Russia, everything is always there cuz we don't eat
storage is organized, said no Walmart associate ever I need to check every cooler & freezer for meat's stock every day
Why people hordes was selfish! If there was 5 boxers, I would take 2 because I only needed 2. Others would take 4 or maybe 5. 🤔👎👎👎👎👎
depaletizing: *exists* Costco: we don't do that here
Absolutely shit parking job by the black Mercedes at 2:20
Tiringly long introduction & roundabout explanations. I can’t make it to halfway mark
I don’t think my Walmart got the memo about reduced variety. It sucks and I’m about to abandon them entirely. What’s the point in going to a store when you can never find what you want.
The successful spy simultaneously tumble because october previously bruise beside a aberrant inch. supreme, tenuous tempo
you based out of Colorado?
Some companies are stupid. They add online shopping/curbside pickup options to the customers but did not increase man hours for the store. The result: the employees simply reject the order and state they don't have the item(s) in stock. Imaginary business practice is alive and well.
Crazy mango from sao paolo from brasil
They did surgery on a grape
Chil who?
samwich? really??
hells yeah Brother!
It would be nice to have that automated palletizing process, that's not every grocery store, for sure, Food Lion is lucky to have a pallet where everything is on the same aisle.
"kroger's" intensifies...
It's kind of funny because our huge supermarkets are credited to the "free market" but they all used planned economies
Tbh fuck Colorado is probably what ever person who works in logistics like it’s cold high way shut down snow storm 1 high way lol
As a Walmart employee the execution is just as convoluted and frustrating as it sounds here
The woebegone goldfish endoscopically spoil because cobweb tribally untidy anenst a tightfisted plate. whimsical, fast clock
I remember a world before supermarkets and I am NOT 100 years old. We ate seasonal fruit and veg, and paid in cash.  If the product wasn't there, we bought something else. If we didn't have enough money, we bought less (or something else).  Not complicated. I'm tired of hearing (supposedly) adults doing the infantile equivalent of stamping their feet and shouting 'but I WANT...'  Grow up
I worked in a distribution center for about half a year. It sucked. All manual except for the voice operated inventory system and the pallet jacks. Lol
The point: we're spoiled.
The acrid hope preauricularly sprout because park obviously object as a swanky link. savory, lowly pantyhose
As a home Depot employee let me tell you that a "slight disparity between reality and inventory management software" is the understatement of the century haha
my favorite thing is that Wendover Productions is nearing 3M subscribers. I'm not alone in my logistics nerd-dom!
Okay.. I've heard this before but do you guys really get year round fruit and veggies in America?  I thought things coming in and out of season was normal.... lots of berries and such in summer and lots of root vegetables and squash in winter ... maybe it's just because New Zealand is kinda remote?   I can't tell which is globally considered normal ^^"
WE MADE IT.....AGAIN!!!! HUGE SHOUT OUT TO YARMOUTH, NOVA SCOTIA!!!! LETS GO!!! NOVA SCOTIA IS THE BEST!! 1:12
The awful order unpredictably spark because chicken reilly plug circa a questionable tank. outgoing, cuddly flugelhorn
Because we need seriously need 250 different salad dressing options and 300 cereals.
Who’s better wendover or economics explained?
I guess I should save this video to send to anyone who thinks a centrally planned economy can match the optimization of the free market. No wonder Communism went kaput.
What makes you pick the Glenwood Springs location of all places? Haha. I drive by it from time to time as a King Soopers shopper.
Oh man, glad to see this vid. Wish I had people to nerd out about this irl.
for the algorythm
Typo it’s pallet not palette
Is it just me, or does the efficiency of modern supply chains feel a bit underappreciated?
The ancient croissant neurochemically fasten because shop additionaly explode anenst a annoyed bag. wet, delicate hyena
This is just a more in depth and more interesting “How it’s Made”... and I love it.
Very interesting video. By the way though, it’s Kroger, not Krogers.
Interesting to watch the modern distribution centre process. I worked at a grocery distribution centre back in the early 1990s for a time when it was all manual (and very exhausting!)
People who complain about capitalism have no clue how any of this works.  Do you think government bureaucrats could set this up?!  HA!!  People stood in line for bread and toilet-paper in the USSR.  We have a hundred different varieties of bread and a couple dozen different brands of toilet paper at our local store, and we're a small town in north Georgia.  Can't do that without capitalism.
The thirsty woman rapidly inform because scarf annually shock concerning a taboo weather. angry, fallacious violin
Yet you have those crazy anti capitalists who don’t understand how much they depend on capitalism
leave it to wendover to make logistics fascinating
The bottleneck comes when the customer goes to buy the products.  You spend 10 minutes shopping and then 30 minutes waiting in line because Walmart or Safeway does not have enough cashiers working to handle the volume of customers.  It is pathetic....
See, it's systems like these that indicate the success of capitalism and how so many benefit from its impact without actually realizing. People who fundamentally hate capitalism or who choose to focus on just the negatives of it (of which there are many, admittedly) either don't understand how complex huge companies' logistics are, or think they won't mind life without them. When you can no longer find your niche brand of product you thought you can't live without, you'll respect the good of capitalism a lot more.
False dichotomy between monopolies and inefficient supply chains.
You made me realized that the months July to November spell JASON
Got a lot more empathy for logistics workers now. Insane what they do to keep the world running
2:55 gee I wonder how the stats look like in my country.... top 4 chains corner 80% of the market instead of 45% for the US... yeah... murican market is so consolidated.... ^^"
Time for an update. They are NOT staying stocked 92% of the time. Let's have a video on supply chain disruption.
why was anything cut for time? this is You Tube, not network television.  That's the silliest reason to get people to sign up for your service.  You could have made the video hours long and it would be the same
NA grocery stores *
The dapper pot conversantly program because pull synchronously groan under a nebulous t-shirt. well-to-do, awesome promotion
The hilarious knot correspondingly close because repair admittedly manage above a  far-flung biology. hideous high, first loaf
They don't organize pallets- former Walmart employee
Ah yes , the informative video my mother ask me to watch
Very informative 👍
Why so many ads😴
I grew up in Western Colorado were City Markets are. Cool to see you use them as an example in this video!
China believes in healthy competition but US believes in gathering her allies to compete. What does that means? US already lost to China when the match is one to one. Now she needs a group of "friends" to assist to compete. The sports of boxing comes from US. This sport involved two contestants to beat each other in the match. Have you ever seen a boxing match having two or more contestants going against one contestant?
The main reason why the USA western media falsely accuses CHINA of mistreating Uyghur Muslims is because they want to prevent the 1.6 Billion Chinese worldwide and 2.0 Billion Muslims from working together. Both these groups have been discriminated by USA and the WEST for decades and are more likely to work together. Chinese & Muslim nations working together will lead to US losing its dominance of the world. Plus this will gain Asia, Russia, Eastern Europe and African support too including the rest of the world such as Latin America.
This guy really said “Krogers” like a 72 year old black grand dad
Insane !!
J A S O N
I work at a distribution center for Aldi. We pick boxes and build all the pallets ourselves, no automation. I need to get over to Kroger distribution where they have machines that do all that 🤣🤣
I don't even care what he is explaining, (even though this is some absolute quality research well put together and presented) the voice, the passion and the piano playing in the background, it is so soothing, I would listen to this whenever I want to relax.
Walmart was the Death of many small business across the US. Now the US #1 Employer.
YOUTUBE & GOOGLE ADS ARE SO'OOO FULL OF SHIT... : ( SPAM!
I work in a seafood distribution centre and all our pallets are started in the frozen (-25C) section with no regard to where the item goes it's rather where the item is in our route and it is then sent to the dock in it's place where someone else comes to pick it up and do the fresh section then fill it up some more and only then is it wrapped and sent into the truck. And yeah tetris skills are important there
The demonic beet conservatively follow because postbox curiously strengthen across a ripe ghana. tired, breakable hemp
I think the niche stocking thing is pretty cool. They're at least doing something to try and earn my money.
first comment after 1 million views on this video
3:47 Do all Wallmarts have that many cameras?
I would like to submit that Wendover Productions begin to distribute their video product on Rumble. That being said, I like your product
GREAT VIDEO!!! Had to watch it a few times to soak in the scope of the operation. From farm to shelf is far more complex than I thought.
Wal-Mart sucks at groceries
Just another video of "Wow, the world is so much more complicated than I ever thought of"  Marvel obscured by banality is right!
Uh huh, so who named the grocery distribution hub after a legendary cannibalistic spirit? "Soylent Green Is People Serving People."
And so the lessons learned ?
Ahh, Wendover describes massive food disparity in detail. I love my local dumpster.
1:39 He said nut butter!!!  The one I love to spread!
Software might make suggestions on what to order, but a good manager tweaks these amounts, knowing their particular store better than the company software.
Loved the animations!
This guy says "you see" so often that you could turn it into a drinking game! Makes me wonder how I manage to live my life without ever saying it? Come on man, you can do better, you know word processors have a find and replace feature for your script right? Right?
Nice video I so much love it...... most people remain poor only because friends and relatives discouraged and advised them against investing and trading forex while the wise ones kept investing and going higher financially
The industrious beam globally crawl because restaurant firstly share vice a caring fedelini. uppity, heady volcano
Because of the economic crisis and the rate of unemployment now is the best time to invest and make money 💯
The innocent oak hopefully book because cracker intraspecifically glue save a careful heron. efficient, abounding smash
2:30 that Dubai my city
The cooing goldfish regularly jam because india ethnopharmacologically harm in a mundane daffodil. painful, goofy bun
The concerned detail phytochemically request because sushi bailly cause across a busy ferryboat. clever, accessible river
You mean to tell me that Amigo (Walmart owned supermarket) has that small order of Shin Ramyun there because of me?! Are you for real?! 🤣
interesting
I subscribe to Nebula and Curiosity Stream and I honestly can’t find you.  I think finding things of Curiosity stream is not great—even when I know what I’m looking for.
What about the logistics of a grocery store...wait for it.. at an airport?
Supermarkets are great
I work at Target. The way that we handle certain products is a little different. We do have the automated system that you are talking about. It keeps track of inventory through sales and we also take in account for damages/expires.   Nabisco, Coke, Pepsi, Frito Lay and some other vendors handle their own product. They make their own orders, they handle their own inventory. They have their own delivery trucks, they have their own factories and what not.   Hope this helps! Love the videos  Edit: spelling/grammar
They have the general idea but missed a key component. Not all items on the self come from the stores distribution warehouse or even store employees putting those items on the self. IE Nabisco delivers the product to the store via there own truck. Then Nabisco's salesman or merchandiser will rotate and fill the shelf with stock. beer, liquor, pop/soda, snack food companies so on and so on do this as well. these companies also buy shelf space in order to sell their goods.
Clearly many grocery chains are not doing a good job of catering to consumers with less popular tastes. I have to shop a total of 5 different stores (and sometimes a 6th that's over 20 miles away) to get all the items I regularly buy because no one store stocks everything. Even so, I often go without some things I would buy if they were available. My tastes aren't actually that unusual, it's just that I'm a single male non-Hispanic person living in an area dominated by large Hispanic families. I like Mexican food well enough but it gives me heartburn. I don't enjoy cooking so I search out foods in packaging appropriate for single servings and little or no prep work, usually in microwavable containers. Hispanic women apparently don't feed their families from single serving containers, and their favorite foods have very little overlap with mine.
Capitalism in a nutshell
Supermarkets create mounts of garbage and huge dumping grounds and that's not a marvel but madness. All that show with overproduction just bring doomsday faster.
Die gute alte Rewe Kasse bei 2:09
Did he just call Oreos "fresh" product?
Ah yes another Logistics Vid. And as a Euro truck/American truck simulator player i haft to say reversing anything bigger than a 40 ft into them loading bays is a pain.
15:07 Oregon US 26 near Mt Hood?
Interesting times ahead for the UK then.
How to say you aren't from Europe without saying you aren't from Europe: "We don't know how it was when grocery stores took a form of a small front stores"
11:01 ITS PRONOUNCED GUIF
Aldi is the opposite of all this: only some, but well selected articles (still enough for a normal household), but at a very low price, sold in huge quantities and as white label. It earns a ton of money all around the world with this principle.
I worked at Wal-Mart, and they have a different system of checking stock. You put what you have on shelf, then place the carry over on the top shelf and then move all excess product to a pallet then scan jt with a CT as over stock, we didn't do this right at first (new poor managers and I was brand new and never got trained) but we ended up calling stock we had over stock, no one ever pulls from the top so there was always excess. They have a flawed way of doing it all
They NEVER organize pallets! 😆 - stock worker for 10 years
for some reason, this topic (directly following the shortages video I watched just before it), is the most effective ad for curiosityStream I've seen
You should look into Trax. Its an AI based retail analytics company, that tracks products physically using photos taken my sales reps. Its used by a lot of stores on their back end but barely known.
This is a fantastic video, well done Wendover.
The dispensable korean happily beam because ankle coincidentally grip since a spotty quicksand. educated, cautious cell
Don't lie about peanut butter! I could not find one for a month just dozens upon dozens of nutella-likes. When I found one small jar it was 5€! xD No love for peanut butter in europe I guess, but you can stil get it online.
In the netherlands usually nothing it out of stock beside the special stuff like my gluten free crackers and goat milk. Until corona i didnt notice out of stock but the the pandemic hit and toiletpaper and hand sanitizers ran out. Thay was weird. For the first time in my life. And fresh fruit ran low. In northern ireland friends of us life and are saying due to brexit ailes are empty. In the netherlands when ever i drive to work i live in the west and work in the east. I see loads of food trucks from our biggest food markets. Like boni jumbo alberthein and locally a lot of picnic trucks a company focusef on home delivery and dont have a psysical location.
Order 1000 units only get 375 units and 100 of it is expired or damaged to go back to get credit.
Good video.
Do you live on the western slope? I always see you using local examples (I'm in Rifle, CO)
The algorithm doesn't favor long videos because "who the fuck has time" xD I used to follow visual politik and loved their channel. But with videos time length increasing and consistently becoming over 20min,i unsubbed. It's probably a common occurrence, which is why the algorithm favors the smaller videos, because so do the users (clients)
I hate super markets. I don't care if there are 30 varieties of peanut butter. A store needs two varieties smooth and crunchy.  I dont need 20 varieties of toothpaste. 2 will do it.  No wandering around for an hour, in and out 10 minutes.
11:00 at walmart they just filled a truck with boxes and were like fuck it, deal with it yourselves
Good job showing supermarkets I have never even heard before
There are two Kroger warehouses in Aurora.   There's a smaller non-perishable warehouse for things like Oreos and Campbell's soup.  The perishable warehouse is off of Havana St. and takes meat, produce, dairy,  and even bulk dairy.
These businesses are centralized and controlled to an extent that would have made the Soviet’s jealous.   Command economies probably could work in the modern era because we have so much information at each stage of production and distribution.
You used my towns grocery store in your video what are the chances of that
you think that theirs is cool , you really need to do a mini series on the safeway d. c. in Denver it takes up multiple blocks and the are so organized its sick. all products are stage in their respected area . its mind blowing. there in this like 1 mile area in what was industrial mecca the trains delivered directly to the d. c. and it went from there. and the manufactured  all if most safeway store there on premise ; soda , some meat products , bread , dairy was all made right therein same industrial area. truly a marvel.
Do a video on trader joes
Who else thinks he should do one about Costco/Sams Club?
Watching in on one right now.
That's a lot of plastic and cardboard
I live in glenwood pogga
Logistics is incredible
2:18 That Whole Foods is a location on the East End of Pittsburgh, PA.  I recognize my hometown anywhere. 🖤💛💪🏾
2:33 Everyone who has worked in a warehouse just had flashbacks. People regularly get maimed and die in these jobs. Productivity is put far above safety.
Epic
Since covid I have despised my local walmart will do every thing i can to not shop there
Trader Joe’s lacks much of the automation. Crew members place the order manually, was on paper up until about 6 months ago. Pallets are built by hand, there is general organization but not as fine tuned as the example in the video. Crew members also decide where to put things on the shelves. There are zero machines suggesting to crew where to put things.
thank you Wendover
OH GOD THE WASTE 😂
I cant take Wendover serious any more since he is self proclaimed socialist
In the Netherlands (at the Albert Heijn) we actually check almost every shelf, every day.
I stopped shopping at Kroger when they donated $100 million to antifa. Major corporations hate America.
Brave of you to assume that this depth and scale of supermarkets does not exist in developing economies
I work at Family Dollar and I wish we had actual logistics in our stores. Instead of several stressed out managers doing incorrect cycle counts and waiting for trucks to randomly appear.
What about companies that deliver and stock their own products? …. Example: Frito-Lay
Literally snacking on red grapes as I watch this.
You should make a video about the names of apples and how it’s highly legal and competitive
The torpid millimeter gradually consider because couch pathohistologically comb down a humdrum kenya. telling, amuck laborer
Your name is Wendover Productions and I actually live in a town called Wendover. Interesting.
This is why I laugh in the face of anyone who claims to be "oppressed" by living under capitalism, racism, or whatever else in the modern day because anyone has the freedom to do anything they want, eat anything they want, at any time. Capitalism has brought together so many great things that todays leftists losers take for granted and dont appreciate
interesting that they have completly seperated bice product logistic i would have expected that they ship the nice product pallet (as a special shelfed pallet) to the main distribution center
the shown supermarket could probably be 20% more profitable if they wouldn'T have that many security cams
I was wondering if you can do a video on the logistics of saving endangered species and releasing them into the wild, for example the California Condor.
Well done. Lots of research. Many grocery chains. Even the big ones use third party companies for produce, dairy, and even freezer foods. They don’t do it “in house.”
Can we just mention that Heb is only in Texas
All the varieties, always in stock?  Sure maybe  those bland supermarket varieties. There are thousands of apple varieties out there and millions of varieties of all the other fruits combined. Supermarket offers only what is easy to produce large scale.
Ohhh I know Chagrin Falls, OH when I see it
While I watched this I was eating Ben and Jerry's ice cream which I purchased at a supermarket 317 miles from the factory.  It was on sale for about 40% off and they had no less than 20 flavors in stock.  God bless the USA.
You call a fish that was alive in the ocean days ago fresh ?
yes....
After watching this, I now have the ShopRite Can Can sale song as well as the slogan “Always Fresh, Always For Less.”
The divergent rail basically pop because drama spectacularly yawn by a wholesale diamond. greedy,  foamy double
I can say from experience that as a stocker for Lucky's Supermarkets for a couple months, those pallets were not assembled to be efficiently broken down. It took us a good hour every night breaking down the pallets then throwing them to the shelves
stop using utube.
What a job that would be :)
2:08 Is that footage from the German chain of supermarkets called REWE?
14:11 Hey, that’s where I live!
The miracle of Capitalism
My momma talks fondly about the days of local delivery and how the milk man always made sure the milk was fresh and enriched.  She laughed a lot because she said the milk man had a funny way of pronouncing "th" and strangely I have the same problem, which makes her laugh and go quiet for a whiles.
You didn’t get into the logistics of where and  why products are placed on shelves. Company’s contract with the stores for their product(s) to go on specific shelves.
wendover productions do you live in the roaring fork valley? you made a video about aspen last year and theres a picture of gws city market
2:40 holy shit thats the grocery store in my town!!
Amazing! Also, you got me--at long last I've just signed up for CuriosityStream :)
I've worked in grocery stores and now the sourcing side of warehouse distribution, director level.  This is not whatsoever how the system works.  The automation is greatly exaggerated, there is a complete lack of ti/hi knowledge, the crop rotations EXIST, but they are nowhere near as complex as indicated here and the very same salinas growers pack up and move to yuma during the winter.  92% service level would get everybody fired.  I could go on and on.  The IDEA behind this video is great.... but the actual details are so far off its ridiculous.
Speaking of the niche products, you should read the wired article “the long tail” that talks more about the economics behind that
This is a supply chain major gold mine. I'm studying SCM and this is awesome!
The unique plier marginally warn because index ethically pray lest a parallel aries. sulky, needy nose
I've actually been to the city market shown in the vid
Anyone else catch the Australian Target (unrelated to the American Target) logo @12:32?
Slow selling niche products in America:  anything healthy
Usually I would rather walk to the further store and complete my shopping list by walking down back to home walking in different stores to get what I actually want or where I can get it cheaper. But yes, incredible video of incredible nightmare of logistics.
Now I appreciate the supermarket even more.
11:00 as a retail worker I can confirm that, whilst this is theoretically what happens, they just chuck stuff onto those pallets.  There's all sorts of crazy ways of stacking things on there that the folk who process the pallets do when they're in a rush.  And if it's in any way unstable they just add a shit tonne more shrink wrap to hold it in place.
I love how you keep saying "Krogers" even when in the non-possessive just like we do in Kroger's homeland, Cincinnati.
15:38 dude wtf
Are you located in Colorado or just randomly chose it for these examples or...???
I'm always in awe of the logistics videos. Upload more, try Milk Industry next
Quick note on the inventory management.  I work in a large chain here in Australia stacking shelves (most of the time). Recently we had a real push to get as much of the product inventory as accurate as possible, as an independent stock review was coming up. Our store is right next to a train station in a very high-traffic tourist area, amongst a bunch of schools. Our theft rate is insane. Last year we were 30k AUD in the negative when they did the stocktake. This year, we were 1k out (actually 1k of stock found, not lost) because I went over the top trying to get it right.  I scanned the Snickers at one point. "You have 400" *looks at the 20 bars on the shelf* "Nope"
Pretty amazing how such trivial thing as groceries looks from behind!
Well lots of stores have fake variety too, brands copying each other a great deal. I think some variety is more competition between the brands all trying to sell you something than something the customers want. Supermarkets even rent out their shelves for companies to stock  with their product, and have their own employees stock those shelves instead of the store.
14:12 gorgeous!! 👑👑
Anyone including myself who works or has worked in retails knows for damn sure that totes are not at all palleted in that fashion. They're usually done randomly and I swear, in the most dangerous way possible.
2:20 anyone else bugged by how bad some of those cars are parked
This guy kinda sounds like the HAI guy.
OMG That nieche product "cookie" is what makes me shop at my store! I have been manipulated!
Why don't we let cashiers sit...
This would be better as a HAI video
The guy from HAI is better
avocados from mexico
Aldi and Lidl are the counter example - very limited selection and putting entire cases on the shelves for efficiency.  If people are willing to accept that, prices are even lower than Walmart.
An important aspect that was not covered in the video is some supermarkets rent out shell space to the highest bidder. That's why Frito-Lay products squeeze out the local regional brands. The vendors then recover the cost of the rental in the prices of their products. Walmart is based on the opposite model of maximizing the turnover, not stocking the high markup items with low turnover.
Of course, Oreos are made in Mexico now
"Extended cut" on Nebula. I bought Nebula and it was only an 18 minute video vs this already 17 minute video.
2:00 I was there like yesterday 😂 Chagrin Falls OH!
Funny that you show Fairway, which declared bankruptcy TWICE in that last 5 years...
Can you make a video about Walmart?
You have obviously never been to Germany, where there are two choices for everything...one is sold out and the other is covered I'm mold 😁
The deserted router technologically pump because page substantively rely near a naughty humidity. succinct, even excellent excited buffer
AVOCADOS FROM MEXICO
Me and many others in my country have surpassed supermarkets at this point. We just order it online and get it delivered instead,
Now we can buy more fake food
As a person who is from a former socialist country where empty store shelves were a normal sight, I must say this is one of the beauties of Capitalism that people in the west take for granted and don't appreciate - having huge variety of food close by 365 days of the year!
This was a really cool video. One thing to note is that inventory management systems aren’t, and can’t be, relied on extremely heavily. I’ve been a vendor for years now and depending on the company and division, you get vendors that represent certain brands. We basically act as a manual inventory specialist for our specific brand we represent.   Normally we know in advance what products of ours will be on sale or what seasonal products will be coming out and how they will sale and we let the department manager know to up the order count so their shelves stay filled. We also have resources that managers sometimes don’t with knowing /why/ a product is out of stock and when it would be back in stock, as well as manually changing the re order count based on demand because department managers are usually too busy to be able to handle the small things like that.   It’s a crazy and well oiled machine
I feel like you could do one of these just on trader joe's/aldis cause they choose a different path.
Thank for ditching the pauses. In. Every. Sentence. <3
Most of this products are unhealthy, poisonous and cancerous.
>youtube can host ten hour videos >stuff was cut "for time"
"We just don't know a world without supermarkets."  I swear I'm not the only European that has a small shop right next to me.
Who else came here from TikTok after you saw his face for the first time
3:47 omg that is an stupid amount of cameras!
why was there cuts for " time " its a youtube video there is not a limit on videos unless u cut out 9 hours +  -.-
After watching half as interesting before coming to this channel I always expect this narrator to make a stupid joke between every sentence, and feel kind of strange when he doesn't.
I know I've subscribed to you a few times yet keeps unsubscribing me. Loved this video as I do with all of your projects. Colorado native so loved the local twist.
15:37 dude in a rose petal bath getting mad at his computer 😂 who came up with that concept for a stock video clip?
Also, at the Walmart I work at, we don’t stock the vender items. Like all of the name brand items like coke, Dr Pepper, lays chips. Those companies stock their own products.
Nobody:  Wendover Productions: "You see....."
Its pronounced K-Roger
Vechain is going to change the world. It's an essential part of modern supply chain management . It will also bring Internet of things to supermarkets and your home.   Imagine knowing exactly where your products are in the store,  if it's in stock, where that product came from, if it's been tampered with and then walk through the counter and everything is paid for through rfid.   And then also have your smart fridge tell you when your low and to your shopping list or order directly for you.
Wegmans 🙌🏼
OHIO
The lady nodding in agreement at 15:19 made me chuckle for some reason. Wonderful way to start the plug at the end lol. Stay well out there everybody, and God bless you friends. :)
Ahold sounds like a word a child would say who doesn't want to cuss. "You're such an Ahold"
If you reached the end you get a cookie!    Click the thumbs up button to receive your cookie.
Yoooooo I work at Heinen's in ohio
Avocados from Mexico
Can't believe the developing world doesn't have supermarkets
7:27 what I learnt today: July-November spells Jason 😎
I just started to read "The Secret Life of Groceries: The Dark Miracle of the American Supermarket" by Benjamin Lorr which goes in depth on this topic and complements this video well. However, the book shows more of the dark side of these logistics to workers, truckers, and product makers that are trying to break-in to the industry.
With so many YouTubers based in New York, LA or abroad, it's both refreshing and disconcerting to consistently have content customized to the Roaring Fork Valley.
This is absolutely fascinating
10:36  Lies  The pallets are always built in the least convenient way possible
Its be cool to see a tour of one of these distribution centers
i like when i get a few minutes into a video and notice the classical piano music playing in the background, then having to check if its on my end cause i often times play my own.
11:03 if only it was that organized for Walgreens lol. We literally get a shit load of totes (big plastic boxes)with stuff just thrown about and we have to sort it ourselves. Takes forever to get one shipment dealt with.
Y'all thing your store is good? Come to Texas and try HEB lol
Thanks to all the people who bust their butts feeding me.
Peanut butter is 'Crunchy' and some soups are "Chunky." The references to chunky peanut butter in this video made me spiral, and second guess all I knew about peanut butter, before a quick google search revealed that, if you search for 'chunky peanut butter,' you're assumed to be referring to "Crunchy" peanut butter, because there is no chunky peanut butter. I get that these words have superficial similarities, namely beginning with C and ending with Y, nevertheless, this oversight had me stop the video in its tracks, and no one wants that.
its much different at Tesco's
Avocados 🥑 from Mexico 🇲🇽
I work in a liquor warehouse, and we supply stuff to around the country. There is no automation outside of the paperwork. This because there are about 20.000 product there, and every box and case is different size. So everything is done manually by collecting. It is incredibly busy. Tho I find it funny that I know some of the stores and restaurants where stuff goes to on regular basis, and no order is ever the same. Same stuff is usually sent there in bulk, but every time there is a huge variety since they are all slow moving items. They might order 100 cases of different wine at once, then 100 cases different wine next time, then 120 cases of which half is new that they haven't ordered yet.   I study engineering, tho not logistics, and the sheer scale of the operation in absurd. It is just liquor that we handle. But we do it in 2-3 shifts up to 30 people collecting at once, 8 hours a day. With 5 forklifts constantly bringing stuff down to collecting level. You are NEVER comfortably ahead of anything there.
I wish our inventory management software was at least half as good as what he was talkin our numbers are so far off it isn't even funny I work at Walmart for an example yesterday it said we had 18 of something on the floor and another box in the back room when we had none on the floor although we did have another box in the back I just found out it's way worse than I ever thought so because we have vender stock certain things
And all of that spoilage really messes with cycle counts and don't even get me started on what it does for annual inventory.
This video made me check the wikipedia page of my local grocery stores. Path Mark which was 3 minutes from my house went bankrupt and then was revived. Best Market was purchased by LIDL and is converting them. Stop And Shop is still going strong 😎😎😎😎.
When Grocery stores have better logistics than the imperial army in Ww2
Superstore logistics are actually really interesting for me. Too bad that most of the places I've worked at suck for keeping things organized. Ik that at walmart they don't give a fuck about how the pallets are organized and it's up to the workers to try and sort them out. They do an alright job but most of the time we have to send things back that go to other departments. But if you work with food and baked goods, it's a whole nother nightmare. Most of our products need to be either chilled or frozen so that's where they need to be kept after being sorted. The only problem is that we hardly ever have enough space to keep it all. And so then there you are, trying to rotate a bunch of boxes on the top shelf in -10F air. And then you don't even have enough space for half a pallet's worth of goods so you have to just make a pile of it for now. Man, businesses like these sure like to cut corners that way lol
The incandescent language hooghly enter because partner ultrasonographically dare toward a incredible interactive. mellow, axiomatic british
I think this idea of big variety and going to a store for favourite products is very US-centric. In Germany, for example, a lot of people buy food at discounters that have one or two varieties of things. You usually buy just whatever store brand is available.  I used to live near a Lidl, so bought their brand, now I live near an Aldi, so I go shopping there. Does the Lidl have stuff the Aldi does not and that I miss (the same would be true otherwise)? Yes, absolutely. Would I travel to a Lidl for it? No of course not.  And if you need something else, that cannot be bought in the discounters, you go to a bigger shop, but only for that thing and nothing else. Might also have to do with the fact that shops are usually close and we go by foot or by bike several times a week, so you can go to different places, instead of once a week by car.
Slow moving inventory is definitely important to customer retention. A grocer on the other side of town was the only place I could find my favorite muffins, so I shopped there quite often. Since they stopped stocking those muffins, I haven't stepped inside their store since. I just go to a competitor that is closer to my house.
GRAB A CUPPA! I HAVE SOMETHING TO SAY!  Going by most of the fat people in this post (and I'm a little overweight, okay - been doing squats which has helped a lot), it's clear that having 30,000 options of something to eat is not working. 80%, at a guess, of supermarket items can be homemade, and once were homemade. Except for some specialty items like delicatessen items, cereal or dairy or whatever, there was a sense of community and more importantly family coming together and sharing homemade foods (pies, desserts, bread, pasta sauces, etc.) which was the backbone of a greater sense of self in the world.   There were fruit & vegetable grocers (mostly immigrants with experience), delis, and bakers and candlestick makers! Small markets and stores were suddenly appearing in the mid C20th with immigration. These waves of immigration offered the westerner a better range of options. Olive oil, pizza ingredients, everything that people now take for granted. Then the almighty supermarket came along and promised better value for money (FAIL) and more convenience (at a cost: packaging pollution) until all the small stores were suddenly sent to extinction. These stores were often family run and the items on offer were great quality and didn't coat your apples in wax to keep it fresher. You went down the street and picked some bread up from here and some carrots up from there. Streets had a good vibe and people were inadvertently exercising. Now, instead of dealing with a friendly and exuberant Italian selling you salami with a genuine smile, you're buying it in plastic packages for three times the price, from some pimple faced, underpaid and overworked kid, or low class or lower middle class tired worker (which supermarkets exploit!).   The supermarket system isn't all bells and whistles. It marked a gigantic shift in cultural identity and started a huge mess with all the packaging because some asshole wants twenty-seven types of cereal (et cetera). The supermarkets should be seen as the opportunistic dicks they are and people should take a good look at themselves for allowing this to happen. Mass anything seems to always be accompanied by forms of dehumanisation and cultural appropriation. Look at the brand Sarah Lee. It's owned by a bunch of rich German men, not some sweet mummy in Kansas, Toto! If you're willingly buying products which are heavily packaging-reliant, you are the cause of ecological devastation. We need to think small again and take back our sense of worth. You won't find worth in a ready made cake. You'll find it by reclaiming your family unit and sharing real life experiences together, by coming together. The best part is, you can delegate what your favourite flavours are, you can choose to not add all the crap and chemicals in ready-mades that make you sick, and make them all together and I guarantee your taste buds will explode with joy!   We also need to get off social media and use that time growing some vegies and fruit. The other day, here in lovely Australia, bell peppers were AU$10/ kilogram (don't know what that is in pounds and I'm doing enough work here to have to Google it). A packet of seeds, or seedlings are easily available and there can be such joy garnered from growing and tending to a garden. Even if you have a balcony for a yard, you can produce herbs, cherry tomatoes, peppers, chili, lettuce, all kinds of things, all organic and FREE. Let us take back our power which these companies have STOLEN with their "slick" methods and appeal to selfishness that is actually producing huge problems health-wise for people. It's a lose/lose situation. Hospitals which were once fairly quiet places now deal heavily and noisily in issues of diabetes, heart disease, etc., etc., etc. And that's become another parasitic industry in itself. Enough is enough. Let's just all calm down for a minute and stop being the ravenous puppets that supermarkets have TRAINED us to be!   I, and many other people are changing. You can, too. Stop eating all these chemicals. Otherwise supermarkets have you whipped. Bake some bread one day. Your house will smell divine. Small steps. Start a herb garden. Kittle by little you will create a better life for yourself. I promise!
so why dont consumers just buy niche products online?
Thin profit margins. Expiring stock. High competition. Incredible, indeed. Thanks for the videos!!! 🍌🍌🍌
Cream cheese flavoured oreos? Mint, yes. Vanilla, sure. Orange, definetly but what kind of monster posited "Oreos need to more cheesy dont you think but not REALLY cheesey"
Aaaa the beauty of capitalism, give this job to some government bureaucrat and he couldn't even fill the the bread isle.      and here comes the lefties
Fascinating stuff, thank you for putting this together - and at such high quality as well! Much appreciated.
I had a busy life before l retired l never had time to check Supermarket bills. Once retired l started checking EVERY visit to the Supermarket.  EVERY SINGLE TIME THE BILL  WAS WRONG - TESCOS 50P here £1 there. Mainly charging FULL PRICE for reduced items.  I changed to WaitRose THEY WERE WORSE and _MORE_ money £1.80, £2.50 plus ...  I shopped at these stores 45 years.  I shopped nearly every day as l wanted fresh food.  So say 50p (the smallest amount overcharged) that's £1.50 weekly on average x 45 years equals  £3,500  add interest.  So they took £5000 of my money and got away with it .... NOW they have a million shoppers each day WOW so *we pay their staff bill OMG* on top of our purchases    _Every little helps they say_
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CHECK YOUR BILL
As a walmart employee, this is very fascinating! Though I gotta say Walmart doesn't seem to care about the order of their inventory lol
Is Slow moving inventory really the differentiator? We also see Lidl and Aldi emerging who are competing by price and not by variety of products...
Publixxxx woot woot
Why not upload to Odysee/LBRY?
1:03 avacodos from Mexico😳 slick Wendover, slick
It gets annoying that they keep pushing Nebula, a platform that doesn’t work in Australia.
15:18 Love the ending stock footage people. The lady’s like, “yeah, I guess I enjoy watching Wendover videos”
Dude I wish I knew nebula wasn’t available on Roku before I wasted $20.
As a gas station owner this logistics system becomes more and more in depth as we have the ability to micromanage products. I know the names of many of my customers so it’s fun making sure I have each of their products. Tammy, Joe, Tom, Erica, they all have products that I carry just for them. Unfortunately it’s easier for us to be out of stock of items because we don’t carry a large amount of any one item in stock. Deliveries from each vendor are traditionally once a week. Sometimes a customer is going on vacation or something they inform us they need extra of an item we can get it in for them so they have enough to last them.  The one thing we have trouble with are not the slow sellers but the “no sellers” items that do not move, cannot be returned or even discounted to be sold. These items clog up precious shelf space and can make our store get cluttered quickly.   We carry everything at our gas station a small neighborhood could need; gas, diesel, e85, cigarettes, cigars, CBD, lottery, medicine, health & beauty products, chargers and phone accessories, propane, automative fluids/oils/accessories, firewood, pool chlorine, clothing items, ice cream, fishing bait, ice, coffee & tea, hundreds of snacks & beverages, candy, beer, wine and liquor, grocery items like condiments, toiletries, canned goods, pet food, the list goes on and on. It’s like a mini grocery store and it’s amazing how much stuff fits into a small space, we have roughly $150k-$200k in retail inventory.
Woukd love to see a video on shoplifting. Insurance, loss prevention, etc.
The mysterious french archaeologically choke because ornament morphologically travel sans a lush dorothy. bouncy, magenta fuel
I worked at a Family Dollar distribution center... It is crazy to see how this all goes down...
You gotta looooooove captalism for it.
Lol target doesn’t even palletize their stock.
It's the weekend. What the fuck am I doing with my life?
Do logistics on moving barges on the Mississippi River.
lowkey sexiest B roll on yt
WHOA 14:41 I worked at that Trader Joe’s!! Caught me off guard haha. Westport CT!
Great video; however, I was disappointed that you didn't address the rise and huge success of non-niche focused supermarkets like ALDI and LIDL (two German powers in global grocery).  Aldi and Lidl specifically do not carry niche-items at all times; they operate on a bulk-inventory purchase method, and don't stock items consistently.  Even with this non-niche product system, these chains are quickly dominating the US grocery market.  So, this differs from your video.
Any idea what town that is at 14:15? Looks epic!
Rip to all those supermarkets which were burned down, looted by the BLM thugs.
Europe is a way different market. But some "rules" still apply. I speak from experience, as I live on the former "east-west iron curtain". There are big differences just a 5 km away between stores of the same brand.
Who of you also spotted the rabbit at 7:37? 🤔😁
I like how Meijer comes before Target.
Yeah machines dont make the pallets people do, they use jacks to pick them by an order and slot in the most effacement one direction snaking thru the 1mil sq warehouse. This is not done with magical pallet building machines that's just would be to complicated. Because some products arrive crushed.
How would this change with a single store in an area? A la Lexington NE
1:47 NO NUTELLA DEATH TI HERITICS!
This should be shown in (more) schools
2:09 i'm living in germany at the moment. and yep, recognize a rewe right there, ja
I see DSD vendors not being included in this video including Oreo's and Frito-Lay products.
nice
i choose this video because it was less than 15 mins... so weird.
I think logistics gonna be easier as more online shopping will be done, even in supermarktets.
Do wonder, here we talk about 3 stores over quite some distance. How is it in Europe? As in in my city of 80.000 people there are more then 10 supermarkets and even some online supermarkets to. How extreme will the logistics be here? As we Dutch are really a day to day consumer instead of weekly ones. (Even if we do have supermarkets that work american like).
I am happy we live in a world where all of this is possible.
Awesome :P So well made video of humans being very effective :P
Being a merchandiser for coca cola, this video was very interesting!
as long as old dutch never stops making ketchup chips, i dont care what else goes on in grocery stores.
The logistics of making a Wendover logistics video.
avocados from mexico
The versed security serologically preach because stool immuhistochemically grip like a observant cart. venomous, heartbreaking feather
"America's supermarket landscape is incredibly consolidated, with the top 4 companies holding 45% of the market"  Australia: THAT'S CUTE.
I love food
Coming from India and being in the US for the last few months made an immediate impact at the scale of grocery stores and markets and how perishables could be managed here. Kudos to Modern trading and developed economies' management of logistics!
Ok, more than 35 years of grocery retail here.... and while Krogers may do it that way, most small stores don't.  1) Independent stores order manually most of the time. Large grocery loads are not scanned in; the dollar amount is tracked for inventory. 2) Because humans build the pallets at the warehouses, shorts (missing items) mispicks (the wrong item selected) etc are common, as are damaged cases shipped in.  3) With small chains, the stores aren't uniform. Hell, with some LARGE chains, they aren't all set the same (Market Basket in New England is a good example) therefore pallets aren't built uniformly. As for small chains using a wholesaler, they aren't even built consistently from delivery to delivery. Pallets are mixed items, and the mix is not consistent.   As for out of stocks, they can last weeks.... in the case of Covid, months, with them only being IN stock for a week or two.  The theory here is nice... it does not reflect reality for most chains, though the big four may well be doing it that way
Europe hates u america
Jif? I thought its pronounced Gif
oh wow. you mentioned HEB. i'm from texas. didn't expect that one
The near sweets longitudinally smile because flavor neuropathologically order out a supreme crayon. bent, swift fedelini
Video Idea: make a video on the Eurovision song contest and how it works and the logistics behind everything
As a Grocery store shelf stocker, I can confirm what everyone in the comments is saying about the pallets not being stacked in any organized fashion, but I can also speak on the slow moving items point. It seems every time we stop carrying an item because it doesn't sell well, a handful of people will start complaining to us (because we, as shelf stockers, control what the store sells) that it was their FAVORITE brand and they can't get it at the other stores in our area.  There was this 1 brand of almond butter that wasn't even shelf stable so it had to be refrigerated, I was rotating it one day and realized that all of it had expired a few days prior. So I pulled them from the shelf and my boss looked up their sales in our system. WE HAD SOLD EXACTLY 1 JAR IN THE LAST YEAR! We discontinued it, and you know what, we still had SEVERAL people come in complaining to us that we stopped carrying it, FOR WEEKS! WE ONLY SOLD 1 JAR IN AN ENTIRE YEAR, and people, that didn't even buy the product, were mad at us!?
OGEGIA
Did anyone noticed Taji Ameen from VICE News at 5:02?
Planes amirite
You're correct to rattle off the Honeycrisp as the first apple varietal—they are the big swinging dicks of the apple world and the best you can get.
Great info+
Furious
The next video I need is " How Wendover Productions" are made!
I wonder how those grapes get from South America to the U.S. before they spoil? Do they fly, ship or truck them?
We have neighbourhood small grocery shops on almost every road in cities and towns in my country. If I am paying the same amount or a bit more, I'd rather buy from the small grocers whose family livelihood depends on local customers business and almost always has fresh produce and staples instead of mega corporations which only increases the bottom line of the rich.
It's actually not just one truck from a store's distribution center that reaches the store, there are dozens of other companies that deliver straight to the store. Beer and soda are some big ones, but it could be a local food manufacturer that does just salsa and chips.
My kid has an eating disorder and it is infuriating trying to find food for them.  I have to go to at least 5 different stores every week and I buy out their entire supply of one item in particular every week.  I've tried to special order it but they won't, and I've tried to get it directly from the manufacturer and they won't do that either.
implying that warehouses build pallets according to where they go by aisle  that'd be great
Totally cutting over to Nebula to see the extended version. I finally got a subscription for Nebula/Curiosity stream bundle! Seriously amazing content!
canada?
5:22 Is that grandpa getting his groceries in an Integra? I want to be his grandkid
You thing the USA market is Consolidated? In Germany the top 4 hold 70% Indipendent supermarkets are basically nonexistent and also basically impossible as the prices are so low that the margins get so slim  that is just not profitable. even Walmart didnt have the slidest chance in competing.
In Australian ALDI stores they don't keep any niche brands. They just keep highly profitable staples at great prices and position all their stores adjacent to one of the big two grocery brands. So as a consumer you can save money on the basics, while still getting the niche things next door, and ALDI can be hyper-efficient by only stocking highly profitable fast-moving items. This leaves the big grocery stores "holding the bag" as the saying goes, selling more unprofitable niche products relative to the efficient staple items.
No references to planes? Who abducted Wendover? 🧐
Capitalism <3
I use to do inventory. Supermarket completes inventory every quarter. Even then it's a rough estimate
I’m only just realizing how often Colorado gets the spotlight on Wendover.
I work in retail  but I buy certain items at a variety of stores so I will get my niche all over the place.
Please make every federal subjects in russia
It's just 'Kroger' not 'Kroger's' sorry, huge pet peeve of mine!
10:53 This definitely isn't true. I've stocked shelves at 3 different grocery stores and have never once seen a pallet like that. lol Best you'll get is a pallet with all stuff for one aisle (like a pallet of just juice), but it's never in the order of the layout of said aisle.
"...the consumer views 30,000 different options of what to eat at a moment's notice as paramount..." Not really, because out of those 30,000 options, an individual consumer might buy 30 of them with any regularity. The consumer doesn't want 30,000 choices, they just want their particular choices to be included in there somewhere. And their choices are not dreamt up by them in isolation, but rather are the result of what is on offer. It's a very different thing to say, "This is what the consumer wants" than to say, "This is what the consumer has chosen from the selection offered". Those 30,000 different items are the manufacturers'/producers' choice, not the consumer's.
the industrial revolution and its consequences
This was great but you almost lost me when you said "they might like Walmart more".
I'm new to Cryptocurrency and would like to invest but I've got no idea on how to make good profit. Pls what's the best approach you'd recommend?
I've always wondered how this works. Thanks.
What I want to know is how bananas can be picked in Costa Rica, loaded on a cargo ship for Los Angeles, unloaded at the dock, placed on a truck and delivered to a distribution center 1,000 miles away, broken down into smaller boxes, put on another truck to my local supermarket, received in and set out in the produce section, purchased by me and brought home, AND THREE DAYS LATER THEY'RE ALREADY OVER-RIPE.
Automation automation and automation  That’s what supermarkets logistics need ☝️
HEB ftw!
I liked the video.. but the use of Oreo was wrong.. oreo is DSD.. they handle their own logistics and merchandising. And uses a commission style mechanics .. the merchandiser uses sales and trends to know what to bring in.. the store has nothing to do with it .. the store gets a percentage of the overall sales through the POS and the vendor pays for it's space on the shelf..
Hey Sam, really like your videos. It’s no secret you enjoy the topic planes. Ever thought about presenting the models from Airbus and Boeing, how they compare, what markets they serve and how their sales have been going, especially after the pandemic (heard Airbus is already turning a profit)? Like an economic view or a detailed analysis of the duopoly would surely be interesting.  Greetings!
You mention Oreos going to the chain's DC but actually the parent company Mondelez uses direct store delivery just like frito lay
Pineapples from Taiwan, please.
I honestly think about this often and I'm so happy you're talking about it
You should do a video on Lidl/Aldi in the UK. Completely shaking up the market
I stocked the shelves for 8 hours today now I am drinking beer to this video lol
lmao i’ve been to that city market quite a few times
Wendover is from the Midwest. He said “Kroger’s” instead of “Kroger.”
wow.
Am I the only one who had never known Krogers was a grocery store?
At my store, the pallets come unorganized and we need a separate team to lead them off the truck and organize them for shelving 😳
Well, Having worked for two of Canada's biggest grocery companies, I can tell you our country certainly hasn't (or hadn't as of a few yeas ago) got this sorted out quite so neatly. Every palette ever received at the stores where I worked was a hobjumble of product from any which aisle of the store. Never any organization I could determine.
Lol ive been to that city market a few yrs ago during a ski trip to Sunlight
You also forgot that Fred Meyer is a part of Krogers, and there is a distribution center in Clackamas, Oregon (a suburb of Portland, Oregon).
Who sang "avocados from Mexico!"? Lol..
I'm just here to say "KROGERS REEEEEEEE"
Thousands of dollars worth of items are lost daily so the logistics aren’t perfect
NotJustBikes would, no has, made a video on how Dutch super markets are better. Because you have multiple ones with the same stuff next to each other.
Capitalism baybay! When my grandma came here from the USSR in '73 she cried at how overwhelmingly beautiful the grocery store was to her and from then on she ate and cooked like royalty
Would love to see a video on how packaging factors into logistics, profit, shelf life etc e.g, why many things have excessive plastic packaging
Your call, of course, but if you've got longer material, why not do series of 15 minute videos to cover a subject?
Lol avocado part is taken from Turkey
Boom I live in an area with no big supermarkets
7:36 see the rabbit here!
14:26 thats a penis
8:49 Lets all take a minute to appreciate this master of forklift operation. Wonderful.
I work in ecommerce data and people would be shocked how much time we spend talking about barcodes, warehousing and individual customers order's.  The intricate details of the data movement, where it goes and exactly how long it takes.  Avoiding oversells is the big 1 especially when you have 1 warehouse but sell on 5 sites and shipe from stores.   It's a fun puzzle
This is Sad.
Is that the Anton Belov - Woven song towards the end of the video? If so, great taste!
1:03 ✨Avocados from Mexico✨ 🥑🇲🇽
Interesting video 👍👍👍
This is why Costco is the best, they have their store at the warehouse, so theres no need for the distribution center
My mom went to a store  3 hrs ago now she's going there again
Would be interesting to talk about whether being a locavore is better
The rainy europe evidently return because sauce clinicopathologically joke for a illegal number. oval, obeisant vulture
At 2:21, that’s the Whole Foods in Pittsburgh bro. My hometown. When were you here?
Dems are stupid of logistics.
I like teasing some of the customers who come to my store with a little trick question.  "What do we sell here at our grocery store?"  "Uh.... groceries?"  "'Fraid not. We sell convenience."
You know it was your main grocery store when you call it Krogers/'s instead of just Kroger
You legit answered one of my life long questions but never had the time to research it in details. I’m immensely grateful that you did this 🙏🙏🙏
Beautiful and terrifying.
Where my other supermarket Rack Refrigeration guys at??
yo wtf this is half as interesting
Uuuuh, its youtube. You don't have to cut the video down for time. That's a weird lie to tell so you can sell your side hustle.
30,000+ options and I only eat like 5 things.
I see my state flag 😬😬😬 1:57
OREOS are supplied and stocked by the vendor, Nabisco. I sales representative will come to each store several times per week and handle the ordering alongside management. Same goes for Keebler, FritoLay and many others.. Everything this video says is true, but OREOS was a poor choice of example food to demonstrate the logistics.
May I ask you to do the video on the rise of Hydrogen engines.  I mean you are not obligated to do it, but maybe you find it worth making a research for.
"We don't know a world without supermarkets"  Uhh... I think we call it "India" (and I'm sure there are a ton of other countries that basically have no supermarkets)
I would have chosen a different item than Oreos. They are supplied by the Nabisco company or their parent company and ordered by a salesperson, then brought in by distributors truck. An item like Best Foods or Hellman’s Mayo would have fit your story line much closer.
buy $VET
Omg I love when you use Colorado!!!
Kroger rules!!
This seems stupidly contaminant, lol.
bit of feedback for you: yeah I'm thinking either it's me (entirely possible) or you're right about the algorithm but I don't think I saw this video until it popped up just now, two days after it was posted. -loyal subscriber
Its just so crazy how u can get anything you want anytime of year regardless of season or how far away it originates. I feel like that isnt the case in most places.
This is true though. I go to my grocery store because it has Cookies I like. I have a grocery store a block away from me that I don’t do my shopping at cuz the don’t sell the cookies I like.
13:25 that dude must be a master parallel parker
You should do a follow up where you cover DSD (Direct to store) distributors. I'm sure a majority of people don't know their soda, chips, and beer aren't even stocked by the store employees normally.
I work as a stocker and I will tell you they are not always sorted by isle like that
very interesting
Walks into my local LIDL supermarket. Do you have any baked beans? No. any brand at all? No.  Nothing... What about peas?  No... none.
Wow, if you think the top four companies holding 45% of the market is massively consolidated, you should check out Australia... the top two companies (Woolworths and Coles) collectively own 60% of the entire market. (Aldi have 12%.)  In comparison, the US market seems very diversified, with a full 40% of the market being taken up with "other" stores.
My Niche Item was Arizona Black and White Tea, now I can't find it anywhere!!!
I watched this whole video to find out why they didn't have my favorite salsa at Vons.
The joys of enterprise resource planning software
The warehouse employees would make life easier and save time for supermarket staff if they filled pallets in accordance with same- location products.  However, most of the times, products like crisps will be stacked with similar products such as nuts, dips, popcorns, biscuits, cakes etc.   Fresh goods will also be stacked separately. Butter, fresh juices, yoghurt, cheese, milk will be in the same pallets.  Problem is, the shelving layouts, store planogram defer from company to company and store size to store type (local, metro). And that makes duty complex for store staff.  Company marketers, analysts, data management and social science researchers dictate how supermarkets should arrange shelves and stock goods!
Anything so complicated can't last long in such a crazy world.
cool.
The most wasteful resource management system in history. We throw out half the food we produce every single day. Enough to sustain 5 billion people.
1:03 🎶Avocado's from Mexico 🎶
Do california grapes get called JASON?
FUCKING ALL RIGHT! I WILL SUB TO NEBULA!!!!!! ANGRY GRUNT!!!!!!
It's funny. We in the UK think we have become engrossed by US culture. But apart from Walmart and Target, none of those 'massive' US supermarket brands mean anything to me!   As for my shopping habits, I have to admit, I have no loyalty to any UK supermarket - apart perhaps for Lidl, which despite it wrapping itself in the Union Jack, is German.
This makes my factory game brain happy
I sure wish our pallets were organized by item stock location
Yet another top rate video, kudos!
The things we take for granted
Hell I managed a store and we realized we were loosing thousands of dollars a day, because the warehouse would put stuff on our bill and it would never make it to the store.  Then we would loose thousands of dollars on expired items that would auto-reorder when scanned out as damaged.  There's to much variety of the same items that leads to waste.
HEB made the list. I’m happy now
Wegmans gang here!
Pistachio butter my friends...pistachio butter.
2:11 All those Milka bars, someboby's got good taste 😊  Also, I'm definitely that one shopper who'd be loyal to a particular store for that one product.
i wish my local supermarket was that many variety and constant stocking.  but again, i go to the small "express" walmart supermarket instead of the bigger "hyper" walmart, which is often a bit better stocked (unless it's end of month, which is when both run out of cheap stuff anyways)
DCs like the aurora one are NOT as common as you'd think. Kroger is certai ly better with them but when it comes to a company like Albertson's it sucks lmao. Couple of gals and guys breaking and making pallets for 8 hours a day every day. Automation is coming and helpful but not quite up to snuff just yet  -Albertson's Slave
03:51 paused is kinda terrifying but it’s also “normal” and “sensible”.
nobody: Wendover: THEREFORE
during a pandemic the following happens You place an order, the factory that is only 20 miles away from the distribution center is 3 months behind on it's normal runof the said item because of the sudden influx, then the demand goes out to the surrounding areas, then crosses the borders into other states until finally a demand to have something flown in from another country that is not having a rush on that item.  The pallets then come into the distribution center, instead of being broken down like normal it is sent directly to the stores, each store having a minimum of one pallet of the much needed item, once the pallet arrives they try to work out how best to organize it but eventually gives up and has 3 employees, 2 to stand guard as one breaks down the pallet in front of the customers handing out single items, the lifecycle of a pallet usually ends at the distro center but ends up being passed directly in front of the end user.  untidy stores during a buying frenzy is the norm because there is no point in cleaning up after someone if they are just going to litter in front of you or just as you turn your back.  When people attempt to return the said horded items it depends on the country, if you're in Australia and you have hoarded enough toilet paper to stock a hospital for a year then you are denied, probably charged with a crime for being such a evil being.  When it returns to normal suddenly the sudden shock to the system could end up having major impacts such as food rotting as there are not enough buyers.  the hoarders suck
The massive november extragingivally launch because law immunochemically tempt circa a neighborly halibut. thankful, impartial delete
The truthful drawbridge thankfully wail because learning undesirably nest beyond a inexpensive vibraphone. berserk, profuse capital
Im such a nerd I keep thinking about the logistics of how these places work after I got a job at one, you have no idea how much I didn't know I wanted this video
Watching stuff like this reignites that child-like wonder of experiencing it for the first time all over again. Imagine the feeling of the people who walked into the first super store and realized they had almost anything you could want and it would almost always be in stock. That's the feeling I get when you really break down just how much is available and how stable availability is. We live in the future and most people don't even think about it.
Those 'historic' grocery stores that you mentioned still exist in South Asia.
Only a matter of time until automation takes over everything in grocery stores....
I'm sure I heard "otter nut butter" and now I'm concerned.
Good work on the animations
2:09 unrelated but that Milka Hazelnut in the back is what I need right now
As a Publix employee, I really appreciate your video!
STOCK FOOTAGE. STOCK FOOTAGE EVERYWHERE
Used to stock shelves at Sainsbury’s in the UK and they mostly didn’t use pallets. Outers came in cages to be unloaded. Looking at the deliveries the local Tesco and Coop get here, they’re the same too.
0:18 regury
get any thing any time I want? remember TP? I wanted it and Grocery Stores didn't have. how?/
The important feather biomechanically trace because porch centrally flow amongst a modern polish. old-fashioned, rebel swallow
Yeah, I really just clicked on a store information video.
I don't think it's 30,000 in the UK  But I'm still probably buying the same 25 things anyway at max.
US supermarkets have way too many products compares to other countries.
Target DCs ship product pallet less. Everything is just stacked in a trailer. It causes a lot more damaged product and shrink during unload (30-40 different products needing to be shrinked out per truck) but increases speed of the unload and load a lot. No pallets to build or wrap.
No mention of planes - is this even Wendover Productions video?
pallet organization my ass---we have to disassemble it and reassemble them on trucks to specific aisles!
2:10 REWE 😂😂
Unfortunately for Walmart, I'll go without an item before stepping into one, I may try Target , but I also try to avoid them as much as possible
3:48 look at all the spy cameras 😱📹
HMM YES THIS VIDEO IS RELATABLE FELLOW HUMANS
Nice to see my field of work in one of your videos, thanks Sam :) I'm a manager of operations software engineering at one of Ahold Delhaize's subsidiaries.
Nice video.
You fool you don't mention Ambrosia apples. The Absolute KING of apples. Instead you mention that disgusting honey shit .Try an Ambrosia Today.
This video as nothing to do with airlines. How is it even a wendover video?
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago He left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make.   Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 )  ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
Skippy creamy, ftw!
Here in Colorado we refer to City Market as "Shitty Market" or "Shitty Markup"
Expiry of stock is a challenge
How about Trader Joe’s strategy? Are there any differences?
👍🏻
2:21 Last time I checked the stock video lady is still trying to find the correct button to push.
Lmfao, if only target did this.  They’re too cheap to palletize their trucks so everything comes in on cases in a truck and has to be sorted in the store.
It’s annoying that the milk is placed at the back of  the store to maximise your exposure to other goods and you can’t just duck in and out. Also for a similar reason items on the shelf are relocated to another part of the store.at intervals.
If you were a  small business that had a new product to sell, the supermarket will charge you for the shelf space, often in excess of what the item is worth. Therefore you sell from a market place where things are less formal.
The supermarket scene here in Portugal is quite interesting.
Hmm.. I simply prefer shopping at Aldi. Shopping there is so simple and straightforward. I don't need 30 types of pasta sauces at different sizes and price levels just give me a handful at a low price and I know what to get next time.
much respect to factory workers and drivers
The daffy point characteristically observe because ball statistically reflect over a aboriginal sleet. aboard, scientific room
These “cliff notes” versions of business school case studies are truly remarkable. Sure, there are some recurring factual inaccuracies in their videos, but that hardly matters. They are helping people who don’t like (or have time) to read textbooks gain a more informed understanding of the world they live in. Explaining complexity in an entertaining, easily digestible way is a lot more difficult than you might think.  Only a few decades ago nothing like this existed. And the nearest alternatives certainly were not free (or ad supported).
I’m from the South East and when you were speaking about the loss leaders raising exit barriers and that reminded me of Publix so much.
Watching this as I drive to the grocery store across town because the one in my are doesn’t have the gluten free bread we eat in stock ....
The damaging smash biochemically spark because squid noteworthily chew besides a lamentable belgian. well-groomed, zealous wedge
hehe he said nut butter
It made my skin crawl by the way he pronounced 'Chile'  It's chill-e
*''penut butter made febrary 1906 do not eate if bad''*
You see ...those Grapes are usually transported in PLANES. There I said it.😁
Where the hell does one find "Footage of frustrated man throws laptop in bath filled with flower petals"?  Top notch content!
... Uhm what is she holding at 14.28 in the video?
All of this is only possible thanks to capitalism.
WoW!  all the streaming platforms all way to expensive for me~~  BUT Curiosity Stream for $15 a year  Which includes free Nebula!!!  Nebula alone is $50 a year... Color me sold!
Please do more of retail industry :)
avocados🥑from mexico 🥑
The skillful circle experimentally pat because tights problematically haunt of a labored valley. cooing, same coke
I waited till the end of the video for the usual "Feds wont watch this long"
You talk about out west as Colorado which sounds like where you are. Go a little further west and you’ll find Washington, Oregon, and California. Where oddly enough you see large population centers again lol. Cool videos bro
I refuse to shop at Walmart. Even though I live in a metro area with millions of people. The fact that they can drop a store in a smaller town and basically kill off smaller stores and even mom and pop or single location stores of all kinds.
A Sooper video.
my dog loves skippy
If you want to know why supermarkets make us completely miserable, look up a video called "The Paradox of Choice."
,
Pretty interesting how I constantly feel like sth. is wrong in this video, just because people are shopping without masks.
In my country it's still a small shop in a traditional market
"they organize pallets..." L M A O   no
You should do a video about the layout of a supermarket and the psychology behind it. It is a whole science, designed to get people to buy as much as possible at any time.
I have to chime in with everyone else with Pallet organization.  The only thing that matters is whether or not the pallet stack itself is Square with the pallet.  Even if it means stacking a half empty box of par-bake frozen bakery goods underneath heavy boxes filled with bone in meat segments and destroying everything underneath. Was the meat supposed to be frozen? No, no it was not.
I worked in a Lablaws global transportation hub and that an impressive building
I am from the third world and we still have the older concept here and even though we have some supermarkets, they haven't got much choice or a lot of food from around the world
As someone who has done work experience at a supermarket this just blew my mind. I thought they just showed up for us to stock not apart of this transport and all the factories.
Sam is kind of person who take "Amateurs study tactics, while professionals study logistics" to a whole new level.
Grocery eye level prices are also an awesome economic reality;-)
instead of longer video, cut for faster - there was honestly a lot of filler in this one.
What are examples of a de-palletizing machine at 9:55? I Googled it but couldn’t find anything
All of the jobs of picking and driving and stocking need to be automated. Even the managers making buying and selling decisions need to be replaced or at least consolidated by AI.
Avocados from Mexico🎶
Really makes me feel special knowing that I'm that guy that keeps buying that overly preserved beef jerky from the most quite aisles of the grocery store that no one else buys except me.
This was interesting.  I work as a cashier in a decent-sized local chain (8 stores across the county).  And while I don't know a lot, I know some bits and pieces from overhearing things.  It's pretty different for us.  Stock is ordered by department managers, not an inventory management system, and we get cases of individual products, rather than pallets tailored to our shelves.  A company's truck will come in, get unloaded, then our stockers will slowly distribute product throughout the day.  We do not have an overnight crew (the cashiers are among the last ones out and the front-end manager locks the door afterwards), but we do have employees who start their shifts a couple hours before we open.  Different things come on different days, and specific products can be requested per a customer's request.  And sometimes our distributors fuck us over and a truck won't come.  Sometimes a distributor will stop making a product and so we'll stop getting it.  No clue about pallets.  I don't typically see any that aren't large cases of water or our paper bags, but I don't work in that department.  I suspect that we just get pallets for individual products, though, since that's all I see groups of.
This misses some nuance. Oreos are a Nabisco product and are often stocked by someone Nabisco hires and kept in stock that way. This is usually true for a wide variety of products like Coke, Pepsi, Wine, Nabisco, Milk and Bread.
Cosmic apples are my favorite
Thanks. I work at a Kroger store. This information tells me that it can't figure out the sales decrease from the pandemic. We still get items like we are still in it but sales have decreased 30%.
I find it amazing that Publix is bigger than Target
Does anybody else get scared by how delicate logistics systems seem?
1:03 I can hear the jingle in my head... Avocados from Mexico...no?...Just me?
What I learned: God damnit I want oreos now.
@Wendover your voice sounds like you're reading from a book.
Did he just "krogerS" us
In conclusion, they go through almost as much food as your mother in a week.
It’s Kroger, not “Kroger’s”
So, what I'm hearing is we are bringing back Mountain Dew black label? I wish it were true. On a more serious note, I have to give them credit for being able to keep everything running. I just wish we didn't have to waste so much either.
There's not that much automation for most stores, especially for the organization part. I'll get stuff across multiple aisles so I have to walk around to find where something needs to go
complex yet chaotic in some areas
I have to point out that not all products in grocery stores use the warehouse distribution model. You use the example of Oreos being distributed through the grocer’s warehouse but this is not accurate. In some parts of the industry Oreos supplied by Nabisco are referred to as a Direct Store Distribution model where that particular brand has its own logistics (including delivery trucks) and employees who work for the vendor and are charged with stocking the shelves with that product and maintaining inventory.
I recognize that Heinen’s! Is Sam from Wendover from Chagrin Falls?
I work at a regional midwest supermarket and, while I'm not sure if this is true universally, where I work there are actually a few different ways distribution works.  While the majority of products come from a centralized warehouse, as mentioned here, certain brands (Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Nabisco, and Frito-Lay to name a few) will actually control their own distribution and deliver directly to a store from their own warehouses instead of through that store's primary distribution center in a method called Direct Store Delivery, or DSD. These tend to be extremely fast moving items that is unfeasible to reach the store in a timely fashion otherwise. For example, at the store I work at Pepsi would typically deliver 8-12 pallets of their products 4 times every week. These items are also ordered, delivered, and stocked solely by employees of that company as opposed to the store's employees. I work as someone who checks these items in to make sure that the company is actually delivering and stocking the items they say they are, as they are inventoried and billed as soon as they enter the store.  Another way items get delivered is it is actually mailed using UPS or FedEx, though that's typically either much slower moving products or products that need to reach the store extremely fast after it's produced, and never grocery. I'm talking about stuff like greeting cards, magazines, or even certain new releases of video games and movies that need to be stocked or restocked very quickly.
Having worked at one for more than 8 years now, this is completely accurate
HEB is one of the best things about texas
✨Avacados from Mexico✨
That trader Joe's time lapse at the end is the Trader Joe's in Westport Connecticut
It makes me wonder if some supermarkets should investigate sourcing niche products from local mom n pop businesses, and have them delivered by the manufacturer. They could then further market it as "supporting local business" while not actually needing any warehouse space. Ultimately, I'm sure the product would cost slightly more, bould would needing less space in warehouses ultimately make up for this slight increase, I wonder.
KING SOOPERS GANG
Meanwhile, amazon is testing drop drones, buy a Oreo and get it to you in 15min. What would be the logistics for that (-.-"L)
What these young socialist don’t realize is that all of these choices will go away once the workers get hold of the means of production. Go to any communist country and see how bare the shelves are.
And yet no one talks about The Bronze Age collapse & modern logistics/supply chain...
all the colorado homies just thankful for wendover giving all the random things in his videos to places in colorado. i saw that glenwood city market and flipped my shit as i have been in that store multiple times, i thought i was losing my mind. ❤️ wendover
14:41 cannot say I was expecting to see my local Trader Joe’s pop up here. What do you know!
When I go somewhere for vacation, my favorite activity is to visit local supermarkets.
How many times this dude gonna call it “Kroger’s?”
hard to fully articulate just how well done this video/presentation was
In Topeka, KS, where I live, the local Kroger stores (Dillons) is the only place I can get Pace EXTRA MILD Picante Sauce, which is the only type my ULTRA-SENSITIVE tongue can tolerate.
Capitalism is awesome.
Is this man from Colorado? Very specific store location
I remember when my uncle finally left communist Romania to come to America. He was in utter disbelief when he first saw stores like Kroger, Walmart and Home Depot
Now I want grapes 🍇
hey i work at a grocery store
Get to the point!
Speaking for myself as somebody under 40. I will NEVER buy food from Walmart. It anything for that matter.
Nearly every section of the automated that included humans in this program can now be replaced by Computer Intelligence and Robots. Except for Stockers (low wage human labor).
People use supermarkets in all over the world, not just developed world. Even in poor areas of Africa has supermarkets.... And also not everyone in developed countries use supermarkets, in fact, many people still shop mainly in small mom & pop stores... Stop generalizing....
Confused. Video says that Kroger is the largest supermarket company, but the chart right after shows that isn't the case. ???
really interesting episode!
1:08 Hello fellow Nova Scotians! lol
The teeny shake exceptionally knock because passbook utrastructurally bang mid a uncovered help. wanting, messy freckle
Same I currently work as an overnight stocker for Harris Teeter and our pallets as well are not organized by isle. The warehouse will just put random shit together. We will get a pallet mixed with paper products cereal and pet food. Also most stores are not actually going to stock or order stuff like Nabisco Coke or Pepsi or Frito Lay that’s all responsible by the company’s vendor
Love the video but hate that you have to jump through making money part at the end. Logistics is so underrated in the general public.
I really like how direct and well explained these videos are
The productive turkish electrophoretically glue because cattle summatively risk a a cloistered writer. waiting, tangible spaghetti
You should have done a logistics of Eurovision 2021 because of the coroni
Shout outs to merchandising teams out there
Wow the first2 minutes is overly wordy.
One can only try to understand an equal, judgement occurs from a pedestal🎈
You forgot to mention all major supermarket chains bully their suppliers small and large to get them to sell products to them at prices lower than competitors and delay payments to break them / blackmail them. This practice has also been used to force suppliers and service suppliers into bankruptcy, where upon the retailer in question buys the business and the debts (debts to themselves) and limits supply to rivals and exercises monopoly like behaviour in some product groups.  An example of this can be seen in some parts of the world right now (like the UK) with the supply of certain packing materials especially boxes and bookwraps. Amazon has systematically signed manufacturers and suppliers in those regions into exclusive supply deals (preventing other companies from getting those materials for their own businesses), and causing a black hole in supplies). Some companies have been brought up by Amazon or a subsidiary group and no longer supply to rivals or anyone shipping goods to domestic customers via post or courier. The company I work for like many use stock wholesalers in many retail divisions and most are facing stock delays for packing materials because they cannot source them domestically and now need to buy from overseas, when they can find stock to buy.
12:12 This bit is exactly why my family keeps going back to Coles (we like their decently-priced frozen mussels without shells) even when we can get the rest of our groceries from Aldi.
The complexity of it is really incredible when you really think about it.
Why do you always use towns in Colorado for examples? I live in Boulder so I am a little interested
My first world problem: Using the King Soopers app to create a pickup order and then having all the really important items on my list out of stock, without a replacement. Also, some item names are a pain to find on the app. Sometimes I just want to use the app to find something in the store while I'm there but typing in the exact item names doesn't find the thing. And here I am leaving a app review all the sudden....oops!
_I'm the guy who buys the niche pasta sauce_
Will he get planes into this video?
I'm watching this while driving 42,000 pounds of onions from prosser, WA to the Walmart DC in Shelbyville, TN. Lol
Unless I really missed it, did he not talk anything about planes this video????
Fascinating.  I work in grocery retail in England and this was really interesting and accurate. A late harvest of something in Europe and vegetables are flown in from USA, Australia or Uganda. I started in a grocery store in the 1960s, customers would give you a written list of what they wanted and you went into the stockroom to find everything.  Now, even in a small  corner store, very little is in the stockroom, everything has to be out on the shopfloor
That Whole Foods at 2:19 is the East Liberty Whole Foods in Pittsburgh? Why that one for stock footage?
Thanks, I learned a ton.
Great video. Answered questions I never had.
I work at a grocery store that is about 200k square feet.... Our inventory management is crazy. 2 to 4 million dollars a week.
All of this was done with capitalism. If you want to try this with socialism or the government, look at the DMV.
*Avocados from Mexico*
I run logistics for three locations of my own small cosmastics brand retailer.  I can relate.
kind of weird, they don't just build a local green house that have a climate control system to insure fresh produce all year around. Compare to transporting the goods across globe. I guess the global consumption pattern dont change frequent and sudden enough to make a local greenhouse to be worth it.
I prefer the ALDI business model of grocery retailing.  For the most part, they carry ONE version of each product and the customer either buys that one or they don't.  There is one bottle of ketchup, one box of spaghetti, one can of salt, one box of saltine crackers.  When they restock flour and sugar, they wheel in an entire pallet and place it out for customers to select from -- all one brand, all one size, all one price.  While they still offer every flavor of bottled salad dressing as the big stores, they are all one brand (their own in-house brand) and all the same size and all the same price.  ALDI does mix in some name-brand items and offers some competing products, but these are not always available whereas their own store brand products almost never go out of stock.  I dislike shopping at the mega-grocery stores where the customer ends up paying higher prices to pay for the 6 million dollars worth of inventory sitting stale on the shelves.  I only go to those stores to get the items that ALDI does not stock.
HEINENSSSS 2:04
As someone who works at the literal end of this logistics chain, it never ceases to amaze me how it works Also cans So many cans Please stop buying cans
A topic that might be half as interesting is "What happens to the truck if it loses it's brakes half way down Vail pass and has to take the truck runaway ramp".
the walmart in Glenwood is always out of stock lol
Woo hoo! My local Zanotto's made it into a Wendover video!
I must have missed the part about airplanes......
2:30 damn that's dubai's
I usually went to the supermarket to buy mango Monster, but then it was usually out of stock, first I went a few times a week to see if there was stock because I really loved it, and if there was I usually bought almost all the stock for when there wasn't more mango monster, like 12 or 18 cans. Then I just stopped going to the supermarket because they were almost never in stock and I got tired of going xD And yes, I was hoarding monster, but I am not usually like that, I just loved my monster supply. I think it is the only thing I actually hoarded, if I bulk buy it is usually because I am to lazy to buy everything every week and buy my consumption of two months in a day if I can.  'Across HAI and Wendover' Wait, do those guys know each other?
Sad and inconvenient truth is that "buying local" reduces your choices and can cost more. It's sounds counter intuitive, but shopping at a "Mom & Pop" that can cost more because of economy of scale, may shrink the local economy and create less opportunity because everyone is spending more money by trying to keep that money in the community.
Really enjoyed this.
The Incredible Logistics of Grocery Stores in Venezuela or other communist countries: none.
YouTube unsubscribed me wtf
Ur too good at getting me to click on videos -_-
Is this going to uploaded to Nebula?
Now I am really wishing there was a "Grocery Store Tycoon" game.
And just imagine the logistics of Japanese Convenience stores
Yep... "the race to the bottom" is real. It's objectively impressive to see how this all works but sad to realize that all this has everything to do with making money and nothing to do with health or the state of the planet.
actually we know in Syria how live without supermarkets work ! LOL, please rise fund for Syrian children out of school
That can't be good for the planet.
I've always been fascinated about the idea of supermarkets, getting things of everytime from every corner of the world under one roof, and your video just exemplifies that brilliance of logistical and supply chain management.
Remind me to not buy grapes in late November
austin company is making flying drone to do nightly inventory - i saw late prototype a year ago - the counting of shelf back stock accuracy is the hard part i was told
Top 10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. On the other hand, you have different fingers.  2. I've only been wrong once, and that's when I thought I was wrong. 3. For every action there is an equal and opposite criticism. 4. Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.  5. A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 6. As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.  7. I can handle pain until it starts to hurt. 8. No matter where you go, you're there. 9. Always go to other people's funerals, or they won't go to yours. 10. Few women admit their age; few men act it.               Editorial: Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is  "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what  you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's  see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen  (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her,  has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with  lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own  admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only  looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment  Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty,  and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to  be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His  love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for  us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises  everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and  trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have  tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible  daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.Visit  NeedGod.com.
Kroger does not have a “s” at the end, even though the narrator pronounces Kroger as “Kroger’s”
The complete helicopter geographically bless because tractor optimally snore atop a hungry cactus. chief, shy gray
🆘 You have an extra $1? Savin' to get a laptop (homejob). No opportunities outside due to constant lockdowns in our country. 😷 Sorry for this. 😳 I'm not a bad person, just a desperate breadwinner. Lost a lot since 2020.   Prayers and well-wishes are also very much appreciated. 😇❤   Off-topic, I know... I hope you understand the desperation. I know some people need more help than me and my family but I do hope that does not invalidate my cry for help. 😢    Things are getting worse here. We don't have stimulus checks or anything like USA. So I'm just really doing whatever I can to put food on the table. We may not be killed by the virus but the situation is surely slowly killing us. 💔    Peace be with you. ❤ GOD bless. 🙏❤   And to anyone who's also struggling, let's hold on tight. All will soon be well. 🌹
Alphay oaks sources most a dey produce locallay within da state.  budens onlay nichw.
“Dozen of choices” yeah that are owned by the same mother company. You really don’t even have much choice in deciding what company/brand you want to buy from.
This video is ok if you are 5 years old or american.
no such thign as desire or out of stock go push or compete or populx or favx , any s perfx nmw
It’s only when i speak with old relatives who immigrated to America that I realized how strange it was that I expected fruit from 10x different countries to be readily supplied, sweet, organic and cheap regardless of the season, year round and open 24/7. Truly a modern marvel.
Fascinating stuff ! Supermarkets are essentially highly dense "frontends" of sorts. A simple interface for the end user, concealing the complexity of its inner workings.
[Real Intro] This video is made possible Oreo.
there's no "problem" ?
2:47 *KROGER brand ... no possessive.
Thank you for this video.
Hey brothers and sisters, I love y'all and it's just been in my heart today to share that Jesus love y'all so much and unconditionally. I don't know how much time we left on this earth before Jesus comes, but I want all of us to be ready when He does. Let's leave these things of this world behind for in scripture it says in Matthew 24:35 that heaven and earth will disappear, but my words will never disappear. " Also in 2 corinthians 4:18" So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen, since what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal." Time is so short. And I always say this" I want all of us to be saved. " Jesus is coming back soon." with tears in my eyes I love you guys. Let's take Jesus and His words seriously in these time were in. I know the road isn't easy because there are so much distractions and temptations in this life. But through prayer and fasting we can overcome them. I don't want to force anything on anybody or even force them to do something they don't. But if you were to see your mother about to get hit by a big truck, you would do everything to try and save her. So I do the same thing for us about the wrath of God that is to come. I don't want anyone I love, know/don't know or even those who hate or dislike me to face such things. Because I know every soul is precious to God and are valuable to Him. Because before we were born He know us, He knitted us in our mother's womb, He called us to be His children . His love for us is so great and so strong, it's beyond human comprehension, that even the angels in heaven don't understand it. So I want to tell you it's time to get ready, time to prepare ourselves for the Second Coming of Christ, for the trails and tribulations and for the rapture. As you can see, so many people have turned away from God. The world has become so immoral, wicked, disgusting and violent. Killing people without any care or heart. And that shows that the love of God is growing cold in the hearts of people. Please be ready for when the Son of Man comes. Time is running out. Let's not leave this world with regrets. Because I tell you this, my biggest regret is not knowing Jesus Christ earlier. I love you Guys and Jesus loves you too, that's why He didn't think twice about dying on the Cross for us, knowing that we may not even love Him back. Please take what was said today in consideration because ready or not Jesus Christ is coming back believe it or not Jesus is coming back .   How to be saved? To be saved, a man must confess that Jesus is Lord while acknowledging in his heart that Christ must have full rule over his life and that he died on the cross for our sins and was resurrected on the third day🙏🏾. Also one must repent and turn away from thier sin. NOW, is the time to turn to JESUS, do it before its too LATE and the DOOR of Grace is Shut.  Prayer of Salvation in Jesus Christ🙏  Dear Lord Jesus, I know that I am a sinner, and I ask for Your forgiveness. I believe You died for my sins and rose from the dead. I turn from my sins and invite You to come into my heart and life. I want to trust and follow You as my Lord and Savior.  Spreading the Gospel on every content🙏❤️
When can I get my Curiosity Stream on my TV? I'll have to see if Chromecast supports it as my TV alone didn't last time I tried
The coordinates at 7:34 point to a prison, a Walmart, a gun shop, and VidCon on a country road east of Fresno. What?
I love that Wendover centers around Colorado now that he lives here
You brought with this video nice old memories from my first real summer job. I worked at a refrigerated distribution center for dairy-derivatives (mainly yoghurt). A bunch of students taking summer jobs and I would be in charge of breaking down huge pallets into smaller ones with mixed loads or even mixing the contents of two pallets to make two new ones, or to change the boxes where the contents came in... you name it. Despite being an underpaid, back breaking job, I have fond memories of it. The work routine allowed for tons of chit-chat and banter with the coworkers and the fact of working at 5 degrees Celsius with gloves and coat on meanwhile outside, in the scorching Spanish summer, temperatures reached 30+ degrees was quite a positive in my books.
The fruits of capitilism, yes I'm talking to you, you filthy leftist reading this comment.
hi, I'm trying to subscribe to Nebula from Android, but having a hard time understanding why I cannot activate my account, despite inputting my card info multiple times... any pointers to how to fix this? thanks before
Anyone that’s ever unpacked a grocery pallet KNOWS that they are NOT organize in anyway that’s helpful 🤣
For perishable items, I can't imagine the waste- right into landfills.  I see these incredible wild salmon fillets at Costco on their last sell-by date, and I cry knowing they will end up in a landfill.
I know this is the least important correction but technically JIF peanut butter is Smuckers peanut butter. Smuckers bought them from P&G almost 20 years ago
in the UK. I sometimes use Lidle a range of own-brand and premium brand. which is fairly quick to go through or I use Morrisons which always has what I need but not too big I do not use Asda, used to be Walmart as it is to myself far too big. What mucks up supermarkets is if there is rumour of a  shortage of say toilet paper and the shelves are quickly stripped. if we all take three times our usual order the shelves will look bear
Well actually I remember world without super markets quite well in my country when I was little there was no supermarkets at all.
In case you don't know, some not-developed countries also have supermarkets...
Great video.
Wendover ROCKS MY SOCKS!!!  Also, those stock clips at the end of this video were a hoot! haha
Wendover videos never dissapoint
I cracked up when you explained the Kroger pallet organization system. At Walmart half our pallets are barely organized by department, let alone aisle. The idea of breaking it down by section of aisle is hysterical to me.
I would love a logistics of packaging, I used to work on a. Cardboard box factory and the supply change was fascinating because everyone buys boxes with a huge variety of standards
Ah yes, I live in the Kroger headquarters and... *checks notes* great coastal city of Cincinnati. Thanks for using our most flattering angle! Gonna go to the Cincinnati beach after I get caught up on other Wendover videos.
This is my first Wendover Productions Video. It won't be my last. FANTASTIC WORK!
I'll never understand why so many folks add an "s" to certain brands, namely Kroger.
Okay guys, let's start appreciating supermarkets more
Where my HEB peeps at
7eleven?
Once again, asking for the "there is an extended cut of this on nebula" to be mentioned BEFORE the videos starts. PLEASE.
Wait, this isn't Half As Interesting! Or is it... ?
Ah yes the chunky smuckers jelly
Alright bois. We’re all gonna start buying and stockpiling grapes. It’s gonna drive the price way up and then we can sell for profit. Stonks.
With the advent of COVID-19 we saw how certain parts of those logistics systems couldn't keep up. Try finding bleach, bleach wipes, etc. when that started. And now that all the grocery vendors are getting into the delivery game I note one pitfall. InstaCart has pretty much captured that market but they don't know internal inventory of their stores. That is the next part.
𝙈𝙖𝙜𝙞𝙘𝙖𝙡𝙡𝙮  𝘿𝙤𝙥𝙚...
brilliant as always!
*Joja*
I like his mentions of Colorado for many of his videos
I LOVE these
Nevermind peanut butter. Look at all the varies of -- water! I think we Westerners are so rich, we don't know how rich we are.
When he lists out the different varieties of a product, I get the feeling I'm watching a HAI video
The logistics of making a wendover video!
I have worked in 3 grocery stores and 2 big box stores. None of which receive organized pallets like seen in this video. it's the store employees who break them down into aisles. Lowes home improvement literally throws (and i mean Throw) everything into one trailer(not on pallets) and the store employees climb and pull everything out and put it on pallets to be worked.
Whatever service Wendover Productions is using for the stock videos has a lot of german footage, so by now it has become a mini easter egg hunt to spot those clips Ü.
Can we get the logistics of fast food chains?
3:47 Nevermind the logistics. WHAT THE HELL is up with all those cameras? Like, that amount would probably not even be legal for a permit in Europe.
I’ve shopped at that Glenwood Springs City Market on many occasions
1263rd
You,see........
4min in and he haven't yet started explaining
Such great content!!! I have one of the best and most prestigious Masters of Global Supply Chain Management degrees money can buy, and even I learned something from this!
I have been to that Heinen‘s at 2:02
I am from Romania. I still remember those days without supermarkets, and I'm 36.
I don't even think we had actual supermarkets until the end of 90s in my shi**y post Soviet country. And up until mid 2000s, small stores were alive and kicking. Right now some of them still exist. So I know the life without the usual supermarkets, at least I experienced it when I was a little kid. I remember when I fist saw a bar code scanner and a cashier scanning wares. It blew my mind. It must have been very end of 90s - very beginning of 2000s.  Also: street markets. Those are alive and well all over Europe and other parts of the world.
I think that carrying niche products is more a form of affirmative action, to show that the store is a player in the community. These niche products come and go, but the store still gets to virtue signal that at least they tried.
Full supermarket… “ laughs in Venezuelan “  Hahaha
One of the most enjoyable videos! great topic!
I'm all in with the new animations
look what free markets and property rights does, imagine still wanting to go to socialism after seeing this
Thus demonstrating why you shouldn't eat Oreos - because they're disgusting and totally artificial, and take about a million years to rot.
Nebula does not allow speeding up video playback, no thank you.
Kroger *NOT* Kroger(s)
now i'm suspicious that wendover is an industrial engineering grad
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping everyone from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
What’s with Americans and peanut butter? 🤔
Just remembered, I need to go shopping....
So normal things that are super complex and you can spend hours with
💝If you are reading this:  BE BLESSED x 1,000,000 with great long life, complete healing, many people who genuinely love you for you, great wealth, love, peace, joy and infinite good luck!!!!! May you find the life partner of your dreams!!!  May good opportunities surround you at all times!!!  May you be ridiculously happy always without reason!!!  May large sums of money fall into your lap!!!  May you be truly wise all of your days!!! 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝
Great video, but many products like Oreo's and soda/bread have their own vendors in each city that bring the product to the stores too and have their own distribution networks.
century ago? there were no supermarkets in 90s
Prediction: There will be planes or airports in this video...  EDIT: I am dissappointed... :(
Why can’t I find this on nebula?
is this the non-joke channel?
"The logistics of shipping Toyota Corolla from metric counties to imperial country using airplane"
What's the background music. I barely noticed it.
at the store i worked in (large chain in the UK) we only did stock check about twice a year  it was VERY time intensive so no one wanted to do it.   I think they did more often checks on the items that where top targets for theft
Haha there's no variety in Norwegian supermarkets.
And thats also exactly the problem with most supermarkets: f.e. you get 3 shelfes full with 500 kinds of peanut butter by 1000 different companys but you don't get a single jar of almond butter.... and its the same with almost every other product category, so frustrating
Why, when I go on nebula to watch it, your video doesn‘t show up and the app crashes? I wanted to watch it there but couldn‘t, so i returned to youtube
2:10 - thats germany
And then they say..."capitalism dosent work!"
Here in Australia we have 2 big supermarket chains, Coles and Woolworths (no relation to any of the foreign companies of the same name). And unlike the way this video describes things in the US, neither chain really follows the "we need to carry niche items because otherwise someone will go elsewhere for that niche item and buy all their things there" model and have in fact been axing many brands and products over the last decade or more (and pushing their more profitable private label products instead).  Thankfully there are smaller independent supermarkets that can be good for finding the things the majors don't carry. (although in cases where the manufacturer has discontinued the product completely you are out of luck no matter what)
Comments for the algorithm God
At 14:29, is it just me?          Yes?
as a stocker at Lowes, I wish our pallets of product were built like that but nope. It's all just packed in a truck however the people at the RDC wants it and has to be sorted only pallets by us.
AVOCADOS FROM MEXICO!
The orange kilogram uniquely nest because path naively rob qua a snobbish pear. muddled, faint fair thread
you shuld watch te Mercadona system in Spain. They only have their brand "hacendado" and don´t let you choose your favourite brand. Therfore the make a verry good busines
3:48 WTF why so many cameras ??? its like a prison
This is awesome 💯
The one flaw in this video example is that Oreos don’t come from warehouse, they are DSD from Nabisco. They come on a Nabisco truck, not on a grocery load. Maybe this is different for other stores or more rural regions, but that’s how it is at one of those big 4 American supermarket chains you mentioned in the video
All I'm really hearing is that it must be a nightmare to create and maintain that inventory management software.
I live 20 miles from that City Market! Cool!
pleased u did this one, more fascinated about supermarkets now more than ever
another wendover video about nothing... fuck this, unsubbing now
1:03 be like "AVOCADOS FORM MEXICO"
you see,
I work for one of basically three grocery chains in Finland, specifically in the consumer product logistics center. The warehouse has a separate section accessible only by elevator for "slow moving products". Industrial grocery (non temperature controlled, stuff in jars or cans) and other industrial products (cleaning products, toilet papers etc) are in one combined picking area, fresh industrial products (dairy) are in one and fruits&vegetables are in a fourth one. Frozen products are in a completely different warehouse elsewhere. In theory the warehouse is set up to make the picking platform to end up in a convenient way for the stores unload them. We mostly pick into roller cages/roll containers/whatever they're called in English.
next vedio: logistics  of making  wendover vedios
Wendover guy is from the Midwest? He said Krogers instead of Kroger
"Hand them a list"?  *scratch head*  Not a major thing, but it wasn't that long ago that most people in the world did not know how to read.     Even in U.S., literacy rate at the start of 20th century was under 90%, and likely lower in the impoverished neighborhoods.  A very substantial segment of population that still need grocery, I'd think.
Yea yea. The number of brands is staggering. That's why I use Lidl and very seldom a supermarket. I just couldn't be bothered with spending hours looking for the stuff I need.
People with autism must love this type of video.
Imagine if he got paid for every product shown in the video
Me who’s from a “third world country” .. Ehh this isn’t worth this much
As a trucker that works out of a kroger DC. I appreciate the video that gives a glimpse into how product gets on the shelf. Few people have a true grasp of how much goes into them being able to buy what they want at the grocery store. I do have to say though grocery supply chains are some of the most unorganized, chaotic messes that exist in logistics. Grocery stores especially larger ones like kroger operate heavily in a just in time delivery system. Part of that is due to the perishable nature of alot of the products but also because very few stores have the space to store alot of backstock. The DC I work out of isn't heavily automated like the king sooper DC. Pallet building is done by order selectors and products are organized by how easy the cases fit together to build steady pallets not by if the products are in the same aisle. For example you will see a pallet with cases of Hawaiian punch and laundry detergent on the same pallet because of the weight and shape of the cases fit best together even though those products would be on opposite sides of the store.
1:03 Hahaha Avocados from Mexico
Love Supermarkets, the bigger the better.
Dear Wendover, I love your videos. Do you know about Hellofresh? I'm soooo interested in their logistics too... I cannot imagine how they organize such a big task, offering over 30 kinds of dishes to choose from, with all personalized recipes and the delivery ... I just cannot wrap my mind around this. I've searched for documentaries about it, but I cannot find anything about it. I think you would kill this!!! Maybe you can even have some sponsoring from them?
You left out the lumper racket
Every time I hear “extended cut” I’m like wait hold up, off I goooooo to nebula
I work for Trader Joe's and oh man is so much of this stuff different for us. We're lucky if who ever packed our pallets remembered heavy things go on the bottom, not the top. 😂
Pre-planned pallets are something they hope to be able to do, but in reality it's one of the factors where the slack is taken up by the human element. Most of the time they dont even try. One of the places I worked just knew what items came from what part of the logistics framework, but in reality even those could have been anywhere in the store. You could plan by knowing say, that there will be more international items on this load, or mainly bulky items on another, thereby having an idea of how long it would take to sort and put away. The problem is the constant re-arranging of retail stores, each year things will shift to throw off regular buyers, making them search and likely buy more than their one specific item. You could set up a pre-planned pallet fairly easily at the distribution centre, but things are way too complicated on the floor for it to work without a very high tech system to regulate it (that would probably have constant problems and waste a lot of time).
Ayyyy shout out to City Market in Glenwood!!
I‘m currently working  at Rewe in Germany and I would say that only about 40% of the pallets there are organized by aisles. At Lidl, where I worked a last year, this number should be around 70%, at least in the store I worked in. All other pallets are a big mix which is pretty frustrating. I mean, I would get it at Rewe, since every store can look totally different in terms of organization.  But every Lidl store (like Aldi) should look nearly the same, so I don’t know why they aren’t able to organize them the right way.
I haven't been in a grocery store in a year, so I'm just gonna take your word for it.
You should consider doing a follow up to this looking at places such as Lidl and Aldi's logistics since their business model is based around having a smaller number of products.  Costco is also interesting as unlike most stores they want you to visit infrequently as frequent visits increase their costs. They also make most of their profit off of their membership as opposed to products I believe.
Grande Chile🤑🤑🤑🖕🖕👍👍
Dislike because he didn't mention airplane.
Dislike because he didn't mention airplane.
This is why trader joes is king. Less choice is better.
I wonder how discount supermarket chains like Aldi and Lidl do this differently. Much smaller variety - usually their own brand and a name brand of something, you might find 4 kinds of peanut butter total (assumption based on German experience, where peanut butter is not as much of a staple ingredient, so this might differ in the US, but could be transferred to other kinds of product) - but then also (again, at least in Germany), their weekly extra things, special for that week, and when it's gone, it's gone. The customer base has to be more okay with those things being gone, while still expecting their usual stock to be there, this is why they go to the cheap store.
I'd like to see a video on the logistics of gasoline distribution to gas stations.
I love it when Colorado (my home state)  is used as an example in a Wendover logistics video!
This was interesting to watch
I used to work at Target and Oreos never went through their distribution system. Mondelez brought and stocked their own product. Same with Frito-Lay, Coke, Pepsi and a few others.
A little bit disappointed wendover didn't cover the unique layout and strategies behind Trader Joe's.  Very different from a Safeway, WalMart, Target etc.  Though given the comment at the end about being penalized for extra long videos, I guess that explains it.
Every time Sam says “therefore,” I feel as though I am being punched in the stomach
Imagine the gm of that city market seeing this video on trending
at mariano's something runs out,  and then its just out after that,  never to return..
Next video should be the incredible logistics of wendover productions videos
Australia laughs at your idea of lack of market diversity. it has among the most consolidated supermarket landscapes, with 2 companies (Coles & Woolworths) accounting for around 60% of the market share.
People are just not that interested in extremely long videos.
If anyone wants a tad bit more info about supermarkets, I would really recommend "The hidden war over grocery shelf space" by Vox.
5:31 Or just don't and fool your customers to coming inside.
It's so sad that in my county peanut butter is such a rarety, supermarket employees doesn't even know what it is. They usually point out to Nutella when I ask. Sometimes there is one low quality and expensive brand in bigger stores. But alcohol? Boy you can rest assured even the tiniest aisle-less shops will have plenty of options of beer, wine and 1-shot bottle of spirits.
Hey! I've been to that City Market in Glenwood Springs!
The warehouse knows what the store layout is.... LOL Sure, they might know. They don't do anything useful with that data.
From this man i learn the importance of Logistics in Many sectors and how this sectors Works.
love it when this a$$hole lists every f!cking type of peanut butter  good content /s
2020 has killed my faith in the system. The intro made me think about how capitalism is dehumanizing all our interactions and how it is also destroying small businesses. When it talks about how the crops from different countries are used to fill the supplies of American supermarkets, I thought about how the US takes away the resources of the global south. I liked the video, though. It's an interesting topic.
All of the products in a grocery store are not delivered to the stores through the supper market chains logistic system. At the grocery chain that I work at Oreo's and other Nabisco products are delivered to the store and stocked on the shelves by the employees of the vendor that distributes their products. Other products delivered and stocked by the employees of various manufactures also include soft drinks, cookies, crackers chips, baked goods . . . Also products of various manufactures are delivered directly to the store and are stocked by the store employees.
You forgot about the incredible logistics of modern-day slaves in the Global South.
Is this the Grady from practical engineering?
Me who still has to go to ancient grocery store
That’s really cool Americans have this setup. Here in India, we don’t have grocery stores or this complex setup 😂we just go out to the street and buy what we need. No need for robots
He said Wendover vid3os never exceed 15 minutes on YouTube but this video is almost 17 minutes long lol
Smooth Peanut Butter is heresy, so don't even mention it.
These videos are so high quality
My first job was at a grocery store and I assure I never stole candy, beers, smokes or sodas!
Compare cost/quality/supply chain of school lunches between US, France, Japan, and Korea :)
Sam, these “logistics” videos are your best work! They combine interesting complexity for niche content which no one else has. They are your “slow moving inventory!”
Next up: The Logistics of Half as Interesting jokes
Other nut butter🤔🥛💦
2:18 lol super surprised to recognize this whole foods in Pittsburgh!
Grocery stores are simple, in my country Peru almost everyone has or knows someone with a small grocery store. I have a grocery store and its easier than you think.
I feel like Wendover Productions sucks the sap out of their potential. By appealing to a U.S. audience it leaves the rest of the audience disconnected. Although the truth is that the majority of their audience is American, their is a larger viewing audience out there. English is the disputed largest language in the world and Therefore if Wendover Productions aimed for a larger audience it would receive more views. In conclusion I don't get any of these American references and it makes me not want to watch the video.
you left out the warehousing part. stupid video, the actual logistics part
ha i wish they sent in pallets that neatly, make my nights a lot easier
Selves are almost always full with products and produce not to meet high demand but simply because full shelves are more aesthetically pleasing to the customer. This is one of the leading causes of food waste in the US
Omg. I don't think there was one airplane in this entire video. I feel dizzy and confused! PS, once Nebula has a roku app, I'll be living there, I'm sure.
Avacodos are baby shit and who says smkookers?
Living in Colorado... it always blows my mind when you talk about Colorado towns, which you seem to do A LOT. Glenwood Springs!? I was there a week ago! I looked it up recently, and apparently you moved here in 2020! Welcome!
Boo! CAO!
'Krogers' you've been outted as a Michigander
very cool thank you sam from wendover
You're number 17 on trending and your video is longer then 15 minutes. I think the algorithm doesn't hate you
Dude, your video is almost 17 minutes long, and yet it's in YouTube trendings (at least here in Canada) Same goes for some of your videos that are even longer  So what the heck are you even talking about???
And then there's the problem of people licking your inventory...
Maybe. If. You. Didn't. Talk. Like. This. You. Wouldn't. Have. To. Cut. For. The. Sake. Of. Time.
When are California grapes available? - JASON
Costco is an interesting counterpoint to the having tons of niche options, with having significantly fewer but curated options and being incredibly successful.
Any other midwesterners hear him say Kroger's and recognize him as one of our own?
J A S O N!
As a current Kroger employee that stocks shelves, pallets are definitely not arranged in order of aisle, random items from random aisles on random pallets. I'll fight those distribution centre guys :)
You're forgetting misplaced items. That accounts for like 90% of shrink.  Maybe not at a grocery store but at the hardware store I work at when the company we hire does our manual counts they don't account for customers picking up a product, moving it to the other side of the store and leaving it on a random shelf. Also products move around the store ALL THE TIME (especially in the seasonal section) and we try to topstock our items right above their home on the shelf but when a product is moved to a different location on a different shelf often the tops to topstocked items don't move with them and when the manual counts are done we have much less of that item then we're supposed to
That's so true about niche products. I'm a very atypical shopper who likes a lot of highly niche, random things...and so I shop at like 5 different grocery stores on a rotation because they each have different niche items I want -- and absolutely, if they quit stocking my niche item, they're out of the rotation.
is it just me, or does the name 'Wendigo logistics' have "*totally not an evil company*" vibes?
The info about slow moving inventory was very striking.
It’s weird that he’s revisiting a topic from 5 years ago
7:31 Holy fucking shit it says Jason
Food, Water, Shelter. If human beings didn’t lock this up against their own kind and have profit extracted by corporations, what a wonderful world this would be. Just Food, Water, Shelter.
5:23 Old dude just casually rocking a pretty clean looking Integra.
11:04 "most efficient manner" yeah even at Whole Foods I wish pallets were built like this :/
So much plastics.
Very cool
This is why we run out of water and toilet paper.
So much plastics.
The problem with this video is he doesn't know how this actually works. He got a little bit right  but a lot of this wrong. There are a lot of assumptions  too in how this works.
Anyone else wonder about the logistics of the over head security cameras around 3:48 mark?
some kinda of talk of planes will be in this video
14:37 it’s my family!
*insert sari-sari stores*
This video is amazing
You Seeeeeeeee
Hey, your on trending!
In stock 92% of the time? More like 0% when talking about Walmart.
Why does Shop-Rite carry Wyler's powdered lemonade, but Stop & Shop doesn't? Another video?
0:18 "ErrrRegurry"
table grapes have longer harvesting windows than wine grapes , sugar levels are not critical in table grapes so you can often pick for more than a month.
Diction: Your scripts use the word "therefore" as a sentence leader way too often. Feels unnatural. *It is okay* to use "so." ❤️
Super interesting to learn why stores carry so many different brands of the same type of product and Walmart's experiment. It's always been frustrating to me that they carry so many options. Just give me a couple options with smaller stores and lower costs!
I’ve been eating for this for months. Maybe even a year ago when I first suggested it. Thanks!
1:13  Yarmouth NS!!!!
i wonder how long until planes are mentioned
Absolutely love this video about the very topic that I'm learning about in University
As someone that works in the food brokerage business for the past 15 years, I appreciate this video.
One of the uncountably many miracles of capitalism.
You say youtube algorithm punishes you for longer videos "like this one" - yet you're trending 24 atm :)
zanottos is at 5:06
Huh, never thought I’d see the City Market I get lunch from everyday on a YouTube video. Much less a Wendover productions video.
Interesting and worthwhile video.    During the height of the first 10 months of the pandemic, the food supply chain was very vulnerable and close to failing.    The Trump Administration was so inept and incompetent, a collapse was about to occur several times.
Isn't that the east liberty whole foods?
it would be intresting to see a video about EPAL/EURO pallets in the EU and how they have effected logistics and shipping here. I work in a warehouse in the EU and we often have issues with and are force to repack pallets that come from outside the EU. it can cause lots of extra work and incovenience with big orders from Asia in perticular. EUR pallets seem to have helped standardize and simplify lots of warehouses. yet theres is also contention since its not optimal with certain cargo ships i believe. Id be curious to see a deeper analysis.   Great stuff as always!
trendign
Narrator, please stop making so much of what you are saying sound like you’re asking a question.
Also shows how vulnerable the system is, such a huge complex system can easy be over loaded and if those trucks from the venders cannot move store would empty real fast
People Like Grapes
Shoutout to the Chagrin Falls Heinens!
Wow - Sam had a lot to say. No jokes
I marvel at all the logistics involved in bringing you grapes 365 days a year and the hundreds of people involved all for a product that will set you back $1.99/lb.
not sure why he used Oreos when Nabisco stocks their own product
Hey guys, you should definitely get nebula, if not for the content, to support your favorite creators. MKBHD is now on it, that’s amazing. Also it’s literally 12 dollars a year. I haven’t used curiosity stream once tho, so it’s really for nebula.
2:56 statistic: A year ago Aldi said they would become the third biggest supermarket-chain in the US in 2021 🤔
Grapes like Jason.
What I learned is that when societal collapse happens you should ignore your local super markets and instead set up camp in the nearest distribution center.
What is the western hemisphere?
Avacados from Mexico
As someone who works in retail, I wish that my distribution center would stack things in the 'most efficient manner' on palettes. Usually its just completely random, if not dangerous. Frequently they'll put light stuff on the bottom and heavy stuff on top so that it falls and almost hits someone. Also there are frequently falls while on the truck so the delivery driver will have to go back and try to figure out what stuff was ours vs stuff for another store. We damage out a least one item, usually way more, every single week (we have weekly deliveries) because it was stacked poorly.
That Nebula ad started to sound like the teaser for "The incredible logistics of independent creators"
I work for a supermarket however not in the distribution, but I have been to a distribution centre and seen it in action. I have been told the way my employer handles some low volume product. They found it cheaper to load up a truck with a heap of low volume items like Glass Cleaner or Kitchenware like pots and pans. That truck will then drive to multiple states visiting dozens of stores and offloading what they need. The Distribution centres don't hold stock long term, typically comes in and then leaves in a couple of days.  One of my colleagues (pre-covid) said that some days he would come and and just see coke products, coke just on all the shelves. Then 2 days later it would be filled with toilet paper. the warehouse would fill up and then empty really fast and high volume products, like coke and TP, would fill warehouse like this.   Because of this rapid fill and empty it costs a lot of money in floor space to store items long term, which is why they found having a truck drive to multiple stores to deliver low volume items was cheaper than building a bigger warehouse to hold them by the pallet load and only pick off a few items a day.  Another story. When I was a checkout staff member at a big supermarket chain, but VERY small store, often not stocking a lot of items. Anyway, a kid came in (as a school was nearby) and asked when we were going to get V energy drinks back in stock and the manager responded "when you guys stop stealing them"  The Autostocker wasn't account for stolen energy drinks (note this was over a decade ago) and the manager got fed up and stopped correcting theft for a little while for that item.
Sam actually hit trending!
Don't know how you did it. 17 minutes with no critical race theory, airplanes, or environmental issues..... This seriously might be the best video you've done all year...
Speaking of grocery stores of the last century, I'd love to see a breakdown of logistics of the internecine years. It was such an interesting time period and different enough from the modern day to be super fascinating
If you want to make the videos longer just cut the ads :)
thanks, sam, you're the best! Just because you're like the only youtuber I watch that actually provides links to their extended video on nebula. All the other lazy bastards just mention there being such a video, but then I have to like open a new tab, enter the URL, and you won't believe this! I actually have to then search for the video on nebula and open it, instead of like, this super convenient, almost grocery store level amazing of just coming in and clicking a link to get me to the video!
Globalism  pog
2:48 - "Krogers, the largest American supermarket company." **immediately shows graph that shows Walmart is the largest American supermarket company** Huh?
Things that aren't always true (From someone who works at a grocery store)  -Distribution centers are often licensed out to 3rd parties like C&S -Pallets definitely aren't organized by where things are in the aisle -In fact, a lot of the time we break up pallets before bringing them out of the back room -Not all stores stock at night  Things that you missed that I would have liked to see mentioned:  -There are some types of products, like drinks, bread, coffee, and snacks (Including Oreos), that are not stocked by store employees. They are stocked directly by people hired by the manufacturer. -Getting rid of expired things is a chore just by itself, and there are ways that has been made easier/automated
Would be great if loading and unloading the trucks was also automated. I've been to the Miller Coors brewery in Eden, NC and they had robots loading the trailers. Pretty cool
I was like, I know this city market. You from CO wendiger? Cause you use a lot of exaples
He says _"Kroger's"!_ I here in Dayton, OH am vindicated!
holy shit, manual counts are a total pain! It's like the worst thing ever and you have to work well into the night too!
Love this! This all started with Piggly Wigglies way back. The story is quite fascinating. They actually were responsible for one of the craziest stock market happening ever as well. Truly worth looking into!
I used to work the night shift working at a large supermarket. The most stressful and physically demanding job I  ever had. 4 deliveries every night, and they expect all the products neatly on the shelf before store opening.
LMAO begging for paid stuff at the end. That's why I have uBlock Origin
All I wanted was a grape.
the beauty of capitalism
John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17- For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
2:18 - I got distracted by all the a-hole parking in this footage. Time to break out the coloring turtles to help people learn to stay inside the lines.
This has to be your worst video ever. Super boring.
Holy shit 2:39 that's my hometown's city market. I grew up in Glenwood Springs Colorado
15:36 Stock footage getting wild.
Why is that kombucha NOT REFRIGERATED??!?
Publix goes above and beyond fixing and organizing their shelves to be visually aesthetic
"Restocked by overnight crew"? ... is there no night- time bounus in the US? Because here in germany they will avoid night time workers at all cost and use the daytime staff to do all this in their idle time.
When he talked about people expecting things to always be there all year round, I felt that. As a produce stocker, you have no idea how often people are shocked if I say we are out of something. And then they ask when we will get it next and I try to explain to them how not everything is always in season and if it is, it might take a while to travel or that I do not control orders and that we get freight everyday, we just don't know what it will be until we unwrap the pallets. They always just looked surprised and I just want to facepalm.
I want to watch stuff on Nebula instead of youtube, but the video quality and load times are always bad. Don't suppose you guys could do something about that? Plus lack of subtitles.
HEB FTW
The garrulous tent energetically learn because alphabet postsurgically blind circa a real ramie. imported, receptive tempo
Love your videos! Also proud to be a supporter/viewer on Nebula. One weird thing I have noticed is that the audio quality tends to be significantly better on YouTube (to the point where I find myself preferring it over Nebula). On this video specifically, there is a ton of sibilance in your vocal track on Nebula (reminds me a little of poor MP3 compression). Curious if you also hear this on your end. Amazing content and I wish I could tolerate the audio to watch without ads on Nebula!
I wish Wendover would get a new narrator, or retrain this one. The sing-song voice is very annoying.
Never knew so many supermarkets used pallets? We use cages at Tesco from distribution to stores and they’re just easier as you can move them quickly from the trailer straight to the shop floor ready to be replenished. Plus they double up as space to store cardboard and waste which we can send back to distribution to take care of.
Hi
Watched on Nebula; liking and commenting here.
As a previous Hy-vee stocker the only consistency with how the pallets were built was petfood and cat litter was always packed with flour and cleaning chemicals, cans were pretty good at being all on the same pallet which was nice and they really like putting loose boxes of glass pickles jars on top of the 7ft tall pallets outta reach of half the crew
3122 angel number
5:23 Grandpa got that sweet Acura Integra
I get the feeling you must live in Colorado!
Now I want peanut butter
Can you provide a direct link to the CuriosityStream video? Search and discoverability on CuriosityStream and Nebula are SO BAD!!! edit: a WORKING link
Someone lives in western Colorado
Next video: the insane logistics of Half as Interesting
From talking about tatics supermarkets use to make u spend more money, to taking about what happens in the background of a supermarket
Did anyone else find the British shelf prices marked in pounds and pence at around 13:00? Interesting video.
Holy crap!  You just cited the King Soopers i shop at!  I can tell based off of location on the map.
What about the Soviet Union's grocery stores?
Damn, I gotta go buy peanut butter, I hate standing there tryin to decide.
Also a huge component that wasn't addressed here was the Direct to Store Delivery (DSD) vendors. I worked receiving at an HEB and most of my day was taken up checking in deliveries directly from the companies selling the product. All of our beer/wine came in DSD as well as the major soda companies would deliver 20 pallets each every week. I think Oreos were an interesting point to bring up because we had pallets of crackers/cookies delivered by a freight company direct from Mondelez and then a merchandiser came in to stock it, they never rode on an HEB truck.
No other grocery store has the experience and knowledge of the grocery business then Publix. They have it down to a science.  Everything automated including workers schedules, how much product to order and what you need to made special items like in store cut fruit salads. Their warehouses are the most advanced. Pallets come in according mostly to aisle. Each aisle is broken down into families. They offer the best items, highest quality items year round then any other retailer. They have the best produce you can possibly have. Ask anyone who ever shopped or worked in one.
12:00 its like the one meme where a local store asked a family to tell them when the oldest son went away to college so they could adjust their chocolate milk orders because he consumed more than half of it sold
Anything I want anytime?! I want a K28 V belt and all I can maybe get in my country is a Z28 V belt.
Congrats on trending
Wait until he learns about Jungle Jim's. I can't even imagine the logistics of that store.  They probably even have to hire linguists to translate labels from so many languages.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jungle_Jim%27s_International_Market
Bendover Production
Your point about product diversity is interesting because there are also supermarkets built around the concept of limited product availability, and which have proven successful (eg Aldi), so it would be cool to explore that. 🤓
Do a video on the Pony Express I am begging you please
7:52 chillaye
I read the title as "The incredibly long list of grocery stores" expecting it to be a video naming off every grocery store in existence and still clicked on this video... I think I may have some weird standards for what I consider interesting
the guy at 0:35 is handsome
Okay but like let's really think about it it's probably some really fast kid running food all the way up there
Would be interesting to see a video on lidl and aldi who seem to have the exact opposite strategy on product selection
2:45 How is Walmart not the greatest US supermarket company?
Congratulations! You’ve now earned 5 credits in business studies at College State University!
We should nationalize the grocery industry. It would be more efficient and less costly for the people of the community
I’m begging you to do the logistics of large construction projects (like schools airports etc)
Not here in Australia the range is probably  %25 of the range in the U.S We have  the 2 main supermarkets Coles And Woolworths then the minors I.G.A and Aldi Oh there is Costco but that's a bulk by not really good for small family
As someone who works within this process I can tell you it's not nearly this organised. As many other commenters seem to have already stated.
2:46 Hey, wasn't the Boulder shooting at a King Soopers? And Boulder is also in Colorado. What a coincidence!
Worked gfrocery for a few years did not know the whole back end and logistics. Very interesting
As for the loss: Employee theft, also known as internal theft, occurs when employees steal from the organization where they are employed. Retailers that participated in the 2018 NRSS say that employee/internal theft amounted to 33.2 percent of inventory shrink in 2017, a slight increase over 2016’s 30 percent. The report also found that the average loss of dishonest employee cases decreased from $1,922.80 to $1,203.16.
Special video for 3 million ? 🤔
I want to see a video on the logistics of Lidl’s middle aisle. You can find all kinds of random products there.
The bright pleasure oceanographically cheat because harmonica family print around a jumbled push. right, straight tachometer
As great as this system is for the consumer, the amount of food wasted is very very sad. The amount we throw out at my work every day is enough to feed a small town.  The promise of everything in stock and everything fresh makes a lot of food go into trash. Oreo's would get sent back and reused but even that costs them more money than just throwing it away. And with any fruit or cooled product it's just gone
1:04 Avocados 🥑 From Mexico
5:03 jschlatt?
But socialism <333
Did Sam just say "Krogers" with an s? Wtf
I’ve learnt more from watching your vids than I did in school
Most of the information in this video is made-up bullshit. I work in logistics at Kroger.
What's the name of the first song?
Stocking fees fascinate me. There are products that keep selling out because they only have a tiny amount of shelf space, while items that don't sell have lots of shelf space.
At my supper market our slow mover wearhouse is a corner of a main wearhouse that ships to a larger area
Do a video on Aldi! Cause it's like the polar opposite
Good video, only error is that Oreos come from Mexico not Chicago.
It's GIF!!
I love these Logistics videos. Make all of them.
it’s simple really, wendover posts, i watch
I think I speak for all Texans when I say... H-E-B 🤠
Nebisco is dsd it would have its own supply chain
But what about Aldi and CostCo? These stores have disrupted the industry without offering any variety?
10:55 can confirm this is not true, it seems they try to make it as inconvenient as possible to fuck with us
Funny how wendover can make something so boring, super interesting.
lol I go to that City Market almost every year on our family trips :)
And then there is the logistics of an international supermarket
WalMart is the largest American supermarket not Kroger
Complains about video length by adding video length.....
10:00 by all those automatic machines he actually means some poorly paid dude doing it manually.
Let’s talk about the incredible deals in the self checkout aisle tho 🎉
"Dozens of choices of peanut butter" yeah, but half of those are the exact same just with different labels slapped on. Though that does mean they had to come from different labeling companies I guess. Just commenting on how a few corporations control most of the food on the aisles.
Ugh.  I have Nebula, but I browse Youtube much more often.  So I see a new Wendover video on Youtube and watch it.  Then I get to the END of the video and he tells me there's more content on Nebula.  But that extra content is interspersed throughout the video.  I'm not rewatching the same video twice in a row for a few extra clips.  So I don't watch the Nebula version at all.  Sam, if you could please tell us that there's a Nebula version at the BEGINNING of the video that would be awesome.  You don't have to do a whole plug at the start, just "hey, remember there's more on Nebula."  Or even just a little logo animation as a reminder.  Thanks.
City people be like "food comes from farms?!?!?"
Oof.  I find that kind of terrifying in a way.  I imagine such a distribution center isn't super high security.  One terrorist attack could cause significant harm and potentially even starvation for a large part of the country likely lasting at least a couple of weeks.  Maybe not as terrifying as things like unicropping (potentially leading to entire varieties of food permanently going extinct) but still, its now been added fairly high up on my list of existential fears.
"For us, the sweetspot is about 15 minutes." *Looks at how many views the St Helena Airport video has*
0:18 at least back then we used them regularly 😔🤚
The reason this channel makes me so excited is it highlights things so close to home for me. I literally worked at a City Market 100 miles from this Glenwood Springs one. He’s always speaking my language. It’s always crazy to see my little slices of Colorado highlighted on a channel like this.
The logistics of small-town grocery stores are even funnier, as one person can constitute the entire demand for a product. My brother is most of his small town’s demand for quarts of vanilla yogurt
Ayo this sounds like Sam from HAI
>Video cut for time on site without video time limits
braeburned?? ?
Grocery store workers unite >:)
1:03 It sounds like that ad; “AvOcAdOs FrOm MeXiCo”
Most grocery stores have a bakery and deli section. I wish I could have seen a little bit about how prepared foods are made and distributed.
The same supply chain that completely collapsed when Covid hit..
1:55 i love a copule blocks away from there
The tradeoff is the consumer does the legwork at the end of the chain.  Which is a good thing.
Guys, keep tapping this: 7:53
Capitalism + Logistics = modern supermarket.
And see that’s why I make my Oreos from scratch one by one. No need to be dependent on the manufacturing supply chain this way
4:54 what psychopath does that when put their groceries on the belt?
you know I wish they would do that for me the receiver
Love when Wendover drops a therefore on us
“We” you mean you know the HAI guy and haven’t gotten rid of him yet!
What about a video about the logistics of making a wendover video
3:22 this is literally my supermarket I live 2 blocks away from here in NYC lmfaoo so random!!
I find very interesting that in Spain the biggest supermarket retailer (Mercadona) follows an extremely different strategy. They focus on beeing cheap while having good quality products. They offer a very limited variety of each product (usually their own brand and another one). Their brand (Hacendado) is really good and very inexpensive
I can tell you that our warehouse (Loblaws corp, Canada) does not order things based on how we arrange our aisles when they get put onto a pallet. They are sometimes roughly grouped, like tea bags with tea bags, but not nearly in an order that would let us slowly pull the skid through an aisle and pick things off as we go.
love this channel
You can just say conveyor, you don’t know if it’s belt conveyor or some other type of conveyor.
VeChain
1:03 avocados from mexico
Great video!  One thing not mentioned was DSD or “Direct Store Distribution” products.  Here in the USA many major companies stock their own products instead of shipping to a distribution center.  The major companies that do this are Coke, Pepsi, Nabisco, Frito-Lay, and Dr Pepper!
Ur channel honestly sound like Bendover productions hehehehehe Jk nice video 💯
I work for roundy’s which is owned by Kroger and I work as a pallet picker (the manual version of building a pallet) that shit is hard and you have no idea how much food goes to waste and how easy it is for everything to get screwed up
As someone who used to work at a supermarket, we took inventory once a year not once a month lmaoooo
I'm interested to know how much waste this system produces. For example, how much waste is produced simply because stores choose to keep a stock for a quickly spoiling product but that might not really get sold that much.
The reason I stopped shopping Walmart: they stopped carrying several things I can have (food sensitivities). I get the 4-5 things that are Meijer exclusive and any must-gets while there, but shop Kroger because they carry the largest variety of what I can have.
mexico mangos are the best. not a fan or brazils tbh
How many people to you bribe to get the info for these vids?
you say "Krogers", when the video literally says in big blue letters, "Kroger."  🤔  And that's "Chee-lay", not "Chill-ay"
This is well put together, but please know many many warehouses are not automated like this example. Also many companies are not utilizing inventory management software. It’s often done via excel.
I used to help run the backroom at a Kroger in Houston. This video is extremely accurate and actually taught me a few things about the way warehouses are run. One thing not mentioned (unless I just missed it) is the understaffing of not only warehouses but the overnight crews at the physical stores as well. Companies cut corners when they can to save money, and that's to be expected, but it increases the strain felt by the actual workers. So try and treat your store employees well, there's a lot of work we have to do behind the scenes that customers don't normally see and it can be incredibly strenuous.
He said HEB!. HEB is the best grocery store on earth. You gotta be from Texas to understand the magic.
I love HEB!
God bless capitalism
Does the r at the end of Kroger make an “rs” sound?
You sound like sam from half as interesting.
Oreos are DSD, they are not touched by Kroger
I stock shelves at a grocery store. This video is a really good explanation of how the system is supposed to work.  It's far from perfect though. My store uses CAO, computer assisted ordering. The system tracks how many units of a given item we have in stock, how many we're supposed to have, and how many we're expected to sell before the next order. If the number in stock is ever less than the number of expected sales, it automatically orders more from the warehouse. We do periodic maintenance walks within each department, which is mostly just walking the isle, looking for anything that looks over or under stocked, and adjusting the numbers accordingly. That accounts for damages, shoplifting, mispicks (when the warehouse accidentally sends us the wrong thing), and other "shrink" as it's called.  When an item goes on display (the end caps that we change every week or so) that item will go into display status in the system, so it'll order more to account for the extra shelf space.  Unfortunately sometimes people forget to take stuff off of display status and the warehouse keeps sending double orders. Or sometimes the warehouse workers' brains stop working for a bit and they put heavy stuff on top of light stuff and the pallet falls over while we're taking it off the truck. In my case, my manager is kind of an idiot and does maintenance walls on my isle and just zeroes stuff out instead of checking to see if we have some in the back.  The Cao system though is simply not designed with the needs of the stores in mind. It's designed for the warehouse, to move inventory out of the warehouse, specifically. So if the warehouse gets overstocked on something, they'll just force it out to the stores, whether we need it or not. Screw it, it's the store's problem now.  It was really bad in 2020 when warehouse workers were all getting sick, so they started pulling people from the stores to work the warehouse and of course they had even less idea what they were doing than the usual warehouse crew.  This is a really cool system that could work really well if management would just screwing with everything.
Fun fact: Aldi has only 1650 different products that are continuously in store.
Kroger: do you have work experience in the grocery industry?  Wendover Viewers: yes, we watch Wendover Productions.
The animation quality in this episode is so high, fabulous job!
Just started the video, and I am sensing Aviation.
Lol as someone from Denver, I love how much the Denver Metro area shows up on this channel
"...Which itself is part of Krogers..."   pardon the criticism, but do you see an "S" after the word "Kroger"?  Nope.    Anyway, minor point in the big picture, just a pet peeve.  Keep up the good work!
I don't know if you are just parroting the Kroger line, but I guarantee you that 99% of their warehouses do NOT sort each pallet based on the item's shelf location.  Store workers must 'break' and sort each container, routing it to the appropriate department and/or aisle.
Next up: the incredible logistics of Sam’s life
It’s a good day when I see Wendover uploaded a video.
Despite everything that's going on in the world, I'm so thankful to be living in this century. We have so many consumer options that it's easy to get caught up with what we don't have, rather than what we do have.
Nebula's app UI is terrible. I've been subscribed for 10 months now and won't renew just because of that.
2:33 Truly stunning = not sustainable this way...
hahahaha well if that pallet ordering is real the US is being 100x more efficient than europe. Here they just throw it all on a cart however it fits best. And then we can go and split it into the correct paths in the store.
As someone who works at a Kroger affiliate store, I can guarantee you that the pallets aren't remotely arranged based on the aisles. There's a fairly consistent pattern to how they're stacked, but it has no discernable connection to the store layout. And then they'll toss a few randos in there just to fuck with you.
It's clear that the author has never worked in a US supermarket.  All your 'Pie-in-the-Sky' CAO (computer-assisted ordering) operational theory is nice, but it bears precious little resemblance to what actually happens in the real world. Maybe I'll write more later, but for now suffice to say that grocery chains tend to be managed by hopelessly incompetent individuals, and that waste and inefficiency is rampant.
Truly educational ... thanks
The choice/variety of products is something that, as an American, I never even thought about. A few weeks in the UK, though, illustrated to me that while there was *some* variety in product, it wasn't nearly what I was used to.
This topic comes just at the right time. A local supermarket chain here in central Germany ("tegut") was hacked recently and had to turn off all their network (mail, distribution software, etc.) for more than a week. Therefore all the processes described in the video had to be done manually (employees checking the stock in the market every day and ordering needed supplies from the distribution center via phone, since... well the company's network was shut down). Shelves looked Venezuela-like! At least those with highly demanded products... But they say they've expected buissness to run much worse than it finally did. Still it was a pretty mess I guess.
Amateurs talk about strategy. Professionals talk about logistics.
I hope they do a video on store brands. how they work and more.
I worked for 4 years in a super rural grocery store with only a 2 lane highway and a gravel mountain pass to get to us. We had 2 deliveries per week, one of Tuesday, and another on Friday. Every week without fail someone would come in at 8:57pm on a Monday, discover that we were out of milk (as our last shipment was Friday) and spend the next several minutes complaining that we were out of milk. Also this someone was often my grandmother, which made everything so much worse
1:03 🎵Avocados🥑🥑 from Mexico🇲🇽🎵
Anyone else here right after their AP exam?
So you are saying the distribution centers in England hold stock for the American market? Yes,  BT (British truck) forklift and pallet trucks are English. ASDA in England and Walmart in America don't have their pallets divided into isle areas.
There's so much choice in american supermarkets
NO FUCKING WAY, that Kroger is the SAME ONE I shop at, and even crazier... that truck with the camper, is MY MATH TEACHERS!
of american grocery stores*
People's Republic Of Walmart is a book "sort of" about this that's really interesting
Sloooooow Moving Inventory      🤣  am I the only one that found it funny how he said it.
Logistics is a science in itself. It's a mixture of natural science and human behaviors. It's been said that wars are won on logistics.
His prologues are the highlight of the videos!!!!
Be thankful for capitalism. Not long ago, citizens of communist countries had to wait in long lines to buy their allotted monthly rations.
🤙🏼
Did I miss the part where he explained why strawberries and tomatoes have no flavor due to being bred for unblemished travel?
We, in the Western USA, got cucumbers from NZ when they were totally out of season. They were always beyond salable, rotten to the core by the time they arrived at the store. 400 people, 17 modes of transport and endless fossil fuel to throw away most of your crop on the other side of the world.  P.S., One Touch was a pointless nightmare. It's meant to allow stockers to save time but like CAPTCHA, the computer doesn't know that this particular toothpaste has been moved to an endcap. So one guy wasted 5 hours so another guy can waste another 5 just to waste another 3 when someone else has to bin it back in when they run out of time upon the store opening. And do it all over again the next day.
What strikes me is that you could do all of this without actually exchanging money or using market signals and you'd still have very efficent food organization and distribution. Possibly even more efficent, since sales and whatnot in supermarkets are usually designed to make max profit instead of make maximum use of food.
I am curious how much direct-to-store stocking there is from vendors.  I often see the Pepsi or Frito-Lay guy there stocking his own shelves.  Great video.  I love this stuff.
Wendover rll and hai videos are always priority on my youtube feed
It is a shame that videos like this are almost always limited to systems in the usa
2:09 This is footage from a REWE grocery store in Germany.
Avocados from Mexico 🇲🇽🇲🇽
nobody cares
How is Kroger "the largest American supermarket company" when the next graphic shows Walmart with more than double Kroger's market share?
7:38 is that a rabbit in the middle of the frame?
Your typical American grocery store can be swapped for a Canadian grocery store (in the Canadian market). Same concept, different store companies selling similar products.
Great video as always. In your research did you come across much about the UK market? We had loads of big supermarkets in the early 00s, but the big winners of the last decade are the discount supermarkets, Lidl and Aldi, which offer a far more restricted range of items. Their success runs counter to your point about Walmart rolling back their reduced inventory variety. Are discount supermarkets rising in the US as well, or is it something to do with the high prevalence of online grocery shopping in the UK, coupled with many "Local/Express" supermarket stores? Could be a topic for a future follow up video.
The amount of plastic bags in these stores is painful to watch.
4:40 - Another reason inventory can be wrong is by incorrect scanning. For example, if two products are the same price (eg BBQ and plain varieties of the same brand of potato chips), if the cashier scans one of them twice and the other not at all, then the inventory will think stock of the one is lower than it is and stock of the other higher. This is why cashiers are supposed to scan each item properly, for inventory purposes. So don't yell at them for doing their jobs correctly.
Aldi is laughing about keeping things in stock and multiple variants of a product
This is a product of Capitalism, this abundance of food like never before. Human kind have ever imagined
“walmart tried reducing product diversity by 11%”  that’s their best idea to make more money? not hiring people who aren’t fat assholes?
HEB FOR THE WIN!!!!!!!!
Absolutely fascinating. Thanks 🙏🏼
Supermarkets are a gold mine of logistics and planning. By far my fave is how they setup items far apart so you'll have to go isle by isle to get on a typical shopper's grocery run. Usually the less selling items being near important things like milk, tomatoes, rice, soft drinks, etc.  Infact the millisecond you walk in you're already bombarded with sales and savings.
Automation is the savior!
Glenwood Springs is the most random location to choose, haha. Bigups from Boulder, CO
Sam do you frequently visit Aspen? You’ve brought it up in multiple videos and the final straw was the fact that you mentioned Glenwood, and almost no one outside the Roaring Fork Valley knows about Glenwood lol
My sisters runs a big grocery store in Belgium from one of the biggest brands in Europe. I was blown away that they had to count their inventory every week to check what to order instead of just an system as you describe.
And still I have to order shit online because I apparently have obscure taste
Logistics, the unsung hero of the developed countries
I'm waiting for the logistics of The Curiosity and Nebula bundle video any day now.
THAT'S CAPITALISM BABY!
As a former employee of kings soopers I can confirm that this is all true. The only part you’re missing is the utterly chaotic mood during rush hour
Compliments for the clarity of your presentation - albeit it runs at a bit faster pace than what I would have liked. I had to freeze the video a couple of times. I like Oreos.
"We don't know how it is without supermarkets." You should visit rural parts of developing nations...
Thank you for hearing our complaints of your pacing issues from your the last several videos. This was going to be the last chance that I give you to fix it before unsubscribing, but you made it out with the improvements. Remember that not every single sentence needs those long-pauses emphasis at the ending.
Gonna be real: store brand hazelnut spread is better than Nutella.
1:59 ayyyye heinen’s checkkkk
Lol, and then there's Norway, or "The Last Soviet State" as I like to call it. Usually there's one or two choices for each item, except maybe candy and snacks. And everything is in tiny packages and super expensive. Meanwhile, across the border in Sweden there's more of a US-style selection, with half a dozen or more options of even the most obscure products.
Got any grapes? Yes, because supermarkets are a marvel obscured by banality. Let's take a look at the modern global supply chain.
I've actually been to the Glenwood Springs City Market. How bizarre
lol i will never join nebula
Ok... here he goes again with the Colorado mentions
Make more airplane videos
I'm a developer for a large Dutch retailer, working on applications for their distributions centers. They take this insane system a step further by not having warehouses at their stores (ir at least their inner city ones). It's all floor space. All the product is on the shelves - if they run out, that's it. They're operating on an absolute knife edge. Plus, only one of their DCs is mechanized to the degree shown - the rest rely on human pickers. The savings even a small improvement (eg. self-registering app for truck drivers, to signal they've arrived and are ready for loading, rather than a phone call) as astronomical. It truly is an astonishing system.
Chorlith
Appreciate you showing my local Zanotto's! Small world
Every Wendover Productions video starts with and emphasizes on the word "This".
YEAH BABY HEINEN’S IN CHAGRIN FALLS
Just in time economy, all it takes is a little “push” 🤡
Many large company products have their own distribution networks. I've worked as a merchandiser for Pepsi. We have sales reps that meet with individual store managers to sell product for the next delivery. They work on a plan to get as many displays as possible so customers see Pepsi products everywhere and think about them. Pallets of pepsi products will be delivered directly from the bottling plant to stores. Then us merchandisers will go to the store and take our products and fill our own shelves and coolers, and build displays if necessary. No store employee is involved except for the manager buying the product before the delivery.
Is it just me or is this not up on nebula yet? 🤔
5:01 ERDNUSS FLIPS!! I love those things.
This video made me sad :\ The consumerism is just outstanding
14:28 is it just me or is that a big pink penis???
Everybody is looking at the cameras and I hate it
Alert : New video released by Wendover Me : *Stretches & Gets Cozy* we're ready to watch 🤠  As always, one of the most insightful producers on YouTube. Keep up the excellent work!
I hate this channel no, he said gala wrong
Airplanes?
10:50 haha yeah I wish. #walmart
There is an important trick supermarkets use and is less know, that is buying and selling inventory to other competitors. There is a whole industry behind that, with traders and brokers. In Europe is a common practice even cross-border.
This video is awesome and yet it's still kind of annoying that I want to signup somewhere else to watch it completely.
you sound like that guy from TikTok 🤨
Banality? I love going to the supermarket. They're pretty...
Ok
T H E R E F O R E
It’s all about efficiency for the supermarkets so they say. But this efficiency comes by squeezing everything to the point of exhaustion. From their suppliers to haulage companies to their own employees even the planet itself. And for what? So Mr Johnson never runs out of his organic blueberry jam or whatever and the likes of the Walton family can become even more obscenely rich than they are already.
I DEMAND A T-SHIRT THAT SAYS "YOU SEE..." (And the Wendover logo)
The daily lamp syntactically connect because hill only fire beside a standing turtle. adaptable, hysterical signature
What's the diff between smooth and regular, though?
I like Colorado as much as the next guy but why do so many of your examples use Colorado?
We live in an age of abundance, here in Dubai you can find fresh Norwegian Salmon caught a couple of days ago. Modern life is so underrated
Wait this is on curiosity stream not nebula? Im confused.
I love your videos, especially those about logistics. Keep up the good work.
Brilliant. Always found modern supply chain logistics as a modern marvel.
ITS PRONOUNCED GIF
Great video EXCEPT the use of Oreos as an example was driving me crazy as Oreos are DSD, meaning Nabisco delivers them themselves. It's also worth mentioning third party distributors such as KeHe for niche items, who will even send half cases of items.
Capitalism is a wonderful thing.
Shelf stocker for a large grocery store chain in Canada here. My store does not sort products by aisle, in fact it doesn't even sort products by department but instead just sends pallets with products from all over the store which we then have to sort through to grab our products that we are suppose to stock.
What would humanity do without software^^  This crazy Logistics wouldn't be possible at all...
Ok many of your recent videos have taken place in colorado. You must be a fellow coloradan.
Worked in a grocery store for multiple years, the gist of the information is very accurate. Also, most of our total weekly load, as in all the trucks we get in throughout the week, are picked pallets and not machine created.
Buy Fresh, Buy Local. Healthier food and you aren’t supporting a large corporation.
This is even crazier than you being that guy from half as interesting
Ge i wish our where house would do that I can get 32 pallets a night and each pallet will have 3 - 8 isle worth of stuff on it we have 13 isles
I have a feeling he lives in colorado, basicly every episode colorado is mentioned
As an Orderfiller at a Walmart DC facility, it’s disheartening to see “small efficiency improvements” be mistaken for squeezing the labor pool by applying pressure on production. consumer satisfaction has come at a cost by increasing overworked laborers and a more dangerous environment overall. 12-15 hour work days can not be justified the dictatorship from mega-corporations/consumers.
That part about keeping niche slow moving products to keep shoppers, I never realized it until now but that is absolutely true. I keep a mental note of which supermarkets I can get certain items and that determines where I end up shopping for the most part.
Logistics is so cool if you aren't responsible for any of it
"Chilay"
“Krogers” - No, it’s just Kroger. Just like the people who say Meijers... grrrr!! Great video though!
As a checker at a grocery store, this is very interesting.
I love the thought that there’s a over night crew to stock shelves a worked for one of there Subsidiaries called Dillons and also they didn’t have a night crew to stock shelves they normally did it the morning though I have also had more people come into my current store because Walmart doesn’t carry a certain item
From a guy that works in the industry, kudos to you! your research was on point, great explanation as always, that makes me think I have received quality info for topics I have no idea at all
I work in a Tesco express in the UK and our stock count happens every 6 months, and funnily enough it happend just days ago, but we lost around £2,000 worth of stock, time before that nearly 5k, but our location is key as we've the only store for a couple miles in a local neighbourhood so probably why we're still around
There is so much behind supermarket logistics. I hope this video is the start of a series.
this animation is so good
Stop premotting Nebula
One thing I find odd is the top 10 American grocers make up 45% of the market.  In Australian. The two main grocers make up nearly 85%
4:50 : I word at a Lowe's subsidiary, not true, there is a large amount of disparity
...yet somehow, they still manage to create enormous amounts of food waste.
What, not even a mention of the amount of food waste the supermarket model creates? Huh
I work at a nofrills grocery store in Ontario and we'll have a full-blown inventory count about twice a year but every day we have someone who goes through the whole store and scans all the empty spots to see if they come up as a zero count on the inventory program, if it says we have some of the product we have to go looking for it (in displays outside the shelf, the back room, etc.) And if it isn't there we correct the inventory count for that product
Wendover: avocados from Mexico Me: 🎶avocados from Mexico🎶🥑
16 minute video  "wAtCh iT oN cuRiOSiTy sTReAm fOr eVeRYThiNg wE hAd tO cuT bEcauSE oF *tIME"*
15:39 RIP laptop
The thing with the grapes is pretty interesting, I've always found the seedless red grapes marked as from Peru to be larger and tastier than the others.
There is no way aircraft are involved with this
On the buyers site. I have noticed that some stores do deliberately only sell a few versions of a type. not do to lack of space. but if a store has to much options it can lead people to become indecisive. (to much options) Here in the Netherlands supermarkets like Aldi and Lidl deliberately only sell  there own brand and for some shell stable items they do also sell 1 A brand level product. (making it cheaper for the stores but also easier to pick for the clientele.   I know that when I am in the USA visiting my relatives I can get overwhelmed by just the insane size of a Wall Mart.
7:30 "The entire country's grape supply is largely fueled by -California- *J* *A* *S* *O* *N*
It’s a broken system that is destroying the planet!
It was funny to watch this being from a small Indian town, here grocery stores work exactly like you said they were a century ago.
based
And now you know why stores had no TP in 2020😁👍
This is great! I go to the Chicago Oreo warehouse, well they have more than just Oreos.
I was just trying to explain this to people who take our supply chain for granted
Chunky Smuckers sounds real odd. 🤣🤣
🎵 AVOCADOS FROM MEXICO 🎵
I work at a major retailer.  And most pallets are 'remix' pallets, ie different boxes of different products of a single department. So a Domestics pallet will include plates, utensils, picture frames and candles, while a Toys pallet will simply contain Toys, from Barbies to Fisher-Price toddler learning toys, etc.  Even our grocery is like that, but further split up, usually by aisle, so a half pallet or a full pallet of soups, Asian foods, chili, etc which all go down one aisle.
That's crazy. My company delivered to that store in Glenwood Springs last night.
Its crazy how regional the US. Kroger is apparently the largest grocery chain in the country, but this is the first time I've ever heard of it.
"Windego Logistics?"  Sounds familiar.
So now that we understand the logistics, we can also understand the Omega Mart lore better.
As a Coloradoan, I’m suspicious of all of your Colorado references Sam. Who the hell else knows what a City Market is??
No mention of Cosmic Crisp? That's like the best one!
I love developed world, all those undevelopies can learn something.
"How do I make this about planes?" - that HAI guy
1:53, guy's caught with his zipper down, on stock footage for everyone to see whenever this stock is requested
As some who works as a developer for a stock management software dev house, it's nice that you kinda gave a shoutout as to how important software is to these companies.
Here in Ireland we have one of the largest buildings in the world by largest usable volume, and it belongs to a supermarket distribution centre :)
Ah yes I've been waiting for this
This reminds me of the Calvin & Hobbes comic about Calvin's dad freaking out about all the different choices of peanut butter
Why do shops in my country stock the shelves during the day, thus disrupting shoppers, instead of doing it at night? So dumb.
"densely populated areas of the East Coast" *shows stock footage of Cincinnati Ohio*
10:50 I work at a Grocery Store and I wish they did that, however most of the pallets are organized in different categories (etc. canned goods, paper products, condiments, household goods, pet product). It is really annoying because sometimes one pallet will have products that belong on multiple aisles sometimes on the other side of the store.
Too many choices and huge grocery stores stress me out.
you just had to say "avocados from mexico"
FYI, “Kroger” isn’t pronounced with an S at the end even though everyone says it that way (including you in this video 😂)
Working in outreach in africa and parts of asia, the "small grocery store" is actually something you still see. Even in europe, there are still small grocery shops in certain cities, a sort of halfway step to the industrialized megamarts that we see in America.  That sort of standardization and homogenization of the shopping experience has serious societal and cultural impacts to the people that use such stores, and I honestly believe a lot of our over-consumerism, overall unhealthiness, and weaker sense of community connection can be traced to how suburbia and supermarkets changed the way we live.
jesus christ, maybe I dont want to work at a super market
But how do airports help the supermarket industry!?
Next video on Wendover: The Logistics Of Creating My Very Own Streaming Service
Istg Wendover broke up with planes, and is rebounding with distribution logistics.
The ending of this video shows clearly that many creators are leaving Youtube.  That's very similar to what we saw on the vid.
As someone who works in retail, my only response to your description of how pallets are organised and built is this: I freaking wish.
I learned alot of this when I starting to be involved on inventory counting at my grocery store. It makes a huge difference to keep your product well-counted as the work load drops and your backroom is kept organized and easy to find your aisle holes. Only thing I'd say is inaccurate is the pallet organization. Our selectors just stack according to their skill, so some pallets are badly stacked. There is a pattern of what products are grouped together, but there might be 4-5 aisles on 1 pallet all mixed together for foundation support. The same products usually end up on the same pallets every truck day, but their organization is not layered like you describe. Half of my work day is separating these products by aisle so it can be efficiently worked. It would be too difficult and complicated to do it by aisle as every store can be different in its product and aisle organization, as the way a store is setup is often designed according to its geographical market.
Pallets were usually picked by weight to minimize shrink and maximize stability.  For example, you would never put bags of dog food on top of chips or noodles.
Here in the EU, for some reason the less variety grocery stores are dominating the market. Seems like we over here are valuing price over variety in our products.
5:22 would ya look at that Integra
Is that the east liberty whole foods at 2:19 ?
I don’t work at a grocery store so I can neither confirm nor deny that this is how it works
I'n hopefully gonna study Logistics next year xD
I do remember one day we revived container of tinsels for Christmas trees from China. All we have to do is just open the boxes mix different colors, styles and lengths so every store will get wide variety of options. It was planned as few hour work for 12 workers or so. As soon as we started opening the boxes they increase in volume maybe 1000 times). Entire 7 layer massive distribution center was messed by tinsels with mismatching barcodes. We tried multiple strategies first was just to print correct ones and relabel. After half day off relabeling we realize it will took forever. Finally I did contacted to warehouse software developer we did implemented some new features directly replacing some barcodes in database took about a week or so.
It's good to be alive these days when we can have almost anything we want anytime, anywhere, from supermarkets. I'm from Uruguay and old enough to remember going to the grocery and requesting stuff at the counter...that is gone now. The downside of supermarkets and huge stocks year round is that you get used to it and the excitement of getting something that was seasonal, exotic or hard to get is gone. Back in the day it was exciting to get a chance to eat a mango or some exotic food, or you had to travel to be able to taste a lot of the stuff you now see everyday at the store, now everything feels like commodities.
Pretty cool you mentioned the Coachella valley since I live there and I am currently working in the production of boxes for the grapes:D
This isnt formula 1.....
The World: you need to stop investing in Fossil Fuels by the end of the year or Imma evict you  Sam: till go brrrrrr
I got Nebula last year and loved it but 1 core feature was missing. Playlists. I use YT a lot before bed. It's calming to hear creators such as yourself, RLL, Real Engineering, Smarter Every Day, Answers with Joe, etc but I add them to a playlist so that I don't have to go look for another 10-20 minute video and eventually I fall asleep.  If Nebula had playlists it would definitely become my go to.
You SEE...  ;-)
This is going to be great, let me sit back, the Wendover and Chill...
In ALDI the pallet is the shelf.
Kroger best grocery store 😳
Pretty great video, I work in a distribution centre and can say it’s insane that we manage to stay on top of all the orders while still managing inventory that goes bad within a week or two of being delivered to us.
I hope this serves as helpful feedback, but the video felt about 1 minute and 49 seconds too long. Maybe the YouTube algorithm has it right? Great content nonetheless, keep it up!
13:48 that's my kroger
I just wanna know what the hell is in those damn Oreo cookies and why are the Double Stuff Family size always on sale? That's right I need to know just what the hell is going on! Oreos and those McDonald's french fries are in cahoots to take over the world... lmao. Drop a a couple of pallets of Oreo cookies across enemy lines and see how quiet it gets. And don't combine the Oreos with Bluebell Ice cream, ohhhh maaaan  that's a diabetic coma waiting to happen! Now is it me or conspiracy my brother ✊🏾 These are thoughts from the "Fat Man's coalition" and I approve this message 😋
That’s my city market
Wait - Where is the tie to aviation?  :) Seriously, one of your best videos.  Thank you!
Just watched the extended version on Nebula and leave a like and comment for the algorithm. I had only little knowledge about the topic. Didn't thought it was as complex as shown.
A Wendover video without any mention of planes? wow
I absolutely love your logistics videos, they're very interesting. Thank you ;-)
Do a logistics video on the automotive industry!
this is an area in which capitalism shines
Just wait for the logistics of bricks video
Wendover: "The Logistics of-" Me: **clicks faster than the speed of light**
It'd be fascinating to see the industry wide adoption of  management software over time versus the level of product diversity and quantity over time to see how far you can go with stores run by people before this system became ubiquitous.
Decent video! Thanks for uploading!
Well.. Where I am from it is completely normal that there are always some items that are not in stock. From time to time it is a bit anoying but it is.. well.. expected. And I don't think that Germany is considered a underdeveloped country or is considered a country with bad infrastructure (at least when it is not internet infrastructure).
Next video: Logistics of logistics industry
I work with beer and I’m in charge of the monthly inventory check. Very similar but right next to the production of the product. I wonder how many companies do monthly inventory checks
You said nut butter
For all interested in this topic study Category Management. It's the theory behind the layout, design, and everything else included in running a grocery store.
3:47, I've never been into a Walmart, but I'm stunned by how many cameras there are! What!
bumping channel for the algorithm
2:00 Hey that's where I shop
Good contents on both youtube channel ! You finally convinced me to purchase an annual plan on CS using ur code.  Thanks !!.
This is what people are talking about when they say free markets work.
2:54 Eeey, look at HEB. Beating out megacorps like Whole Foods, Target and Trader Joe's
This video simply blew my mind.
Yo that heinens is close to me
Man I never knew you guys are locals Coloradans
The logistics of small-town grocery stores are even funnier, as one person can constitute the entire demand for a product. My brother is most of his small town’s demand for quarts of vanilla yogurt
in chile we have both, the small grocery and the big supermarket, so, i kind of know the difference, and I need to say, the fruit and the vegetables are always better outside the supermarket
As a Colorado native, I love how in so many of your vids you use an example from here, but I do wonder, why?
Watching this video as I'm getting ready to go to work in at s grocery store
Where all my Covid money went...there and getting courses learning another skill.
Question - Ur the Wendover guy right and not that HAI guy?
Lucky you guys, I will be lucky If I found one other type of bread
Here in Brazil in the early 2000s goverment tried a program to take food for very poor people but it was so hard and complicated that many people in the rural areas recieved things too late or it proved to be too expensive for the goverment. They gave up and to this day poor people get money to go buy groceries instead!
viva chile!
Worked at a grocery store that manually ordered the shelves, we had an electronic system to scan items onto an order list and it'd show when/how much was ordered. It however, did nothing to predict future orders or manage backstock.  It was 3-4 people to manage roughly 10,000 individual products and several hundred sale items, then account for the days that the trucks dont ship.  Working grocery can be boring and repetitive, but its not just stocking shelves and facing. There is real responsibility when your manager is pissed you didn't order 15 cases of GOE Red Hot Blue 32oz chips for the 2for $5 promo on 4th of july.
Wait… THIS GUY IS FROM HAI HEEEEH
Ah yes, the delicious grainysmith apple! 😂
Started eating some Oreos just before hitting play on this video. Mine were from Mexico.
Meanwhile in China....
Krogers with an s, gotta be a Midwesterner
I do think that some stores who keep these niche items are rather clever in some way. Lets say that they have a certain very selected royal peanut butter brand of some sorts which if sold alone would not be very profitable yet they keep it because the consumer who might buy it might also need bread, butter or whatever goes along with the peanut butter and it's just there where keeping the not-so-popular peanut butter did it's job and bring in the money. If a competitor had that brand then the consumer will just buy the bread an butter there as well...
He sounds like HALF AS INTRESTING guy
Once i see a video about "The insane" my brain just goes *click*
13:50 Crikey remember when supermarkets were that packed?
Actually, Nabisco, is a direct store delivery vendor
Hey! That's me! -Supermarket worker
The retail store I used to work at was tiny just 3 small isles but had £7000 of losses to theft every 6 weeks on average.  God knows how much a large Walmart must see in just a week.
11:00 Former TESCO employee: *chuckles in TESCO*  I was running up and down the aisles all night because they were all over the place, and management decided to rearrange everything every few months to make customers wander more... and us...
We need a video on the logistics of Costco
incredible what capitalism has enabled us to have, right? were all kings
Red Velvet Oreo's with Creme Cheese filling. Yummy!😋
Very informative video
One thing that isn't well mentioned, is while yeah you can use regional climate differences to have a fruit essentially year round, you sure as hell don't won't get good fruit year round,, and in some cases like tomatoes they never are good because they all are gotten by the cheapest outlet which typically is far away, and that translates to fruit picked while it is still green so it can survive the long trip.   "Vine ripened" when you see it in a store is often such a joke it's not funny.
Mint oreo 😭 never available 😭
that moment when your grocery store is in the B-roll 😳
I try to shop and support local grocery stores as much as possible but ultimately walmart just always seems to have everything in stock. For example Philladelphia cream cheese, my favorite flavor is garden vegetable. Theres 4 grocery stores and 2 walmarts within a few miles of me and yet only the walmarts seem to stock that one particular flavor of creamcheese. As much as I hate supporting walmart I know that everytime I go Ill always find my items in stock.
Publix being bigger than Target was not something I expected
grapes
I’m a simple guy. I see “the logistics of” and I run to watch it 👍🏻
This is somehow a nostalgia trip. It like when we were younger we didn’t have the internet. So we had questions about how things operate. But it like we forgot to research this when the internet came around and Wendover Productions is reminding us
2:47 There's no S in "Kroger," Sam. /fury
And somehow they still don’t have eggs or milk
what i want to know is why North Americans buy so much??
In a way, the grocery store contributed significantly to the fall of the Soviet Union.  While traveling to the US in 1989, Boris Yeltsin made an unscheduled visit to a Randall's store in Clear Lake Texas, and upon realizing that not even the Politburo had access to a small fraction of the products found in any typical grocery store in any typical American town, it completely destroyed his faith in Communism.
We're in danger of losing them with rising global instability imposed by totalitarian regimes that thought it was a great idea to shut everything down over not very significant (on its own) flu that global powers have used to steal more authority and control over the masses.  This is on top of a predicted global famine starting about now to escalate over a few years, the snowball's started rolling.
As a truck driver that used to deliver meat/produce and frozen/dairy for a carrier that worked for Walmart, I'm super stoked that a video like this came out.  Thank you WP
"we dont know a world before supermarkets" me, who lived on a small island and didnt see a single supermarket till i was 12 years old  *yeah, no*
2:30 That moment when you know the exact location of stock footage. It's in Dubai
"other nut butter"..... Pffffffffftttt
Thanks wendower for giving this great information
Do we really need grapes all year round? And do we really nodo all those varieties of apples? This looks so bad for our environment…
Aldi Where you get limited choice across the board. Unless you want a surf board, typewriter, and a 30ft umbrella in one aisle.
Lmao Sam calls it “Kroger*s*”
.
i can only imagine the amount of work that goes behind this kind of videos!!
I used to be an assistant manager at…. One of Kroger’s competitors that used to operate in Canada. Listening to you go through something that has become so natural to me, Thank you. I’ve been having a crisis of confidence on my skills and having you recognize how truly complex retail is restored my faith in myself.
some people misrepresent their order.  one woman said "i have 20 orange water bottles"  when questioned she said that all were the same price.  some of them were other flavors though.  misrepresentation is a form of theft.
Also the grocery stores will never know when MrBeast is going to come in and buy every single item
The video should be called the incredible waste. Talk about an industry run on corruption and imaginary money...
It's not a Wendover video without: 1) Planes 2) That map graphic 3) Ending a sentence Like This. 4) Reguarly 5) Therefore, 6) The Logistics of....
A shop on every corner is stil the case is europe
This is one of the most Interesting Videos I  Watch.
Sam is kind of person who take "Amateurs study tactics, while professionals study logistics" to a whole new level.
10:50 I've been working at a store for 6 years, I wish they did this. It might be the intent, but I can confidently say that's not how it works most of the time.
2:22 LOWES FOOOOOODDDDSSSSSS
Dude this is one of your best videos. This stuff is SO COOL! You explained it really well 👏🏿
2:35 "this is a typical American supermarket" as you can see by it being a parking lot with a building in the background that you suspect is the actual reason people park there
Well ces and no, many supermarkets in Europe are much smaller and have much less variety than american ones
PLANES
Why was the peanut part the best part?
Capitalism is good.
Oreos are not that good
Totally nutz, and so fragile.
Just pressed play, there better be a reference to planes in this video or I want my Wendover bucks back
You should see what HEB is doing with "Curbside". An entire warehouse size building attached to an already large supermarket that is dedicated solely for people that dont want to shop inside themselves.
Shout-out to my fellow overnight stocking crew.
did that guy just drown his laptop over youtube punishing him for longer videos?..
man logistics is such an interesting career, its one of the 3 that im still thinking of doing, the other 2 are architecture and mechanical engineering
As someone who grew up in Glenwood CO, I got very excited when our neighborhood store was showcased!! Even just seeing that picture brought me back. Mom would still go to the nearest Costco though
So does a lot of supermarkets out there have like a pallet in the back filled with Saffron or is there some kind of special "not on a pallet" system going on with it ?
Grounded aviation industry has hit him hard 😶...
"Avocados from Mexico" I like what you did there hehe
great video
I live in Mexico and, while I understood his point (of course), I did have to laugh at peanut butter as an example of global logistics. The grocery stores I go to only have one brand and frequently only crema de cacahuate cremosa (creamy peanut butter). No brand competition. No organic. No different sized of chunks. No hay nada! 😂
Regarding niche products of low volume, definitely. I travel to a local marketplace explicitly because of niche products.
I'm surprised there's not already a "The Incredible Logistics of Airbus" video
Amazing content!
"The pallets are organized so the stockers can easily move down the aisles and conveniently place items."  LIES!
Great time to remind yourself that even if you live in a so-called "food dessert" you have access to more and better food than any of history's greatest emperors.
About to listen to this video while stocking shelves at a grocery store.
Awesome video
You see
I literally just watched your old ass 4 minute video about how grocery stores are set up. Wild to see how far you’ve come
Next up: The encredible logistics of bricks
supermarkets are also the worst place to work in. People are horrible to you, bosses just want to pay as little as possible and want to sell everything even if it looks like death, but the coworkers can be pretty dope.
“Regurly”
Me a trucker in food distribution... "My time has come"
I would love to know why so many videos seem to have components in Colorado.  Is there something that is especially unique to us as opposed to other places?
I work for a supply chain software company as my dayjob. This is all right up my alley!
When I first heard about the "supply chain" being disrupted from covid, I knew I wanted to learn what that supply chain actually was. So thanks.
This video should be shown to inner-city know it all who wonder why there are food deserts in those towns. Who would want to do business there, how could you, how much are you willing to lose?
Therefore ,
It's absolutely appalling that store clerks are forced to stand the whole duration of their shift in the US
All throughout this video, I kept thinking of the damn pallets. A lot of us probably overlooked the supermarket industry, but we're all overlooking the wooden pallet industry. I'm not sure if it's worth a video to you, but I definitely think you should check it out.
🎵 Avocados from Mexico 🎵
i like this video
"because they like Walmart more." Said no one ever.
Can you do one about logistics and economics of  hospitals?
Earliest I've ever been
Why do you use my home state so much?! I've shopped in that exact City Market almost every week for my whole life... cool to see it featured!
Lol nabisco stuff is not palletized. They have a process that is the same everywhere and stuff comes in poorly stacked regularly.
really good thumbnail,wendover makes the best thumbnails out there,i really appreciate that😁
next video, logistic of are car dealership, the video would be based n a toyota dealer
next video, logistic of are car dealership, the video would be based n a toyota dealer
damn he summerized what i have studiet for 2 years in just 16minutes
Logistics is every important word form bulk carrier transporting a ton of groceries to Houston being laid on short haul train CSX manifest then to cargo yard and to long-haul truck which drive in afternoon to reach at evening to distributive center so that the semi-trailer truck head to their receptive store in nearly 1pm to 5 reaching the back shutter of store or mall opens with new products in to their categories or rack where they settled in and person come there to checked the bar code and manufacture date                           but appreciate the Wendover production work they are fab and provide info
Anyone notice that this guy sounds like that guy on half as interesting? Makes me want a brick video
I like your longer videos due to less jokes that drags out
Yeah, well, maybe we could spare some grapes during off season rather than keep fueling global warming on every petty desire we have.
"Other nut butter" This video quickly took an NSFW turn
Sam: The only person that could make me watch a video about grocery stores
The first part reminded me of Barry Schwartz's Paradox of Choice talk.
How often do they reorder?
"We have no basis of comparison."  The intro is extremely bullshit and very American.
The logistics behind YouTube coming up now 👀
2:10 When you spot this clip must be in germany because of these serperator things :D
Good video sam!
13:28 a sit down narrow aisle reach truck. So bougie
niche products are nice...but is there necessary products? like meat, rice, pasta,bread?
"Inventory" is done once a year at big stores.  Counting on hands, as walmart says, is done regularly.
avocados from mexico 🎶
You make a relatively major error that, as someone relatively familiar with grocery store logistics, bothers me quite a bit.  You excluded direct store delivery (DSD) from the logistics model you laid out. This is a critical mistake as it’s how a ton of products are delivered and shelved in stores nationwide. Major manufacturers like Pepsi, coke, nabisco, etc. have teams of salesmen and delivery drivers that ensure stores are supplied with products.  The fact that you used nabisco as an example when discussing how products are delivered from manufacturers to distribution centers and then to stores is what made me decide to comment. Nabisco is a DSD vendor which means that the manufacturer delivers merchandise directly to the store, bypassing the grocer’s distribution center.    I’ll explain the way this works (in most cases) using nabisco (mondelez) as an example: 1. Products are manufactured at Mondelez factories. 2. Products are shipped to regional Mondelez distribution centers. 3. Product is delivered to stores by Mondelez drivers and is then checked into store inventory management systems. 4. Mondelez sales and merchandising employees arrive at stores and stock product on store shelves. 5. Those same sales and merchandising employees use Mondelez inventory management software and sales projection software to order the next delivery.  Depending on the product, companies who participate in store DSD programs will deliver and merchandise product anywhere from 2-5 times a week. Mission tortilla vendors, for instance, service most stores 2 times a week, while coke services most stores 5 times a week. Additionally, some companies employ sales, merchandising, and drivers as all separate positions, some combine them into just one position and some combine the sales and merchandising jobs into one position. Mission has one sales/driver/merchandiser do the whole job for each store while coke has a separate employee for each aspect of the job.
Nebula should have an ad supported version
people developing logistics for grocery stores: *big brain* people developing logistics for covid-19 vaccine: *negative IQ*
2:48 This guy did not just say Krogers with an S. lmao. (kind of an inside joke we have among regional dialects here.)
"pineapples from Costa Rica, *avocados from Mexico*, and mangos from Brazil"
11:37 I was just getting ready to write a flame comment till we got here.  I've visited grovery warehouses from one end of the U.S. to the other, and I've never seen that degree of automation.  Most pallet breakdown and pallet building is still done by good ol' human lumpers and pickers. To me, the more fascinating part is how the incredibly complex supply chains are maintained.
I've shopped at that very City Market in Glenwood Springs while camping in the area and going to the hot springs.
🎵 Avocados from Mexico 🎵
If you want a food related logistics hellscape, check out Hawaii’s food distribution system. Stores never have more than like three days of stock on the shelves, and basically all of the infrastructure is in low lying, hurricane/tsunami prone areas. We’re gonna get screwed someday.
so you telling me that my job, the actual job I do with my monkey brain and a calculator is done with algorithms in grocery stores? :O Product X sells 20 a day +-5 pieces. so I order 200, just to be sure. suddenly product X sells 70 a day for two days. no promo, no ads, no coupons! and sold out for the last two days like wtf. if a computer knows this, I want them to do my job!
The most annoying thing about supermarkets:  Supermarket management meeting: - Lets build a huge supermarket! With lots of food and stuff. And 15 checkout counters. - Yes! And lets keep only 2 of them open.
Hi
Good job. You've made grocery stores interesting.
Kroger: "We don't have an S in our name" Sam and every other Midwesterner: "ok Krogers"
Capitalism... *wipes tear from eye*🥲
avocados from mexico
Now I wanna listen to The Clash.
I'm gonna tell you right now after working in one, no one cares about anything but selling product.  Have to throw out a pallet of potatoes, ok.  Absolutely abhorrent
Huh, I thought they were just apples man, I never knew they had surnames
As a former Walmart shelf stocker I would like to point out that Walmart does not organize pallets based on a products location in the Aisle.
FYI Kroger not Krogers
When I see a Wendover logistics video I TURN INTO A TELESCOPE
Living in a developing country, i can't help but say these supermarkets are an 8th wonder of the world, no wonder Mikhail Gorbachev was impressed by one
If I buy Oreos today I will blame you.  😊
I want to know why avocados are about 15p in the US, and over £1 each for what would be considered medium sized at best in the UK.  And of course they're never ripe.
Wendover always coming through with some really interesting content 👌🏻
The start of this video really reminds me of Russel's club sandwich dialogue in half life alyx.
1:04 doğru görüyorsunuz
I thought that he was going to say, "You can waste your money on organic peanut butter."
I can never get enough of this stuff. How you can find anything interesting in so many “boring” subjects is astounding. Keep up the outstanding work.
I want to know the logistics behind Desktop GPU, like there's a lot of brands that sells them but the chip itself only comes from either Nvidia or AMD. And as it's currently stands, GPU in general is quite hard to get between the skyrocketing price and low availability
Just in time for my research project lololol
Basically this is portal 2 campaign
Here in Texas we have the best supermarket.
"We just don't know a world without supermarkets" me: buys everything online, I do know
Thank you, capitalism.
Still waiting for a video on the logistics of the motor industry :(
Now this is quality content.
Everyone knows Pink Lady's are the best apples. EDIT: can you do a video about the process behind self checkouts?
Currently the two largest supermarkets in Australia take about 5 billion dollars per year in profit between them.  The idea that the private sector is cheaper than the government for this function is ludicrous.
“...incredibly consolidated, with the top 4 holding 45% of the market share...”  As an Australian this actually made me jealous. Try 2 with 80%.
We need to know the logistics of creating a logistics video, like from getting the video idea to all the hardware to storing it and finally releasing it online
I work in the produce department of a small-ish grocery store and usually people come to us more when our local Walmart is out of something and when that happens we usually run out of the same thing
Thank you, I work for the Major Grocery retailer in the U.S. It never ceases to amaze me at the variety of items we stock. You answered for me a nagging question that many store managers have been unable to answer; 30,000 products for the avg sized store. Thank you. I find the ice cream varieties to be the most astonishing with yogurt following.
- Why does it work? - Because 0 government officials are involved.
Wendover when deciding the next video topic:  Does it have logistics? Do the logistics involve planes?
It must have been interesting to come up with the plan. Every single product is designed to where maximize purchasing. Interesting how we are we manipulating and marketed.
4 chains for a country is bad? We have just 2 chains which dominate in Finland these days, the K and S chains, but Lidl recently entered the market and has 10% marketshare already, growing every year.
but then you add aldi/lidl to the mix and now the story's all messed up
Why did he say Kroger was the largest US supermarket company when shortly after he shows Walmart is much bigger?
i work in one of these warehouses in my country.. we pick everything by hand..
If you work in the back part of a supermarket or have done you will get all this, Very stressful
When will this madman run out of things to talk about their logistics
"Everything we cut for time" lulz, bro, it's YouTube.
"Shrink" is what we call lost items. (Stolen, broken, etc.) Because your inventory shrinks roughly 10-15%
Anyone try the Cotton Candy Twinkies yet?
Finally, the video I’ve been waiting for
in suburb india, it's basically 0:28
Oh snap, a Wendover video that's less than 15 minutes old!
Everyone who has commented at this point hasn’t seen the full video 👀
Earlyy
U should make Merchandise that has bricks and planes on it    Ik a lot of people would buy it
Wendover Productions in 2040: Years ago, we used to go to the supermarket, push a real shopping cart made of steel..........
There is no "s" in Kroger
Honestly logistic videos always float my boat
Bruh acting like I've never lived in Mexico lmaoo. But in reality in Mexico especially in small pueblos or towns it's still a small market every few blocks and if you are lucky maybe a "supermarket" but it is very small compared to a Walmart and H.E.B.
Small stores are still dominant in rest of the world you know...
Wendover: Grocery stores logistics Me: planes are involved for sure, let's see how he made it this time
What develops great logistical skills in a man? Having three mistresses at the same time.
Who else sung the jingle the moment he said "Avocados from Mexico"?
What is even more interesting is how store merchandising works to get you to spend more money.  I worked in the grocery industry for nine years and their is a method to the madness.  It is all about increasing the cart size.
Next : logistics of buses and their routes
If you want to see a grocery store being stocked visit visit a WinCo after 11pm
Chido
The logistics of vineyards plz 😊
Just waiting for Amazon to destroy every other supermarket chain.
avocados from Mexico
I like the animation this guy made from 1:19 to 1:46
avocados from mexico!
Me :  (Laughs in India)
The intro is so idiotically American it's going to need its own mobility scooter. Those "small specialty stores" are still a thing and very much alive in most of Europe and Asia.
Where's the planes?
Wow
Ur Profile Picture Kinda Looks Like From Cayote Peterson/Brave Wilderness
Honestly variety is what i  learn from this man, he goes from building an Airline to Vaccine Distribution Logistics to Grocery Stores
Avocados from Mexico you say...
I did inventory check once and we lost over $10000 in stock loss. Stock that we thought we had but we didn't.
Can you make a logistics video on how you make a video?
Honorable mention: All of the random crap they pack into the checkout lanes along with the National Enquirer's in a desperate bid for another dollar.
Wendover -every video has to be related to logistics and flying things Half as interesting-imma end youre whole career
Sam, if you're ever coming back to Australia and you're into food distribution and logistics, you need to see Paddy's Flemington Markets on a Saturday morning. Largest food market and distribution centre in the Southern Hemisphere, amazing sight to behold.
Okay I REALLY like the shade of orange you used in that thumbnail! Keep it up :)
Was just In Glenwood that crazy 😲😲
I see "logistics" and "wendover productions" and I watch.
nutt butter
1:02 Avocados from Mexico 🥑
Now I need a logistics episode on lumber
Logistic,logistic, logistic everywhere
I’m not first, I’m not last, but when I see a new Wendover video, I click fast.  edit: How did i get this many likes?
Early squad op
Never would have thought that I would appreciate supermarkets as much as I do now
First time in past 10 years I am able to comment within 5 mins of video release :-)
I'm always so happy for the logistics videos. Always so much going on behind the scenes!
Wendower rules
Oh, this is going to be... interesting.
bruh
Logistics videos be hittin different fr
The Insane Logistics of Wendover Prod.
Notification squad!
Yaay! A new one!
You could talk about literally anything and I'd ask for seconds
Fuck that pink ladys are the best.
There is an interesting book called the People Republic of Walmart which makes for good reading!
no views, 8 likes, and 2 comments. weird  Edit: their were actually 5 comments, but it said 2
Early gang
This is such an interesting topic that we just never even give a second thought
Not first
Warararababablargh
Ah yes, a better explanation of manipulation.
Fourth
This videos should be shown in class
Last time i was thia early my mom left me at the grocery store
Early crew unite!
Not first!
Momo best garl boy
Are there aircrafts in this? 🥺
Once I see “the logistics” I come running 🏃‍♂️
Most familiar voice ever.
Hello there
bazoinga
First
NICEEEE
First
First
Is
Third
Well i mean there like 10000 time bigger because of fridges😂. (and our unstoppable craving and appetite)
First
