NOTIFICATION SQUAD: It's good to be back! Hello there. I won't lie this video was a huge undertaking to produce as there's so many points I wanted to cover, but I hope for those of you guys considering visiting Japan, this episode gives you the nudge you need. Above all, consider my debt to Natsuki REPAID after the island camping debacle.
I just got back from 13 days in Japan in November of 2025 and I spent 900$ for those 13 days for two people. Not including plane ticket and hotels and bullet train. Price includes food, souvenirs, and JR lines. Spent 2 days in Disney, 5 in Tokyo, 2 in Osaka, 2 in Kyoto
wooooooooooowQ I like Japan!! Its really cybercity from future
Wow, i thought that food in Japan would be REALLY expensive everywhere, but Royal + Convenience store was surprisingly cheap. And 4 fried chicken won't cut it. You need at least 10-12.
Have been to Sukiya this year, small bowl but I loved it.
Really appreciate this upload.
Are these prices from 2014? I’m easily paying 3x what you are quoting last month on my trip to Tokyo / Osaka
"bad food" doesn't exist in japan. Overpriced for tourists? sure, but for people who dont' speak japanese sometimes thats their best option, especially considering a lot of hole in the wall places are "japanese only"
i live in western canada and find japan very cheap even flights!
I have issues anywhere I go, manual wheelchair user, food allergies, no ultra-processed or fast food and as often as we plan logistically, some arsehole is going to place their spanner in the works because they made an assumption, instead of listening diligently to our requirements. Airlines and travel companies are the worst, even those professing to cater for the disabled. It's often their one-size-fits-all, narrowmindedness that fooks it up completely. I have travelled to the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Europe. The best place ever being Berlin. Whilst going on a budget may appeal to the able-bodied it doesn't apply to me. My medical travel insurance costs more than the total cost of any holiday and I know a lot of travel advisers forget this vital detail. I am better off planning it myself except I cannot use most websites or a telephone because I am visually impaired. It's basically email correspondence only and many cannot or will not give the correct answers or information. I was booked onto being a translator at the Tokyo Paralympics but Covid put paid to that being unable to travel and I am still battling the insurance companies for refunds.  Each letter they send via the post is invisible.
I have a friend who went to japan for 2 weeks 1 500 000yen. I went for 3 weeks and spent 500 000yen. We got the same job, same salary.
We booked h most adorable 4 bed hostel room with a small breakfast and tea orividdd each morning in asakusa, $30 per night!
I'm gonna be so foreal I just wanna go for the convenience store food
Foreigners who don't follow the rules of Japan shouldn't come. Japanese people are angry. Please tell them to follow the rules.😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Chris what would you recommend for a good remote stay in the country for a several days while staying in Japan.  Looking for a relaxing rejuvenating traditional experience.
Not sure if We made something wrong, but when my Wife and I visited Japan, the real cheap meals used Pork. And unfortunate, I stopped eating pork for health reasons :(
Check out our travel guide on Japan 🇯🇵 😊 👈 Cheerio Travel
Watching this helped relieve my bleak outlook on the world and it's current state. Like there's actaully a place worth visiting with positive vibes where good experiences happen.
japan
Natsuki it's a natural genius of carisma 😂
Just bought 2 tickets round trip for an 80 day trip for 1500 total
This was so entertaining!
I'll be headed to Japan this December (2025) and my total is a little bit higher than that, but it's also a study abroad trip through my US University and partnered with IES Abroad, so we will have translators and guides etc.  Total cost for the guided portion of the trip (accommodations, about half the meals, special tours and events etc) is around $5000 USD. Round trip flight from the west coast of the US is $1200 USD. Honestly, that's the most expensive part of the trip. Almost 25% of the total cost. The favorable exchange rate will be very nice during the free times with admissions to a lot of museums being only 4-6$ USD.
NO GAIJIN. 日本が好きです、とかごちゃごちゃうるせえ。外人は日本文化は絶対に理解できない。 幼少期から日本の教育を受けていないから。ラジオ体操知ってるか？ I'm very sorry    Foreigners have betrayed us too much.  外人は私たちを裏切りすぎた ALL JAPANESE can not trust foreigner.　 DONT COME TO OUR JAPAN!!!!!
Anyone know what the teppanyaki place is called? We are going in early december and looking to lovely budget options, also for the eel and tuna... We are tight on budget and stay in Ikebukuro.  Any tips are welcome ❤
As a minimalist who plans to travel very light, I'm rather looking forward to the capsule hotel experience for maybe as much as half of my trip. And honestly, they look even better than I had thought. No idea why anyone would hate that
I am going with my wife on a honeymoon to Tokyo.  Would you recommend any Ryokan out of Tokyo so we may spend a few days there?  That would be in December-January though.  Thank you!
A night bus sounds like a horrible time.  :|
@18:47 holy crap! $10 would've gotten you those Pringles and that coffee here in the U.S. 😅
Lot of people don't even think to do any research on the places they want to visit.  They just think "Trip=Expensive" And end up never traveling their entire life.  It all starts with a simple Google search.  There's cheap times of year to visit everywhere.  Read reviews and what has worked from people traveling and how they traveled.  Methods they used to book everything.   To me 45 minutes to plan an 11 day trip to Japan with an $876 round trip flight to Tokyo and a little over $600 for an air bnb.
24:41 Bars.
94c dollar can buy 1.2kg of banana in the super market of Johannesburg, South Africa! that's a ripoff!!
Number 1 thing!! DO NOT BUY IMPORTED CLOTHING!! A plain Nike shirt is like close to 40 dollars!! Uniqlo is SOOOO CHEAP
Plane tickets rip 😭
Bruh, I live in Romania and the price of going out to eat is insanely high. For example a 5 crispy pieces menu from Kfc medium fries costs about 44 Lei which means about 10 dollars. And the sizes are small, cut down, there is barely anything on the plate. I dont know where you got that info but the source is not legit or not updated in 7 years
Question! nobody seems to ask and I don't think it was mentioned in the video... The costs were broken down per person or for 2? Because you were travelling together, so it's somewhat confusing.
I couldn't believe it but most of the time I'll be flying since it's cheaper
I went to Japan last year April. I did end up using the 2 week JR travel card for 500 Euro. after a week of Tokyo we used it to travel from Tokyo->Sapporo (Then some car travel to Asahikawa and some villages)->Hakodate->Osaka->Kagoshima->Nagasaki->Hiroshima->Himeji->Kyoto->Tokyo. It was well worth it, but honestly the difference in price was less than we would have thought. I'd say the longer you get the JR pass the more worth it is, the additional weekly price dropps off steeply.   This summer its Korea, but due to how extremely affordable it all has turned out to be, will likely go back to Japan in the winterperiod. It is so worth it. Just don't be a dick and go only to the most crowded places, don't behave like a dick, learn or at least keep at the ready like 80 sentences of basic "Kantan nihingo" Japanese so you don't have to bother everyone in English and make them uncomfortable and everythin is all good, set for an awesome time. Like literally, taking the effort to speak even broken Japanese is appreciated so much, it completely changes your time there. especially when you bother to do so in Kyoto, the tired out workers serving asshole Tiktok tourists all day will give you nods of approval and big smiles, gladly explaining whenever you halt and get stuck on "ehhh" and "etooooo" when you forget what all the delicious food is called in Japanese.
Taking my wife to Universal Studios for a week.....$5,450. My God we are overpaying for everything in the US.
I love this video
A little update to regional flights, you can get aroun them for cheaper now, they offer discounts to tourists and sometimes some flights are free for tourists
11:49 Shane Gillis?
（つむぎ）1000ドルで2週間も旅行できるんだ！すごいコスパだね〜 （ずんだもん）つむぎ、でもずんだもち代は別計算なのだ！重要なのだ！
Ok, then totally DON'T Acknowledge the Mario Karts.
Is this for two people or one person?
Why take the train when you could move through the air do
The issue with Islands in the Pacific is to get there is very expensive.
And this video is 1 year  ago 😂 I can’t image how the price are now.
Doubt youll see it but me and the friends have had this dream for since highschool 2015 now its happneing and im just mad it hasnt happned sooner
Trains and busses are the worst just use a taxi, the bullet train is ok if you reserve your seats for longer trips
Unfortunately you can't get the suica/pasmo/etc card on an android phone that wasn't made in Japan. So if you're coming from the US with an android you have to get the physical card
I know this is an old video but I'll be visiting Japan next month and was wondering if you could tell me if it's better to use an eSim card or my phone's international package for the trip. I get different answers from different people. I usually just use my int'l package with AT&T
I booked a two way plane ticket to japan from germany for 1200€ and  nooked 3 hotels , 1 week each (tokyo, osaka, nagasaki) all for approx 450€ each. So i feel like it isnt all that expensive. From what i understamd food and entrances to attractions and sites is fairly cheap as well. I expect to pay for 3 weeks between 3-3,5k€.
34? I thought bloke was in his 40s for sure
Tokyo, Tokyo, Tokyo. It seems like everyone always wants to go to Tokyo in Japan and while it's nice, I highly advise to check out another area like Osaka which is certainly cheaper.
24:28 when does the mixtape drop?!
I have traveled all over the world and the one thing I can tell you, is that it’s not worth it to pinch your pennies to hard. Not saying you have to always stay at 5 star hotel but explain to me how it’s a fun vacation staying in a dump.? $16 a night typically means bedbugs and stains from unknown fluids.   Spend a little extra money and make it a quality vacation worth remembering. Not that you remember it because you got robbed, raped, an infection or came home with bed bugs. It’s not worth it…
産まれてからずっと日本に住んでいます。30歳です。  私たちの生活は最低限ですが、旅行客の方が日本の美味しいご飯、素敵なサービスに触れて、心がワクワクしていることを考えるととても嬉しいです！  日本では、30年間経済成長が停滞し、今では給料の半分が税金や社会保険料として国に回収されています。  海外の方からみると、色々安い国になっていってると日々感じています。  それでも、日本に住んでいることを誇りに思えるのは、観光客の方に喜んでもらえる文化があるからだと信じています！   愛を込めて❤
2025 I think is the cheapest year to fly to Japan I paid 519€ in total for 13 days (flight and Airbnb) second time I flew with etihad airways which is so cool because every seat got a psp/switch like console and you could play with 3 friends in the airplane plus a television with many movies to watch, the house I rented was 3 minutes walking from Yotsugi station and 25 mins from central Tokyo..and 30kg luggage
I went to Japan last April, and one thing I loved was that I paid all my accommodations in advance. Stayed 3 weeks, stayed at 4 places (2 hotels, 1 apartment and 1 AirBNB room), and to just not worry about the cost of the accommodation while in Japan was a godsent. If you can, I strongly suggest paying in advance. In some cases, it even was cheaper since I reserved in advance. I estimate my trip cost me about 5000 CAN (That's 520,000 JPY, about 3,500 USD) for 3 weeks, flights and accommodation included, but I spent about 2,000 CAN in Japan. And I always found something to do even if I didn't pre-plan that much.
Can you please provide a Euro comparison as well next time? Not just Dollars and Pounds 😬
Great vid!
Do a sleeping stream Chris, so we can all experience the sounds of nature lol
great video! i loved how you broke down the costs and made traveling Japan seem more accessible. but honestly, with the rising prices lately, i feel like traveling there on a budget is becoming increasingly unrealistic. what do you all think?
Disney World is in Orlando, Disney Land is in LA. Sorry but I live in Orlando but you are right about the cost of it.
Jejejaje funny !07
Wait…but why is nobody talking but the fire beatboxing? 24:49
For a malaysian like myself, $1000 is a westerner's privilege.
The Japanese service industry simply creates a comfortable space at the expense of long working hours and low wages by employees. It's not that the company is competent.  It is often thought that Japan doesn't have to pay tips, but that doesn't mean that you shouldn't. Even if you get a tip, you just won't get one because it will be taken away by the company.  If you're impressed by a restaurant or hotel, be sure to secretly give us a tip. That should be encouraging.
I swear right as you were talking about Disney land I was literally thinking …either this guy is a HUGE hustler or he actually found a way to make Disney land cheap 😅
@AbroadinJapan Howdy from Finland :-). What time of the year is best to visit. My 15 year old daughter's dream is to go with dad to Japan and i would like to honor that one day. A 10 day visit with your premium budget in this video is reasonable. I assume that is per person..
How can I meet Natsuki when I go to Japan? I need a friend like him!😂
For the price of a two day stay at the dumb star wars hotel you can stay in japan for 3 months
Can someone please tell me where can you get the suica card on your phone
2:30 okie buuutt like, how cheap was it 😅
Is it just me or is Japan's accommodations the same pricing as the US?   150$ a night is gonna get you a king bed, free breky, and if you actually look a heated pool.   Even $60 a night will get you a cleaner place then the one shown.... hmmm also would of loved to know flight averages.
Love your sense of humour dude. Plane ticket ten years ago was around 750 /900. Now it's 1200, and for april more like 1500+
I went around the time this dropped and made 10k last me 3 months plus a week in Korea before I had to go back to work.  I was living like a vagrant half the time. Surprisingly, though, if I had cut back kn shopping, hell, I could have lasted another month.
I've spent 8 grand in Japan for 3 weeks, the best choice of my life, but now I'm broke
I'm solo female traveller with stomach issues so I booked rooms with private bathrooms for the most part. I also bought the 7day JR Pass because I'm planning to town hop alot. So apart from tickets, accomondations and transportations, is 1k euros enough for expenses there for a 2 week trip?
Are these end prices for 1 people only?  So 350,000 yen per people for 2 weeks? THanks
I have been going to Japan pretty frequently over the past year or so and I always stay at that capsule hotel (Rembrandt Cabin) I don't want to spend all my budget on the accommodation so a capsule hotel is perfect for me. Plus I really like how clean that one is. (I've stayed at some others that aren't nearly as nice) 100% would recommend that one if anyone wants a capsule! The floors are separated men from women, so as a solo traveler, I like that too. They have a nice lounge as well where I always go to unwind after my day~
The more I experience Natsuki and how much he has changed in your videos, the more I want to meet him in person :D
Despite that  inconvenience of googleing what dollars is in pounds or km to miles you have one epic channel keep it up
I can't stand it when british youtubers even in the uk use dollars insted of pounds. That don't mean nothing to us
You are English use pounds man
Were the prices shown for the accommodations for per night or for the 2 weeks?
It’s possible to travel to Japan with a low amount of money, but the things I want to do there cost a lot of money lmfao
Hello. Love watching your videos 😂.  I don't understand hate comments. Keep up the good work.   I do have a request please 🙏 if you can make a new video about travel expenses to Japan and how hot it is end of June.   Hoping to visit after schools. Summer vacation from US.  Thank you. 🙏🙏🙏
I think every video intro should start with some mario kart cosplayers in the background
"Amazing video!{10:52} I love how you explored the local culture in such detail.
Im currently in japan and if you think that it's expensive, you are delusional. It is dirt cheap.
Was not expecting to find out that chris can beatbox suprisingly well
such good traveling tips!
It looks like my budget of 400 USD for three nights in Japan - including food-(prior to a cruise) is doable. I was looking at capsule hotels or like the nine hour thingies, but maybe hostels would be a better choice. I’ll have a medium size duffel and a small backpack.
Capsule hotels, I preferred MyStays compared to 9 hours... the capsule was too crammed for my liking
Geez you made me feel ballin @ 150,000 yen for 15 day honeymoon. 225,000 yen with flight
Wow 2,300+1500 flight to have a nice trip is nothing!
Since 2023 I have been to Japan 4 times. When planning my 5th trip for April this year I have noticed a noticeable increase in the price of hotels, apartments or houses to rent. Even the same flat for which I paid 5000us for a week in 2023, today costs about 10,000us for the same days. Likewise with the "business hotels". The price is practically double. The good thing is that food and beer cost the same as always.
A possible cheap boat trip: there are water ferrys that operate around Japan. For example a short trip goes to that Diver City are in the reclaimed part of Tokyo bay. Can't offer more details as I have not done it (its faster on trains). Ok maybe not a glam cruise lol.
Visited Disney Hong Kong on a weekday last fall, and it was seriously uncrowded.
Public Bath, Sento. Hmmm worth looking into. I've stayed in Ryokan near Hakone, but I had a local to manage. A Ryokan normally would not want a gaijin. But maybe a Sento in Tokyo could handle foreigners if we say "sumimasen" and "arrigato" a lot....Would like to see a private (adult) bath....maybe a special report on that, Mr @AbroadinJapan ?
My tricks: Get a business hotel that is on the route to Shinjuku station. I book romance car seats for a 1 hr ride into Tokyo, can sit all the way. On the way back, I book Romance car again using the link in Google Maps. Breakfast from the convenience store, lunch at McDonalds. Good dinner in the small town near my hotel (Machida for example). Maybe buy beer at the supermarket and keep in the hotel fridge. Oriental Baazar (Harajuku) nice for souveneers. Yodobashi Camera good for toys/electronics. Craft brew pubs getting popular and I enjoy those, and meet other travelers.
Wow. I've actually been thinking about traveling and this has me rethinking about how expensive it would be to do so. I was beginning to feel like I'd never be able to travel on a budget, lol.
Man, the American food is so much cheaper there than what I pay at Walmart these days.
Nolo said this video is not useful .......
If you're fan of arcades, spending around $10 on tokens for coin pushers (there are some more worthwhile than others) would keep you occupied for at least 4 hours. Assuming you find them fun, it's crazy value for money
I think regional JR pass is worth the value. Just have multiple Japan trips, visit different regions each trip. 😅
8:40 go to Dubai habibi 😂 you can live in a building that reaches the clouds 😂
Strong zero must be their version of four loko lol. Great video btw
I went to Japan for 2 weeks last year, did not hold back and ended up spending close to 6 grand, this includes flights, hotels, transportation, everything. If you're going to Japan I would say expect to need atleast 5 grand if you want to actually have a good time
Yeah i am traveling in October for 3 weeks and the average night for 4-star hotel will be 250$ per night.
Thx forcoming to Japan❤❤❤
We will be going with our 5yo son this May. While accomodation costs will go up, transportation costs will drop, because I am not sitting 4 hours on the train with him several times 😂  Tokyo and Hakone it is then 😅
Youre a decent amateur beatboxer, show us some more!
I am so used to NordVPN ads that i only really understood "express vpn" when i saw the logo isn't blue
The MaigicJingu beatbox was lit
How does the Tourist Suica Card which also has a chip but lasts 30 days, help with the "chip" shortage?
Very informative. Thank you
3:50 LMFAOO
I’m English and can’t speak Japanese, can you recommend and a local tour guide for two people single parent with a teenager?
Everyone keeps talking about the weak yen and how it makes Japan so much more affordable. I have to disagree strongly. a trip that I could make to Japan in 2016 with airfare and Airbnb for one month was around $3000 has now become easily $6000 because Airbnb‘s and hotels have raised their prices so dramatically that it’s no longer economical to come to Japan at all. Food has gone up in the restaurant category and also in grocery stores, but the most dramatic rise is hotels and Airbnb‘s. So the weak yen if prices had stayed the same as they were just a short two or three years ago, would truly make it very cheap to come there. But they have done away with any significant benefit of the week yen to foreigners by raising the price of housing so drastically.
Can we please have the "Meiji jinnggu,  Meiji jinggu, Nobunaga Oda Oda Oda" track please?
17:42 "I want some more!"
Quick tip on the Coke bottles: if you crack one open and drink 1/3 of it, you can fit an entire 250 yen bottle of Suntori Black Whiskey in the bottle. This is an excellent way to have a whiskey and Coke on a train without giving away the fact that you're drinking alcohol.  I.... heard this from...a friend.
In 2013, I lived in Japan, in Hirakata City, for 4 months. I entered Japan with $7000, and I left with $3000. I went where I, ate and drank what I wanted, and lived like a king for 4 months, and it only cost me $4000.
By far and away the most helpful video on the topic of prices in Japan for travel. Thank you
Do you have recommendations for your companies, I want to travel with my elderly parents, one who is wheelchair bound and my infant.
Brother, that musta been some hangover on you before you got that Fish n' Chips and Irn Bru in yah. That shuffle and pallor on the walk there looked rough.😂 Thank you for sharing your passion and curiosity with us all!
Tell Natsuki that he's got to sleep in a cabin at an internet cafe - let's see if he likes that more than the capsule hotel... I mean, there's not much smaller than a dog house he can assimilate it to...
Natsuki: "Not shit"  As a german, this has to be one of the best compliment you can give someone else
For people looking for cheap hotels, AB is phenomenal. There aren't as many as something like APA, but the rooms are wider and they have free onsen and breakfast. I think i spent roughtly $60-70 per night, and it's TOTALLY worth it. The staff was friendly and could at least partially speak English. And if you're ever in doubt, Google Translate is your best friend.
Japan is stupidly cheap. I don't mind the myth of it being expensive though because it keeps out a lot of tourists who won't abide by the rules and keep it a special place
first
Natsuki is awesome
Anyone else feel like maybe mcdonals in japan is healthier and that's why it's cheaper? 😂😂😂😮😮😢😢
yeah but the flight costs a life time
Can you share the restaurant that you ate the teppanyaki grill in this video?
Hey Chris, Love your videos man, I am finally planning my trip to Japan :D Can you please give me more details on how you booked the private flight ride over Sakurajima Volcano? Its something I want to definitely add to my itinerary!!
Uk to Japan prices are insane compared to when I went years ago
There’s no way I’m going all the way to Japan to eat burgers 😐
My mother knows nothing of japan and one day i hope i can save up and visit for 2 weeks and prank her and tell her the yen conversion is dollar for dollar and act like we're just hemorrhaging money 😂
Bro can beatbox too? Man of many talents I tell you. 24:34
WAIT IT COSTS MONEY NOW??? 22:37
Going to Fujirock at 6am and then back at 6am  the next day with  no sleep, that’s what 😀 16:27
You said it because back in the early 2000s Japan was so expensive that only really rich people could go but now it's like almost anyone can go. Almost everyone I know from where I live has been or are going to Japan
So what I'm taking from this is that since I live far away, if I don't want my flights to cost more than my trip I gotta go for 15-18 days? Shoot, don't have to twist my arm on that front! Thanks for this very helpful video Chris. I tend to love my privacy so I'd probably do most of the stuff on the cheap except get a "normal" hotel room. Looking much more affordable than imagined, cheers!
Does anyone know where to find these cheap hostel deals? I’ve been checking HostelWorld because that’s what used in Europe, and the cheapest option in Tokyo is like $30…
For the 14 day trip price was that for one person or two since you traveled with a female partner?
20:30 Food like that in Canada is usually around 40$-60$.  12$ for a meal is insane, really cant wait to visit Tokyo, Kyoto or Shibuya 2025 is the year (Hopefully)   Happy New Years too :)
I would really appreciate us $ amounts and feet per square.
Insane tax write-offs…  Thanks for the great video. It’s fun, yet still very professional in appearance.
This is perfect i plan on going for 7 days so this helps a lot knowing i can spend 14 days worth of money in 7 days and have an amazing trip !
24:39 hahahah
The Oda Nobunaga rap needs to be a thing
When people travel to a desired land. Greedy air B&B buyers make life hell for natives
7:39 why is there bars and punching bag in a love hotel??😮😮😮
I'm offended you didn't include breakfast sushi from MyBasket! (ie crab, tamagoyaki...) And Tokyo Skytree is free if you don't ride the elevator all the way to the top! It's just a giant mall, where you can still get pretty high up and look down on everything. Plus, everyone in Oshiage is so nice!
Natsuki is a friggen riot!
onto ep seven of Binge across YouTube and catch up on what i missed in 11 months.  I do have to say that the Rail pass isnt bad and not even overdoing it. If you do a trip to Osaka and then from Osaka do a day trip to Hiroshima and Nagoya and then head back to Tokyo its rather affordable.
19:27 well said bro, well said  😅
Are those end prices per person?  😊
Arc de Solil??? NICE MAN
I'd love to go to Japan some day. My dream is to find a Japanese guy in the UK who likes me enough to teach me Japanese and also marry me, and then move back to Japan and take me with him. 😍
Haha Meiji Jingu, Meiji Jingu!! Loved it.
Thank you so much for this one as this would help me plan out the trip especially the budget. BUUUUUUUT how about outside the cityscapes of Japan.
My YT algorithm brought me here, I am happy and subbed
What's the name of the restaurant at 20:44 ? any help ?
That same bottle of coke where I live in the US is currently $2.49 (389¥)
ive always wanted to go to japan but im nervous about not having a translator and or guide. if i had that , id book right now hahah
got a plane ticket for next month, it was 450 round trip 1 person, carry on, and check in included. applied for a credit card and i got 300 credit so my ticket was basically 150 bucks. that was just the bonus, the best part is now i have enough flight points for another trip to japan for free as i was always going to pay for stuff i needed. i recommend credit cards for responsible people who love traveling if you use it to pay for stuff you were going to pay cash for anyways.
I like to take lots of cheap accomodation then a decent hotel now and then to clean up and reset.
Natsuki is such a character 😂
Wile the Japanese Yen is crashing right now meaning you will get more Yen for your dollar/pound/Kuwaiti Dinar, inflation in Japan means that 153 Yen will not get you what 100 Yen used to get you when it was $1 to 100 Yen. Osaka, normally a cheaper destination, 5 years ago was on average 5000 Yen per night is actually now 10,000 yen so the 50% increase in how many yen you get is is actually offset by the 100% increase in price.
Super detailed and very helpful foe the different type of budgets. Will definitely be experiencing a ryokan!
I just came back from a 1.5 month trip across japan and it was way cheaper than expected, especially food was way way cheaper than Europe, and accommodation was amazing, we liked it so much we decided to buy and Akiya and move there !
1 dollar onigiri?! and I bet it tastes amazing too.. here in Europe they will easily ask 6-7 dollars for one because it is more of a rarity
The best fun, at most $3,500  The extra 500 is just extra expenses, incase of any circumstances
Thinking about doing this for my birthday this year I'm finally financially stable to do it but I'm debating on whether on doing it or not what's your advice for a first time virgin
I was delighted with Japan's affordable food with superb quality. My god, I ate so much delicious quality food in my holiday.😊 Biggest expense is getting there but traveling and doing a lot of cool stuff can be affordable.
It's best not to visit an adult neighborhood or your budget will increase many times over😅😅
i´d love to see a video about japan, but instead of helping individuals, helping families..  who also wanna travel, but with kids its even more expensive... i never see videos helping families.
Hotels in Osaka, Japan, are not cheap, and you get shoo away from the place if you're not Japanese
You can get round trip tickets from SF to Tokyo for only $650 on Zipair.  Very cheap to get there now from the US.
I own 2 laundromats in low income areas. I work about 25 hours a week and gross about 240K a year. whilst working with an advisor like Julianne Iwersen Niemann. I used to work in Sears repairs,, so I saved money by fixing my own machines. Believe it or not, the soap detergent vending machines bring in a good amount as well. Trust me starting and maintaining a profitable business starts with properly managing your finance ||
Big Mac now is 7.29 here in Arizona 😑
Is Aus a Big Mac is 9.80$ Aus is a rip off.
Natsuki can always seem to find suitable words for any occasion, not the right words, or often broadcast safe most thed time, but suitable.
Can you get woman and party favors easily over there?
So bad. You have no sense of money worth 😂
out of reach for many, japan is quite literally one of the most cheapest developed nations, excluding the flight tickets its insanely cheap, food accommodation, whole shebang
could someone tell me that the price that he mentioned was for 1 person or for 2 people?
Photo with the tape OH! MAN
Surprised by this but then when I last went the Yen was a lot stronger so must admit I’m a bit shocked.
I’m currently planning our honeymoon in Japan next year. Your video is helpful especially it has prices in pounds. Thank you xx
you had me at introverted capsule hotel experience
going in march
Just got back. I saved so much money on food compared to the US that I basically paid for all the souvenirs I bought for eleven people.
Oh great video, very interesting information. I'm also trying to build a channel with travel content, hope one day it can grow to a fraction of your channel LMAO 🤣🤣🤣
8 months later, you can still get cheap rooms. Going to Tokyo next month for ten days, and booked a room near Minami-Senju Station total for $450. $45 a night.
i spend 3 weeks in japan, here is what i spend;  8000 yen per night for accomodation,  4000yen per day for food. besides the railpass i spend another 18000yen for transport wich makes 860yen per day. 16000yen for stuff to do. you need to add the flight wich cost me personally 213000yen. so you can calculate per week about 164000yen without the flight.
I get business room for 120 pounds and others went up to 250 pounds or more
The Big Mac in Australia Victoria is $7.70 for us 😭
What are the rules about dogs?
Watching this video and others on your channel is going to make these next 12 days till i fly over to Japan seem so long haha, thank you for your awesome content!!!
dude are you hiding your hidden beatboxing skillz?!
Didnt know everything is cheap over there even the luxury class is much cheaper then our eco class
Lol, gave away the joke with the Paris Disney castle 😂
the best value is the love hotel no joke , place is good , cheap and tons of "things" to do
Thank you for this! I learned a lot! My first trip is in April 2025!
4:40 you should update the prices cuz they are very wrong !  25,000 yen is 166 dollars and 153 euros
Seeing as you like Sake , next time you are in Kobe make sure you go to Classic Stand Bar under the tracks in Sannomiya , definitely somewhere you will enjoy .
You gotta be older than 33
16:33 niiiice 👌🏽
Should note the food displayed in this video is the bare minimum. The budget is unrealistic unless you eat to live and not live to eat.
You say the JRpass isn't exactly worth it for the 7 days, how about if you get the 14day pass for a just over 14 day visit.
2 Famichiki and a beer...food of the gods
3:54 take your protein pills and put your helmet on
Was there with a friend in late August, early September of 2024. Stayed in two different airbnb, both very clean, very well kept in the area of Asakusa, 10 mins away from the skytree. Good space, very friendly owners, one even left japanese beer and sweets for us as a welcoming gift. We were paying about 100 CAD (10,000 yen) per day for both (so we were paying 50 CAD each). Food was insanely cheap and good almost everywhere we went, hard to find a bad restaurant when you can see the reviews in google maps. Transportation wasn't expensive, it was ok. It just takes a bit to understand how to buy the tickets. Buying gifts was not expensive either, good quality souvenirs if you look around in the many markets you can find. Attractions we visited were mostly shrines, castles and one or two experiences such as the sumo exhibition.
this video was fantastic .. thank you
ONE DAY, i want me and my son (who's 16 now) to take a trip to Japan. That is NUMBER 1 on my bucket list, i want me and my son to go and experience Japan for the first time together.
The prices from the family mart surprised me the MOST. Because just TRY to go into a convince store in America and by ANYTHING for less than a dollar....YOU CANT DO IT. Hell, anything for under $2 is near impossible anymore.
Over about 13 days I spent $2k in Tokyo (not including flight and hotel) 😂😂 had tons of fun though
You should be more careful what you're saying about cashgrabs and restaurant without knowing if it's true, "Sushi/Wagyu Samurai" is rated 4.6 and people saying it's actually quite good. Ridicule by influencers with your reach could be a death sentence to any restaurant.
$2300 is incredibly affordable to travel with some style. Going next May after my 3 week trip in the Phillipines
T
Sticky back plastic
Or you can go up to the top of the Asahi Brewery to their observation deck, and for the price of one beer, you can get a great view of the city!!  Thanks for this video!!
Got a round trip +insurance $980 then $624 for 2 weeks worth
*random mid-video rap & beatboxing break*
Does someone know the glasses Natsuki is wearing at 9:25???
I guys are hilarious together, "ground control to major tom" brilliant!
16:30 Grand Class is still half the price of german train tickets and in germany you dont even get to see the train
just came back from a 2.5 week trip, spent close to 5k LMAO
Does anyone know the name of the restaurant they ate the teppanyaki wagyu at?
Settled intro music
I still find it hilarious that Chris always uses USD to explain everything.
Even if you dont go to JP now, Its still a good time to buy yen and put them aside, for when you do.
Can you please suggest a top to toe tour of Japan 🇯🇵 via mostly Shinkansen?
I wouldn’t call a Japanese Big Mac “Big”
Thought id finally organise my first trip in May after seeing this....  Somehow ended up being a £4.5k trip while also leaving an unshakeable urge to go back  Now heading back for a similar priced trip in November   Pretty sure you're solely responsible for my poor financial holiday making decisions this year  Hopefully see you in Lost end of November!
I can't believe how cheap food in Japan is.
AI escorts prefer capsules because it reminds them of the box they were born in.
Excellent.
I'm surprised the 14 day video was only ~2300. I'm looking into traveling to Japan and a price breakdown on how that itinerary with town houses and 10 different locations sums up to that. Is it the total divided across the 3-4 people traveling? Even then it's impressive feat to fit it all in that price. If anyone has done an in depth breakdown of price on this trip please share!
@abroadinjapan Hello sir, what's the name of this capsule hotel? was it near by any major metro station?
Going to Japan in 2 and half weeks 😍😍
Coffee and tuna is criminal 18:14
Im going in November! I hope to meet someone there with whom I can have a lot of conversation about japan from a local person there and i can tell this person more about my country, germany. Drink some together or just go to the skatepark an chill. Would be so cool! Im So hyped :D
I want a free ticket to narnia
Whoever invented onigiri, especially the ready to eat ones, hats off to you. I've saved so much money on meals thanks to mini market onigiris
2 weeks on 1000 dollars.  Buys plane ticket, already -1000 rofl Problem with Japan for most people is not the expenses in Japan, its the price of the plane ticket to get there.  Easily $1600USD with the prices today.  Once you get past the plane ticket, Japan is incredible value.
What would be the best place to look for / book Machiyas? Like website wise
cant even purchase a one way for $1000
brilliant and helpful, planning trip for april 2025
I feel attacked I’m a horrific lover of Denny’s in Japan   I must have gone like 4 times while I’ve been here I think the staff are sick of seeing me
Forgot to notate there is no tip culture for Japan. So that is a savings as well.
What was the luxury skyscraper hotel called
Damm it Chris, having the prices in yen, USD and pounds is like giving our Euro a slap in the face with a dead fish!
does he know Japanese or no ?
Chris doing beat-boxing 24:39! 🙂
Bucket List item for me for sure. Though if I ever made it to Japan... I dont think I could leave.. They would have to drag me out kicking and screaming like a spoiled child.
but the plane is 1000$ pp :(
I have watched a few of your video in the last few days, and today I bought plane tickets (my wife and I) to Haneda I have mapped out 5 cities to visit based on your recommendation...Tokyo>Kanazawa>Kyoto>Nara>Hakone>Tokyo. Then I came across this video after I purchased my plane tickets, and discovered the JR Rail pass is so expensive for 21 days at 100,000 yen per person. Ouch! So I check out Regional pass as per your suggestion, better prices but it doesn't have trains from Kyoto or Nara to Hakone. I also checked flying from Kyoto or Osaka to Hakone, and no such flights. I was wondering if you have any other recommendation to get from Kyoto to Hakone, much appreciated. Cheers!
going to Japan next year, thank you for the tips i’ve been trying to cram my brain full of information since this will be my first time traveling out of the united states
Chris completely missed the ferry system that serves every Island of Japan! Affordable clean and very relaxing!
We're going to japan in September. We booked an apartment with airbnb and it's super affordable ($1000.00 CAD for 9 days). It has a kitchen and 5 beds (2 of those beds are futon in a tatami, but the other 3 are western style beds)
No, you didnt get every aspekt. Koffee. Do they sell that in there. And I don’t mean that ameerikan s¥¥t
yeah but the flights are another 2000$ then why the bother?
Careful with those people from china acting nice in your town. Fake people
24:45    Great freestyle
i did it on 2023, by budget is <$1000, but im from the philippines so the ticket is cheap. 2 weeks trip started at fukuoka and ended in tokyo! here's how i did it - i only booked hotel on kyoto, but most of the times i stayed on bunk beds / mixed dorms - i booked night buses, and slept there while traveling from fukuoka -> hiroshima -> osaka -> kyoto -> tokyo. it's called willer bus - solo trip - no taxis, no jr pass. i only used bus and metro using my IC card (icoca card) - no disneyland :'( - i didn't cheap out of food, i ate what i want. i even went to kichi kichi omurice!
thanks for this video ! actually planning a trip to japan with my friends and this was a very helpful starting point !
Amazing video man. Super valuable information here and definitely makes a trip feel less intimidating price wise. Now all I need to do is find some friends that would actually come with me and leave the states 🤣😒
Me seeing japan videos on how to save money while my budget is "20,000 dollars"
Plane ticket here in brazil - tokyo ( 4gran USD LOL )
It's interesting that if I ever cash in frequent flyer miles for a business class ticket to Japan for a week or two, I can upgrade most of the things I do such as train travel without breaking the bank compared to the base options. It would be different if time wasn't a factor and I could spend a month, but if time is the limiting factor it seems reasonable to live large for at least part of the time. Cheap place in Tokyo, fancy trains out to a ryokan, far-flung cities, etc? Some 7/11 lunches then some teppanyaki?
I havent really fiigured out if the prices are a per person listing or like a 2 people estimation. I want to visit japan with my wife some day. Also around a 2 or 3 week travel with a mix of both urban and rural. What would be a realistic price for that based on todays euro/yen exchange rate?
THANK YOU FOR UNDERSTANDING THAT I AM A GRUMPY MID-30'S MAN THAT IS UNINTERESTED IN DISNEY LAND
I was there last November and had the JR pass - I still saved a ton of money - Tokyo to Osaka,  Kyoto, Hamamatsu all at different times and days,  and endless trips on the JR lines in Tokyo on a daily basis over the span of 2 weeks made it absolutely worthwhile (and super easy) to jump through stations without wasting time getting tickets beyond the reserved Shinkansen trips  (6).  In the end,  it really comes down to the trips you're doing and the frequency you're be using it.
You suck
267.000 yen berarti kalau ke rupiah 28.000.000 wew lumayan juga budget nya padahal mau ke Tokyo Akihabara aja kayaknya, paling kyoto kali
I'd love to see a version where it's just for two people doing famous sites from tokyo and kyoto and in between. I always wonder how on earth you deal with luggage if you have to keep swapping hotels all the time!
Do you have a guide for 14 days in Tokyo?
What is the name of the hotel you stayed at?
who is this handsome guy at 16:14 . he looks familiar
The beatbox moment was so funny.
You're the same age as me?
one thing im most exited for going to japan, is their food, and how god damn cheap it is... even the expensive shit is cheap. The Inflation in norway past 4 years have been crazy, and its not stopping, and its fastly growing to higher peak as i write this... Sadly there is no laws or order in our contry, so the elites in the food business can just push prices as they see fit. And politicians are corrupt and wont ever do anything about it.
@21:34 That's Disneyland Paris. Wouldn't want anyone to be upset because Paris has the superior castle out of all the parks and you won't find it in Japan.
Also skiing price half of USA cost.
Why do Americans always count the airfare in the price? It’s base on how much you spend while in Japan just confusing when they add airfare it’s different for different people airlines ect
To me is Japan is real cheap, compared my own country hahaha
Oof. That strong zero is good, they got the tall cans too. 1-1/2 cans and I’m tripping and falling over everything. 😂🎉
Are the budgets at the end of the video per person ?
Bro $20 to go up the skytree is great. I went to seattle spring of this year and the space needle was like $75.
Thank god for ZIP AIR
the ground control to major tom killed me
インバウン丼で草
Where tf did this guy get the idea that a big mac is $5 in America. That shit is like $9 just the sandwich, meal like $13
$2,000 is not that bad, if you playing the plane ticket a year in advance you can get cheap flights for 1200. so altogether you would be spending $3,000 give or take.
I lived in Japan, and overall, I think the hotel prices are not expensive. I don't think it is expensive compared to other countries to maintain that level of quality for that level of price. Your video is so nice. Watching your video makes me want to travel to Japan again.👍
These videos are a breath of fresh air. Keep up the fantastic work!
One note is that if you want to take the Shinkansen from Tokyo to Sendai you will need not only a Shinkansen ticket but also a local ticket.
Flights used to be way cheaper like half what they are now
how giving the prices in pounds as well as dollar?
My family and I are going to Tokyo in February 2025. I'm trying to study about Japan as much as I can. Thank you for the videos!
Thank you for this much information
Note the Suica app will not run on all non Japanese phones, mainly only newer Iphones.  Also the 28 day welcome Suica card doesn't let you cash out when you leave so don't overload it.
Absolutely crazy how cheap everything is compared to here in Canada
Its so strange seeing how old the both of you are.
Right now its the perfect time to travel to Japan. The Yen is weak and the Dollar is strong.
Wait until Chris finds out the price of a big mac in switzerland 💀💀
Travel to Japan for 10 days  1 adult 1 teen. Only 1 has esim compatibility.  What options would be best?
For 5 ppl, a good night spent at izakaya would cost arounf 10000 to 20000 yen. Izakaya should be the best economic option if drinks are also considered
Did you notice the "quick maths" relation of Yen to US Dollars? It's two-thirds (2/3 : : pennies/yen). 1. Drop the last 2 zeros off the Yen; eg 10,000 becomes 100.  (You can think of these h-Yen as Japanese dollars.) 2. Two-thirds of 100 ?  66 US Dollars.  Quiz: 100-thousand Yen? Answer = $666
I'm not sure if you've gone over the topic of 'Solo Traveler' visiting Japan from abroad, but personally that is my biggest challenge if I ever get the chance to go on holiday there. Female American with no Japanese skills (besides the extreme basics) likely will never go unless it's with a friend or partner, which is 99% unlikely for the foreseeable future. It'd be interesting to hear from solo travelers if you came across them. Another awesome video <3
Why go…?  They HATE foreigners….! You are not welcomed
I wonder how much the sports, such as baseball, cost in Japan.
Plane ticket is 1450-1999
Okay, I have no clue if anyone will have a comment on this. But I'm planning to try to do a thru-hike through Japan in about three years, any comments on seasons and whatnot?
Why would you go to Japan and eat Mc Donalds?
Quick question, if the hotel set for two people but we secretly brought one more person to stay for cheap price of course, does it allowed ? Or we gonna get kick out by the staff ?
観光地や繁華街で歩いているアジア人は中国の人が多いですね。最近中国人による掏りが横行しているので、貴重品には気を付けて。彼らが狙う相手は殆どアジア系の観光客でしょうが
Do the bathhouses still restrict those with tattoos? lots of folks from the US have them, and it's one of the sticking points for tourism that always has a negative reputation.
Who’s your favorite actor in this?
In my country 1000 dollars will last you a month or so🤣
The content is very good
Cheap af to be honest
Waiting for  a Disney Air
Sadly i don't think i would want to coming back, Japan is beautiful country dont get me wrong but from my experience not very friendly toward people who doesn't speak their language more so if you're white. South Korea on the other hand the apposite, they're really nice and happy to have conversations with you even with just basic English, once even got free food from nice food stalls lady just by talking English with her.
🎶🤘😋 When I get there, I'm coming for the music!  How much are concerts?
Dude what was the JPY rate when this video was shot? Would be more helpful if you added that
Thanks the video was interesting! So aside from the $1,000+ plane ticket you can spend 2 weeks on $1,000 but only if you stay in a capsule hotel or hostel inn? Edit: Ah yup that is the case indeed heh.
I think I could stretch that thousand dollars for a whole month. 😊
Can someone please tell me the name of the penthouse in Tokyo at 7:53 thanks
The way he got up from the bed with pure excitement XD
0:39 it's more than half, so it's not almost. it's nearly half the price.
Life on mars😂😂😂
I already have a place to stay there, but not in the middle of Tokyo, about 45 minutes outside the city and 20 minutes from Disney Land
I went to Japan in 2007 when 1 GBP = 245 JPY, I was surprised why people used to say Japan is an expensive country as it was cheaper than UK I guess it cheap again with low inflation and 1 GBP getting over 200 JPY
so i am planning to go only for a week after looking at your guide i think 800-1000 usd would be just fine
Ah.....memories of Royal Host...  22:02 - You are not alone with "one and done"-ing Tokyo Disney.
Best video to date. Thank you
Will make it one day
Does one need to be vaccinated to travel to Japan?
24:40 🎧beatboxing career spotted! Also entertaining and informative video as always, I'm going in October wish me luck!
So excited to be going to asia for 3 weeks next months!
24:40 wait hold up, that was fire
Very hilarious and informative.. You guy’s are fun to watch,Nesky Cracked me up 😂
Natski is very funny
There are strict rules... No cardboard, and no cardboard derivatives...
I am planning to visit Japan from Australia and spending a month from Middle of May to Middle of June. And this has given me a bump in excitement as I will be able to stay fairly/very comfortably on my planned budget. Only to work on my Nihongo between now and then.
This video and the Yamanote tour were all the inspiration my wife and I needed to pull the trigger for three weeks in Japan this Fall! Thank you for all you do here.
@abroadinjapan What would be nice.. Something I can hardly ever find is a 14 day schedule.  Example: (x2 people) Day 1 of arrival take a taxi and go to this hotel. [Taxi /hotel price]  If you come before 14:00 You can visit [this place] [price for x2 people]  If you arrive after 14:00 and want to rest, then go to [this restaurant] for dinner between 17:00-21:00 or order hotel food. [price] If you feel up to it, then you can visit [this place] traveling by taxi or walk 18:00-23:00  Day2 08:00 train [number] depart to [this place]. Taxi from the hotel to station takes [minutes]. 9:40 Arrival at [this place], then take a taxi to the [this place] (water spa hotel) Explore the surrounding park and go to [this place] for lunch.  14:00 Go back to the hotel and book your 15:30 spa retreat Relax and order hotel food hot pot experience.  Bla bla bla to day 14 of departure back to your country.  This would make "traveling budget" less stressful and ensure a "stress free holiday". Meaning (obvious we budget for extra) we can carefully budget our finances without the stress of "spending money budget".  Total for x2 people estimate Y320,000 (keep all prices in yen)
The “Ground Control to Major Tom” reference made me subscribe!
Its really nice to see grown men actually try to be good to each other at least as much as they torture one another 😂❤ as a mom of ( mostly) grown up boys this warms my cynical ❤
It's not the money it's the fact unless you're retired or rich as an American you're probably not traveling anywhere, not even in your own country. If you even have a week of paid time off you're lucky 2 or 3 weeks off like in Europe is insane, virtually unheard of in the states. Here companies will force you to use your paid time off as a sick day, so you better have not have had an emergency or been sick or had a sick kid the whole year. Also we live in a Country where missing a rent payment has the real life potential to destroy the rest of your life. If you're American you have zero legal options to live anywhere else on the planet ever ever.
Thank you for this video!! I'm saving up for a trip to Japan next April and have been worried about costs. Are there any recommendations about phones for tourists?
I’ve been to Japan and did all these things!   I’m planning another trip next year and very excited to go to the Northern Region!
Monkey bars in a love hotel..?  At this point I'm just gonna chalk it up to japan being japan
Quality content
14 days for $1000 is hefty you may save that up during a year
Flights aside he says😂
does no one proofread your videos? XD
I can’t save too much when traveling with family. They demand some amenities. Plus I’m using Premium Economy for the flight. But traveling around Japan isn’t that expensive with the exchange rate and general low prices in Japan. Rooms that sleep 4 can be expensive. At least $200 a night with 2 double beds. Cheaper in smaller cities.
Wow , kinda wanna leave to Japan and live there lol. Everything so expensive here in the USA !!
8:29 “Hoo fuk!n window” 😂
I remember when a ticket was $3000+
Thank you for a other wonderful video, I am taking notes for my upcoming trip in November and this has been so helpful.
Wow I really didn't expect Tokyo to be a 1/3 of the price of my hometown Dublin.
Is it just me, or is Natsuki trying to model himself on Kim Jong Il?
very expensive
I miss the Tuna Mayonnaise Onigiri ( Rice ball ) SOOO MUCH! Every other day I think about it. Every time I went to the convenience store I got myself one (which was everyday). And guys... from all the different kinds of Onigiri in the store... Tuna Mayo is the King. Must try!
over reacting / over fake accent make me stop watching
So I have a big question about visiting Japan. How conducive would a visit to Japan be some someone with disabilities. I suffer from chronic pain and fatigue, but would love visit sometime. However I worry at the difficulties of that. I would love to see a video about how to navigate those challenges.
It can really be waaayyy cheaper. I cycled for 3 months across Japan and the costs were around $500/month. Including a hot meal every day, 50/50 camping/hostels and cycling around.
18:56 a diet coke bottle in the CO-OP these days in the UK is madness. £1.92!
5:30 I would want to know what hotel is that😭
4:25 the other tourists totally killed the capsule hotel experience in japan for me. it was just  a bunch of americans being extremly loud it was very unpleasent
When I visited Japan in 2004, we stayed at a hotel and a hostel in Tokyo and a guest house in Kyoto. The hostel was by far my favorite place. Despite 12 to a room sharing a single bathroom/shower, everyone was super respectful and the common area was great for meeting other travelers.
For vegetarians, are shyojin ryori restaurants expensive and are they fairly common or hard to find?
I love this channel, so great!  Someday I will go to Japan!
I work for IHG so I can get free rooms for up to 2 weeks
I’m going to Tokyo this summer with my daughter for her graduation present and I gotta say I appreciate all the info! I used to live in Tokyo so I know my way around pretty well but I will definitely be referring back to your video for tips. Domo 👋🏽
I am god - Natsuki
like 3$ for a 4 loco 13.9% tall house malt beer in north Alabama.
Yo I finally get to go to Japan this year! These tips are super helpful, but ngl I prolly will splurge a bit on stuff that I shouldn't...
Can I take Natsuki wif me plz , he looks like fun. Choice vids guys, Wow, I wonder what that costs in the kiwi $, Whats available for over 50's...
Can you recommend an affordable transportation method for intercity trips? Cause Jr pass is so expensive :(
I am curious since you didn't mention wifi. What would you recommend for a 3 week trip for 2 people when it comes to wifi?
When gran class is cheaper than a train ticket for an overpacked train in the uk
Nice video, only thing I don't like is I can't hear shit from what you're saying, either my ears are fucked or.your audio sucks, but I think it's your audio, because I have better success with other videos
I need more Natsuki raps.
I stayed at APA there, the Gate hotel looks much nicer lol
The small coke bottles are £1.60 in the UK at the moment, so yeh 91p is significantly cheaper.
I went in 2006 and brought $5k worth of yen with me for accomodation, shopping etc  I had trouble spending it all!  I probably spent $500 of it just at Japan post mailing boxes of stuff home.  I stayed for an entire month and the 'steal' of the trip was where I stayed.  I rented a private apartment from Sakura House.  It was on the edge of tokyo, in Arakawa ward, but near enough to the train line that I was able to walk 5 minutes then 2 stops I was in Akihabara.    All said the month rent for the room was $900 with all utilities/internet and currently you can still get private apartments in Tokyo through them for similar cost.  but you gotta go for a month minimum  There are cheaper options from them as well, but you are sharing the apartment with other people (but you get a private lockable bedroom)
I had to do a double take at the very start of the vid. Real life Mario cart in the background on the road.
They are putting tourism at the forefront while they have less and less economic power, same thing is happening here in Spain... definitively not a good thing which will continue with time
from dog to god ^^
I just found your channel 2 days from going to Japan. I love your tone. And the fact that I have a friend of mine who has similar sperch patterns and tone as you is hilarious to me. Love your sense of humor. Thanks for sharing these tips.
Stayed in a Mimaru in Osaka last November and for families (we had grandma, the two of us, and two teenagers) it couldn't be beat for price, comfort or availability. Were going back this fall, and were opting to try an Airbnb, so we will see which we like better.
The problem with a trip to Japan is not the money you spend there is the fly tickets in my case $2000-$2600 USD
3:51
How about renting a camper k car/van thing?too  Expensive or they dont rent out for tourists?
寝るだけならドッグハウスでも全然いい
Great video! Very educational! Thank you!!  Where did you stay?....tall luxury hotel?
10:30 Hacker Ryotaro
I love this video. My wife and I went to Japan for 14 days from Tokyo, to Kyoto, to Nara, to Osaka, then back again. Our price point was a bit higher, but it included a tour group with a chartered bus for 7 days of it. Traveling to the castles and temples was made a lot easier with our luggage stashed on the bus. Upon our tour ending we did visit Hakone during the Hydrangea festival and found it to be such a hidden gem for our trip. We plan on returning to visit north and south Japan soon! Also I want to say we only knew about 10 different phrases and the populace was kind and patient with navigating the times when google translate or phrases did not seem to work. Love your content and always love revisiting memories through your footage. Keep up the great work!
Thought i'd watch a video about costs 'n trips in japan 'n instantly got caught off guard by the mario karts legidly driving on the road in the background at the start .. lol'
I have always suspected that Natsuki's English is actually a lot better than he wants us to think.
While Japan itself may be increasingly affordable, the biggest expense for most is getting there in the first place.
Why not for Bezos or the Zuck? That's the market i happen to be in! Video 0/10! 😜
2:45 They should have used duct tape.   Hmm, the JR pass thing I actually do have some new ideas for that on the business side. Hmmm.
Got to love 24:37 lol such good chemistry ✌🏽😂
Missed opportunity to mention the ANA Experience Japan/JAL Explorer fares - return to Sapporo and Naha more like 30,000 yen.
life's tough when ppl earn only $80,000 a year :(
He said "flights aside"! JP Rail is said to be going way up!
@AbroadinJapan - Chris, I’d love to see you do a review of Anshin Oyado Shinbashi capsule hotel. I stayed there several years ago and loved it. As a solo traveler it was a great value, very nice amenities, and very convenient to mass transit. It allowed me me have somewhere inexpensive to stay that I could make day trips to Nagano, Akita, and pretty much anywhere within the JR East rail pass region.
The Japanese yen ain’t magic rn. It will go lower.
We don't need non-educated working-class people. Thank you.
I payed 1200 for my flights and hotel (APA in Akihabara) for 1 week. less than $200 on food and about 8,000 on anime figures and trading cards 🙃Dont be me and cheap travel in japan can easily be done.
Your videos are entertaining and informative, so I subscribed. I'm currently looking at visiting Japan in October or possibly November of this year, for two weeks. I have been wanting to visit Japan for nearly a decade now and I think the time is right considering how weak the yen is compared to the dollar. I would have gone earlier but I burned most of my PTO reserve on a recent trip to Spain and have to accrue enough PTO hours again...  For two weeks in Japan, including the flight, I had rough estimated expenses to be as high as $7,000 especially considering how I'm a theme park fan and hitting all of the major theme parks (Universal Studious Japan, Tokyo Disneyland, Fuji-Q Highland, and Nagashima Spa Land). As I'm doing more research I find that this 7.5k figure could be brought way lower if I wanted to save money or lowered more modestly if I wanted to splurge on something fancy.
My whole trip (not including flights) is ¥591,531.87 😅
I went last September with a holiday package and it was the best place Ive been but we only stayed in Tokyo and went to Osaka one day to Universal Studios and one day to Kyoto so this year we want to go just with the flights and travel around. I need to save loads but I think mostly is the flight that its a killer!!
I hope to go in September; 1st holiday since 2014!
I live in Brazil, and thanks to new consulate policy we're exempt from VISA for short tourism trips, plus I found a job on a flight company, so now I can travel on leasure paying around 35 dollars from Rio to Tokyo, so now I believe I can finally do the travel of my dreams, so you video came on the perfect moment, it will be definitely useful. Thank you Chris! I think I'm a fan of your channel for many many years, so if I finally manage this trip, and if you were around, beers will be definitely on me.
I lived in Asakusa in a hostel (a room for two) in 2018. The room was very small but it was not my first trip to Japan and I knew I would come to my room only to sleep. The bathroom and toilets were just across the hall. Everything was very clean. It had a nice Cafe on the first floor with multi lingual staff. The area had a lot of sites and there were many metro entrances so you could go wherever you like.
Crazy that you can have a fancy vacation for only 2,300$
Your hard work truly pays off. This is one of the most insightful videos for travelers I've seen. Many thanks!
2 weeks on $1000 is impossible unless you’re literally staying in a hostel, eating the cheapest food possible, and walking everywhere 😂😂😂😂😂 No thanks…. lol.
Im going in the fall and im not traveling half way across the room to pinch penny’s.   My budget is roughly 6k for 2weeks for a family of 3, excluding the flights.
2000 for round trip+lodging for a week and 1000 for a weeks spending (comfortably). That's what I calculated for myself atleast
I spend $200 on food for two weeks. I opted for street foods and some hole in the wall food spots. The most expensive I spent was at this sushi Izakaya place which was $65 dollars.
Japans Capitalism left 3,5 million homes empty and same amount less population. That was their cost 3,5 million human families lost
God, that lunch price here in the states would cost close to 20 dollars.
I hope you did not miss the Mario Karts in the first few seconds of the opening!
Man videos like these will start raising the prices back up, keep it low for those of us who live in japan haha
Sounds good for people already traveling South East Asia. I thought Japan was much more expensive
I was going to say 'bloody hell food is cheap, even compared to the UK' but then I remembered that seemingly half the people only have a tiny hob at best. So the economy of scale is insane.
this is a huuuuge help!! its easy to get overwhelmed with what to pick for all the necessities
love it 😊
Belgium Big Mac:  6.47 dollar
Have much does this price point waver if you do an Airbnb with a group?
Have much does this prove point waver if you do an Airbnb with a group?
hello.  Just wanted to know if their are any hotel chains in Tokyo, Tottori, and Osaka that will let you transfer your reservation so you can travel through them without having to book a new hotel? this would a 10 day trip.
Hope to go next year, fingers crossed
Thank you for your hard work man this vid is awesome i can see how much time went into this lmao legend!
I've been many many times on business trips that averaged 6 weeks each. Yes, the company paid for everything, but I could see the costs. A business hotel near the train station is about $80/night. Clean, safe and many have perks like a communal bath and free noodles. Of course, you have your own in room bathroom, but the soaks are so relaxing. EAT LOCAL! Western food is typically pricier than local fare, and less healthy. I would go into mom and pop shops, tell them a few foods I like and just say feed me. Never had a bad meal. Travel within Japan can be more expensive than you're used to. I understand they have multi-use, multi-day rail cards now, similar to the Eurorail pass, just be careful, the trains are private companies, so be sure that the card is accepted by most, if not all. Don't be afraid to try everything! It's not all good, but most of it is, even basashi, aka, raw horse. Never had food poisoning there.
Going to japan soon so watching some of chrus videos 😂
Japanese culture, British humor... I  like 👍
I snore really loudly...can u hear everyone snoring CLEARLY in capsule hotels?
if it costs a 1000 dollars for 2 weeks minimum salary must be 2000 dollars. its not.
i just came here to make sure u didnt die ur hair like the thumbnail looked
Just to add a data point, I just got back from my first Japan trip. 2 weeks, my share in Airbnb in Kabukicho for 3 people was $590. Came in with 185,000 yen spending money ($1200ish), was more than enough (most of my money went to concerts and merch there). JR office at Narita had the real deal Suica cards, which I didn't expect to find. And Chris is right, Sukiya is great, 400 yen for awesome food and they are all over the place
An absolutely essential video for new travelers like myself. I'll be going in late August with my Mother and we're in the process of booking hotels and budgeting our trip. The price breakdowns at the end was especially helpful. I'll be spending a full day in Akiba so hopefully I'll find some good deals with the dollar as strong as it is right now.
Just read 'Abroad in Japan'. Never knew beforehand about your YouTube videos.....although my 19 yr old son did, during a random conversation we had about Japan ! Anyway I really enjoyed the book and inspired me more to try to visit Japan before life runs out !! (I'm 63, British, living in York ).
The business hotel is less per month than rent in Toronto for  450 sq ft condo
No one should ever be doing macro shots of peoples faces in a youtube video
Thank you so much. Very informative.  My gf and i will be in japan may 2nd-8th and bringing $1500 each ($3000usd) total. And are worried we are not bringing enough lol
なつき
What are those things that look like condoms hanging in the locker? 3:43
Great videos. Going to Thailand in 2 weeks- visit family. Planning on Japan as side May 19-28 for my family of 5( kids 12,17,19). Do I need to pre book hotels? We tend toward budget 3 star accommodation- safe/ clean- place to sleep while we explore. I want to keep it simple- thought about Kyoto for the week- doing day trips. I read the high speed train 150$ each way?. Much higher then your price. We want a culture trip- no Disneyland- ever. Wife wants gardens/roses. Fun things for kids? Cheaper- minimal line ride parks? Good idea just stay 1 place Kyoto for the week? Can we land at airport- catch a train down- get a hotel without pre booking? Would be nice to be flexible. Thank you.
Disneyland Orlando, you mean Disney World?
Maybe for someone travelling solo or 2ppl max. But try going to Japan with a family of 4 or more and it's very expensive. I paid $3K for 7 nights in hotel in Osaka, and it wasn't that good.
lol… I’m spending approximately ¥283,000 only in Airbnb houses for 14 days
you forgot the most expensive thing. the flight. from my country to japan it costs over $2000.
How to actually live in japan on only a 1000 dollar budget?  Be homeless for the first 10 days and spend your money on the days you have left
Wood Pecker More Like chrispecker Got me Lol Natsuki Always Comes up with the Best Punch lines.
It is NOT expensive to visit Japan.  Your wrong choice made it more expensive
Holy crap, the yen really is down, huh? When I went to Japan in 2002, I got used to thinking of 100 yen as $1 USD. I mean it wasnt exact, but it was close enough to know what I was spending. It looks like 100 yen is more like 60¢ now.
e
Just got the new book! wow what a talented author and illustrator
Every video, you look more and more Japanese
14 days for 1780? No way it's that cheap
Over the last decade I find nice Japanese and Korean places for lunch and dinner in my home town. After a few visits they mostly withhout fail shut down (at least my favourite chicken katsu curry place is still open). I visit Japan three times over the last year and the Yen tanks even more.  I think I am cursed.
Strong Zero is one of the most ridiculous things about Japan 😂
very nice hotels
27:10 I love the sarcasm ;D
17:10 lol this is one of the few halal places in tokyo. idk much about the price, but I had it on my bucketlist for my visit next week. Idk if there are a lot of halal cheap options out there
I'm finally going next month! for  weeks becuase i'm staying with my gf haha. of course this means i won't be doing everything all the time but with all the time i will be doing a lot. So far only booked a tryokan in kyoto for one night and then two in osaka which all togetehr was liek £300 cos of the ryokan haha.
Honestly, it's so nice seen as to just how much natsuki's English has improved
Haha. They have all kinds of Wagyu or Kobe Beef hamburger joints in US cities. $20 Wagyu beef burgers 😅 Americans… keeping it ‘un’real these days.
I think i spent close to 4k usd on my 10 days trip last month....and its worth it .... i save so much on flight ticket , accomodation and using suica for trains ....that 4k includeds gifts and all my 20 figurine....i ate so much ....for accomodation i stayed home stay and capsule...so good....basically u need them to sleep well thats all and freshen urself ....trip includes joypolis, universal studio with express, godzilla minus one at premium 109 shinjuku cinema, every single city at tokyo, full figurine and anime hunt , multiple restaurant and cover basically osaka too with the castle etc....2 people backpackers is the key and plenty of walking ..
Natsuki is either being spoiled or being tortured depending if Connor is there or not and also depending on Chris..
14 days for $1000? Gran Customa Internet cafe charges about $20 for 12 hours stay with free curry rice, drink, shower, sleepable space 1 day = $20 customa cafe 12 hrs + $30 for breakfast and lunch = $50 50x14=$700, still got 300 left
I planned a trip from fukushima walking all around hokkaido to sapporo in 2,5 Month and my buged is about 4000 Euros
I have planned a 10h Train Trip (from Erino to Nemuro) wehre i could sleep at night^^. so i can wake up and travel the city - its not ceap but why spending into an accomidation, when u already spend abourt 50 euros for the trip
Loved the advice on hotels and travel but I’ve got all the food knowledge I get from our boy japaneat
Are those prices for one person or two ?
Going to japan for the second time this November and these videos help me see what sort of budget I can do thanks Chris amazing video as always
I feel like going to Japan for the average joe is a once in a lifetime. So personally I'd save at least 3000-5000 dollars to make it really special.  Also, the thing Chris forgot to mention is that its better to have physical cash in Japan for most places that aren't booked online. So make sure to bring a personal safe.
No one should shout at the locals!! No one°!!
An Airline ticket to book a flight to Tokyo is $1,500-$900. Depending on the fare deals and fare prices, to that many people are purchasing tickets to book a flight to Tokyo, Japan.   Booking a flight to Japan and purchasing airline tickets 15 years ago was consider a luxury and once in a life time vacation. Nowadays, Jimmy Fallon are going to Tokyo for one week. You have talk show hosts going to Japan now and politicians.    But according to Japan Times article, it says the average Japanese population or Japanese person has a salary of ¥130,000 which is $5,987 in USD. So rent is ¥1,560.00 in Tokyo in USD is $350 for Japanese people if you’re living in the metropolitan areas of Tokyo including Kanto and Shinjuku.   For groceries the average of that a Japanese family in Hokkaido and Honshu pays for food is ¥12,000 which is $99 for expensive food.    :), I hope this info was helpful to any non-Japanese or people outside of Japan. Happy JAPAN TRAVELS GUYS, Arigatōgazaīmasu ✨❤️
I’ve never done a short trip to Japan, shortest being one month, but the hostel I stayed at that time was maybe $300 for the month, owner sold it during c19 though 😭 now I’m staying in Airbnbs about $1k per month for an entire studio.  I spend most of my money on transportation tbh.  I think $1000 for a week as spending money is more than enough depending on what you’re doing.  I’ve made it a month on like ¥30000 once 😅 not sure I recommend that though.
I live in Southern California not  far from Disneyland. I last went 20 years ago.
Just booked my trip! Gonna be there at the end of this month. I’m so excited 😆 Recommendations are appreciated 🙏🏼🫶🏼
Im going in October for my GF and i birthday! Tickets were: $900/Person  Hotels: i spend around $1350 for 15 days (didn't want hostels and our own privacy and our bathroom)  Transportation: maybe around $600? (Going to Tokyo, Kyoto, Oasaka ans Hiroshima) Excursions: setting aside $800  Food: setting aside $1000 Shopping: setting aside $600  Don't know when ill go back so definitely want to have fun and this is a budget for 2 people and still pretty good for what we get compared to living in los Angeles 😂
5:22 coulda sworn I've seen this exact hotel room somewhere before...
If 4 cans at 9% is what get's you wasted you're a cheep date in my friend group. XD
Chrispecker my god
What was the name of the hotel room with the tiny bed, you mentioned you had to be a gymnast to get through with luggage ? I think it suits me.
this video was so great i just brought my ticket to japan and was so scared you guys made this video and it changed my mind i cant wait to see japan haha i already got my transportation card thanks guys
I don’t know how long I’ve been subscribed to this channel, but I always took notes in a small book that I recently had to dig up since I am now planning a trip to Japan for this year! It’s great timing I think!
5:57 Ah I see this video was shot during the Shibuya incident.
The grumpy not going to Disney part had me giggling 😂😂😂
Little advice on the Suica card - Preload the card and don't go for the instant booking option. It else might cost you transaction fees from your bank and that can add up! Sometimes this can cost more than the trip itself you just took with the subway. ;)
日本を愛してくれてThank you (｀･ω･´)ゞ
Just came back from a few weeks Japan and i was so shocked how cheap everything was. I'll be going back at the end of summer for another Month or so. Make sure to book your flight way in advance, check in with locals via couchsurfing, Osaka is waaaay cheaper than Tokyo in accomodations, public transport is just ridiculously cheap, eating out is also cheap or just eat onigir's all day hehehe. 25 years ago, in 1998  i did one year of highschool at 16 when Japan was very expensive. Now i get to relive and even triple top that experience. Also one tip, visit the countryside and mountains. The Japanese alps are amazing! I'm from Amsterdam where prices are just skyhigh. The euro is strong in Japan.
"14 days on *just* a thousand dollars" my dude that is twice of what I have per month lol
sure you can do it under $1000, but your staying in small space as well as only eating cheap food, your never going to be able to explore much of japan this way
If I close my eyes I feel like Captain Jack Sparrow is narrating. Thank you.
Saying ”love hotel”, and ”bang for your buck” so casually… I am not even sure he conciously made that inuendo. 😅
Are you related to Kevin O’Leary?  He’s British and looks like you but lankier.
"More bang for your buck" when talking about love hotels - love it!
I went to japan in March 2024 for two weeks and if you take out the ticket for me to get there ($1008) i spent $450 for Anshin Oyado premier capsule hotel in shimbashi, and then maybe $100 on train transport and then $60 on souvenirs, and then spent maybe $500 on food and snacks…and I ate 1600 yen Ramen for ichiban 11 of the 30-35 meals I ate. Japan has a LOT of free “attractions” to visit
Chris haven't mentioned it but instead of Suica you can get Pasmo as long as you plan staying in Tokyo. It does the same thing as Suica and you can get the card by yourself in ticket machine for a whooping 500 yen (not sure if the price still is the same) that you can get back if you want.
Will I still enjoy Japan if I only go 8 days? My work schedule won’t let me do more than that… help! lol
Chris, saw your video with Mrwhostheboss where you help him explore Yobodashi. You deserve a better introduction at the very least as you genuinely care about Japan and its people. The only reason I watched that video is because I thought it was going to be a fun collab. I'm very disappointed with how it turned out. Not even a thank you at the end. Anyway, you deserve all the subs and love of all Japanese people!
24:40 that was the hidden talent 😂❤
Exceptional content as always, Chrispecker! I'm planning a trip to Japan because I've wanted to go for a long time now and I'm hoping to treat my parents. The timing of this video was impeccable (see what I did there....) and genuinely really informative. Thank you for the time and energy you put into these videos.
Just 14 days? I'd love to visit for a full month, if longer.  That is if Boeing's current issues don't start spreading to other airlines.
Definitely enjoying Natsuki’s reactions.  Especially at the capsule hotel!  Loving this series, probably won’t ever go as our money is limited but I sure enjoy dreaming!
Youtube is full of sht . I spend 1000$ going to the supermarket soon lol . Tf this people talkingg about 🤣
Thanks an great infotainment piece. I want to go even more now, capsule experience looks weird and wonderful.
😂
The price of visiting from Serbia at travel agencies is about 2000 euro, 2500 if you visit all the places they offer (nara, hiroshima, kyoto, osaka and niko). Not such a bad deal, all things considered
10:31 Ah... Amateur.
Fly to Japan and feed yourself mostly by Coke and Pringles :|
In tip number 3  ,ask a local where to get the best food at a reasonable price and if you have any problems or issues ask for help translating .
3 cans? Haha make it 5 and then some vodka.
Remember people this is per person!!! And if you have a family well that all multiplies
Going to Japan again after 6 years, and it seems very little has changed in terms of tips & tricks. My personal recommendation would be to just get these 2 liter bottles of unsweetened cold Oolong or green tea if you're going on trip for the day. They're pretty cheap, you can get them at every single Family Mart/7 11/Lawson/etc. and they just are great for thirst and taste. The Japanese market has dropped significantly over the years so it should be much more affordable to enjoy a full-fledged trip! See you in Osaka, Fukuoka and Sapporo! :)
"Chrispecker" ... OMG I'm dying. 🤣
What about the round trip flight? 😑😑
Man, you eat too much for lunch.  lol
Brother where was that teppanyaki restaurant
Couldn't find your own room in Melbourne to sleep in for under $150 i reckon. $60 for your own room regardless of size is bloody brilliant in a major city.
I see Natsuki. I click. Easy math.
See here i am thinking that $1000 for 5 days isnt enough hahaaha
This is a great video, thanks so much Chris!
0:19 yeah skip over the most expensive part, getting over there!!!!
How practical is it for a Weser with no Japanese to rent a car and just drive around the country to see rural Japan?
Can you plan my itinerary please 😂
My trip in August 2023 Spending Breakdown:  Return Flights (Direct w/British Airways & Japan Airlines) : *£1,400*  20 Nights Hotel Stays Across Various Parts of Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto: *£1,696 (£85 per night)*  (this was higher than it needed to be but I spent £100-£120 staying in Shinjuku and Shibuya in parts when I could've spent £60 staying in Asakusa)  Travel Insurance: *£43*  JR Pass: *£273* (In my case my travel would've come to about £230 if I had bought individual tickets but I used the pass for convenience)   Pocket Wifi: *£90*  Food and Dining Out: *£1,300 / £65 p/day*   Spending Money (Clothes, Gifts etc) : *£500*  Intercity Travel: *£150 / £7.50 p/day)*  Etc Expenditure: *£200*  Total: *£5,652* / ¥1,045,620  I think I stayed near to on budget??? Maybe I spent more than expected on food and drink because I splurged on some nice meals and drank alcohol every day lol
“Hello, if you are thinking of traveling to my country Morocco, I am here to help you plan your trip down to the last detail. As a local tour guide, I have in-depth knowledge of the tourist areas, cultural and historical attractions and sites in my country.  I will give you personal tips and advice on the best places to visit and activities to enjoy. Whether you are looking for exciting adventure experiences, want to explore cultural and historical attractions, or simply want to enjoy food and shopping, I am here to meet your needs.  I will also help you with logistical arrangements such as hotel reservations, transportation and tourist routes. In addition, I will provide you with detailed information about the local culture, customs and traditions to ensure an enjoyable and immersive travel experience.  Contact me if you want to plan your trip to my country, I will be happy to help you make it an unforgettable experience!
I'm so excited to be travelling to Japan later this year
Can you get prostitutes, if so how much?
And thats not even with the flight costs..... Il have to wait for an unknown (vealthy) relative to die and give me all the money xD UGH!!!!! Dreams can sometimes feel kinda sad...
Slowly looking like the emperor in Star Wars
33 years old?  Don't worry, Chris, you don't look a day over 38!
Hearing you say they were thinking of banning Strong Zero ruins my day. Drinking those big boys outside of Family Mart at 11AM was my Japan experience.
have you done a video on the haunted forest I've heard a lot about in Japan?? Sorry I can't remember the name??
From the sky view, Tokyo looks a lot like NYC
Me and my friends planned to go to Japan in 2 years' time (we're all fresh grads, hence the set off date)  I asked my mom and aunt who has both went a few times how much we need to save up for a not-so-budget trip, and they both agreed that RM10k is more than enough (did the math just now, it's a little over 2000USD) didn't really believe them at first, but after watching your video, it dawned on me that it is actually true
Japan should be paying you for this tourism marketing!
If you think the USD is strong, bitcoin makes the USD look like a total joke.
Danggggg bro. A 2 star hotel in my backwater city in Indiana is $120 a night please kill me
Natsumi and Chris fan meetup included? :)
We went to Japan with my fiancé last year for 10 days along with the 7 days JR pass (We managed to make it in time before the price increase). We stayed in Tokyo in an Airbnb apartment. Visited Osaka and Kyoto and some other places too. Overall (Tickets from Europe to Japan included) we spent about 190k Yen each.
But what if I want said ticket to Narnia? 😂🙈
Isn't that guy in Grand class a famous Japanese chef?
Going to Japan in a month this video is awesome!
This video is absolutely lovely! I‘m going on a solo mission of visiting and traveling through japan for the first time for a whole month soon, so a lot of these tips are probably really helpful for me!  Despite the non-recommendation of the JRP i did go for the 21 day option (100k¥) to have a lot easier time traveling through the different cities I’m interested in :) I‘m really excited, thank you!
I hope such videos wouldn’t make prices in Japan increase …
I stayed at an AirBnB room with 3 beds for 7 days back in 2018 for around ¥ 14,000. Split the cost in half with my mate so we really saved up on accommodation. Needless to say, it was the worst decision we made on our trip to Tokyo🤣Never again..
Guarantee if you were to compare the Dining on a Budget segment with the Canadian equivalent, you’d probably be looking at a price 3 or 4 times larger. It’s absolutely ridiculous. You can’t afford to feed your family here anymore on a barely minimum wage. The fried chicken Chris got? 5, 6, 7 sometimes 8 dollars for the same amount.
Definitely seeing the trad stuff and staying in the, is on my list along with good food so im gonna have to save a whopper for this one.
4:00 nice accomdations 🫰
depends how you travel. I dropped 30k across jp in two weeks followed by another 17k in two more weeks in cn. i'd say you should realistically expect to spend about 2k/wk in jp without penny pinching if you actually want to see the sights and get around.
I like the concept of the capsule hotel. If im soending two weeks in japan i wanna be out in the world absorbing the culture and i really just need a place to sleep. Im not going to be hanging out in my hotel room so i really dont need much space
I'm turning 30 this year. Never been to Japan but waited to go since I was a teenager. I have no one to travel with so i kept putting it off... but I'm fed up with putting it off. I'm not getting any younger!! For my 30th I'm thinking of making a plan for next year! 🤔
how about AirBnB?
Did this is pre-covid and was about $600. Amazing food for cheap. The flight is definitely the biggest expense, but it's definitely worth getting a cheap room vs sharing/pods. Was in Shibuya, right by the crossing and was about 2700 total.
going in 4 weeks can't wait !!
I fell in love with Family Mart while in Japan!
I spent Canadian 9~10K for a 33-day trip last year but that could easily have been 2/3rds that much if you aren't me, and included a) the fact that our dollar REALLY sucks too, b) overpriced direct-flight plane tickets (around $2200), the big 3-week rail pass, local trains/metro, plus using taxis quite often (which I never used to do), c) solo hotel rooms every night d) probably $2500~3000 on Kpop (4 concerts, 2 of which were on an extremely overpriced 3-night travel package, and way too much Kpop merch at Tower records and K-books) e) had to buy a new suitcase while I was there.  Went to 6 cities and outside of the concerts I didn't really shop as extravagantly as I could have, but I definitely didn't hold back much either. I booked rooms 1~2 months ahead and aimed for a max of $100/night but nothing under an 8/10 rating which was totally doable.  In USD it was like 6.5~7.5K so could have been like $5~6K without the concerts/merch lol.  Back when I used to have more energy did my travel for much cheaper by staying at hostels and never taking taxis, but I'm tired nowadays and I only travel every 4~5 years now so I didn't feel bad spending a bit more.
14
Tokyo Government Building is such a good spot to view the city from at night. Free as well.
Japan McDonald's serves pork big mac
I love Japan..konichi wa
Question, does anybody know how much japanese you actually have to know? Like can you easily get around without knowing anything basicly?
when i got stuck in japan around fukuoka capsule hotels were all still around 8,000 yen a night - 15,000 a night. it was insane lol. id love to know if there is some sort of life hack to finding them afforadably. on the other end, my japanese best friend found a great hotel with a full room and bath for only 5,000 yen a night. i guess its pre-booking by phone etc. going through apps always costs alot
great video both out of interest and super practical, great work as usual Chris and Natsuki
Is there any bicycle rentals available for the day in tokyo??
Anyone going to Japan this weekends? I’ll be there on Sunday.  For 2 weeks
$1000 is my whole month's salary 😢
$1000 in two weeks (without accommodation) would be expensive no matter how you spin it.
I was under the Godzilla. Its the area the Yakuza Games are based on❤
Awesome video, you 2 make a good combination
This video is complete bullshit. Definitively worth a downvote. Claims that 2 weeks cost less than 1000 USD, and then it turns out the only liveable accommodation, which wouldn't make you lose self respect for the rest of your life, starts from 150 USD per night.
Haha, it was legit more expensive for me in the Philippines.
Can’t wait to visit Japan 🇯🇵 one day ❤❤😋😋
How do you get to Fuji-Q from Tokyo in only 19min?  I want to go there next time I’m in Tokyo!
Nice tour
a bottled coke where I'm at (Arkansas,USA) is $3.49
Why is the banana wrapped in plastic?
Crisps for lunch. You can't take the English out of the Englishman.
Still on the 8 minute mark here and love your friend ❤❤😂
what is the name of the Luxury with the view of godzillas head?
Tx for all the work. Your book just got delivered so am gonna have some fun reading all about it as well :)
21:32 do those meals fill you up you always seem to get such a little amount
Natsuki and Chris’ friendship is goals
you guys need to include canada in the price comparison a big mac here is like 8 bucks
“Shinuku”  (22:36) 😂 please hire me as yr proof reader
Happy 3 millions subs Chris! 🎉
What an amazing video, congrats!
I see my friend here forgot to mention that the big yen experiment is over and all prices will change. keep it in mind
I'm going in about 3 weeks, thanks for the info. It's gonna be a trip remember!
Green screen？
So when does CDawgVA get a make up tour?
bro, $1,000 isn't even enough to GO TO japan, let alone stay there for 2 weeks and get back
コンビニは値段が高いです。 スーパーマーケットの方が安いので、もしスーパーマーケットがあるならそちらに行ってくださいね😊
I watch ''At Japan'' and her videos are quite good showing different accommodations and the prices to go with them.
As an Indian nothing is cheap outside india
tokyo is cheaper than bangkok.   Also disney world in orlando is $160, not $109
Wow, that's cheaper than a week's trip to Disney World in the US! I've been intending to visit Japan for years, I hadn't realized it was so reasonable to be get around and see so much of the country.
I always wanted to go to Japan for a vacation, however what keeps me from going is accessibility of stuff hotels,bars,attractions etc as a person who has two full armsleves tattoos. From what I learned about Japan over the years, Japanese people link tattooed people to organized crimes or thugs and shun people with tattoos away, mainly from ryokans... Has this changed at all over the years? Or not so much
When I visited this past September 2023, I was amazed at how affordable it was.  It was when $1USD was close to 150 Yen.  I used about $1350 (about 200000 Yen) spending cash for the 2 weeks I was there and it was more than enough and I was even able to get some expensive gifts for my parents.  Saving for the trip was easy when you plan.  I saved up for flight and hotel, booked in advanced, then used the 9 mo or so until the trip to save up for my spending money.  If the exchange rate remains favorable, I'd definitely want to go again.
I can't hear the song at 5:30 without thinking of Settled from OSRS lol
Is the APPA hotel chain good for staying?
Man i wouldn't get even half that amount of food for 10$ in my everday life from convenience store. But to be honest, if i ever went to japan i'd be paying a visit to quite a few ramens shop lol.
one day i will go i swear to god
I had an MRI today. The capsule hotel "room" reminds me of it!
Love Natsuki.
This video dropped right on time. I'll be there in 2 weeks and I have a lot of friends who never been and had a lot of these questions. Glad you made this so I can send this to them. Thanks a bunch!!!
Went to japan in 2019 bought tickets super late total trip from NY was around $2500-3000 give or take and most of the money was for air fair. So I'd say its relatively affordable once u get there.
I went in May.... i spent about $900 for 9 days....Awesome
1,000$ per night for a crappy view of a city, or $1000 for 4 nights staying in a cozy country Ryokan... yeah I'll take the Ryokan
Look out for food courts in malls like Qmall. We're visiting Osaka right now and just had a biiig lunch for a family of 4 for a little under £10
nice
I could probably drink $40 worth of Saki so it might be worth the ticket price
Recently did my first cruise from Tokyo through to Seoul. Plus had 2 nights in Keio plaza hotel and Ambassador hotel in Gangnam. All in with flights/transfers we spent about £7,400 for the 15 days. Think this was a great deal, could've saved money here and there but was definitely worth the money.
I always love seeing Natsuki in your videos Chris! Whether it be on Abroad in Japan or on Chris Abroad.
For the military and retirees, Look at getting a room at the New Sanno hotel near the Hiroo train station. Its a few blocks away from Roppongi as well. Large American sized rooms as well.
Im visiting Japan this June with some friends and had a decent amount put back for it, but unforeseen circumstances has left it rather drained as a result. So this video is amazing with its timing, thanks man! Oh a question if you will, have you ever been to the aquarium in okinawa? I've heard great things about it and its on the list if I can afford it.
💊💊Capsule Hotels are good... BUT they do wake you up at 9AM and you can't go back to sleep until the evening... SO if you did all nighters like I did in Osaka, it's not so such a sweet deal if you want to sleep in 🌆
I love the video but why the spoiler title?
19:07 correction: best beer in Japan is Yebisu
2 weeks for $ 1000? No, just another lie, , he came to at least $ 2400, PLUS AIRFARE. Not interested.
Wow, I paid over $100 for a motel room in Phoenix with used syringes outside the door
apparently a digital suica only works on japanese phones??
I love your content man, I'm willing to go there for a long time....
These food prices are crazy because i look at prices for things there and compare them to here in Georgia in the US and its like 5 to 7x less than it is here
the catamaran and luxury train had my jaw drop wow
When i visited japan i lived in air bnb rooms, those are  (on average) cheaper than regular hotel rooms i found. I wonder that you didnt cover this option for accommodation.
Brilliant video, could have been put together by the BBC it's that slick and professional. My Japanese wife and I love your channel! I wish the internet had been a bit better when I was in the country 25 years ago as I might have tried doing what you are doing as it looks bloody fun (but hard work too no doubt) but I'm content watching you bang it out of the park on a regular basis. You Sir, are a gem. Keep up the amazing work.
I don't feel well in high places
Japan is NOT expensive at all. I live in Tokyo and it's so much more affordable than my own hometown, Zurich.
05:39 Goddamnit those are some tiny ahh rooms. It seems I'd have to bring a lot more just to get a deluxe suite...
Strong zero sounds like my kinda drink lol. I don't really drink anything under 7% as is
I really want some strong zero now
is luggage not allowed in love hotels? 7:25
Meanwhile Big Mac in NYC is 13$🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Everyone says accommodation is the most expensive part of a trip to Japan, but is it not the ticket for anyone else? Going from America's East Coast, all flights I see are $1,500-$2,500 dollars, which is way more than any hotel.
Im going to Kyoto-Nara-Osaka this Saturday! Super excited
The impromptu beatboxing totally made my day
I'm curious about staying at a net cafe compared to hostel . I'm trying to figure out  available  metro day pass and budgeting.
It’s usually the price of a plane ticket that make it expensive. Food is never an issue!
Nice video. The price in the end? Is that per person or for 2 people? 😅
😅You still havent taken us to a Ninja school or Yakuza den. It would also be a plus if you did an episode about the vibrant Japanese porn industry
That same bottle of coke costs £1.85  or $2.30 in the UK smh
Plus size travel? Both physically and psychologically?
The main reason I've never gone to Japan is because I don't think I would ever be able to figure out how to acquire food, so I would just starve the entire time I was there.
Did I just see go karts on the road in the beginning of this video? So in Japan everything is so small you can literally drive go-karts?😂
24:45 AWESOME! :D we want more of that!!!
I have returned after visiting Japan from Australia. My Jetstar flight was A$750 return and Japan itself was very affordable. Eating out at a bustling restaurant with a meal for two, three drinks of alcohol was around JPY4700 (A$50). Clothes wear significantly cheaper than Australia.  Brilliant transportation system, fascinating respectful culture.
Great video! Thanks! Entertaining too
Thanks, very nice content
there are already too many tourists in Japan, and these videos shouthing to millions of viewers how japan is cheap will make thing even worse for japan😢
But nearly every sushi restaurant will have a 1000 yen lunch, and you can buy 2 onigiri and a drink for about 500 yen, and there are 550 yen Udon all over the place... Ramen is cheap, too.
Premium business room is more my style for a short stay okay
Love hotel…”you get more bang for your buck here.”
Lol I stayed at that capsule hotel when i was looking for my apartment. Its in Shin okubo
How much does he get paid for 1M views video?
Man this saddens me to see people be like this. I was in Japan in 2019 for 27 days, and it was genuinely the most amazing place I've been to in my life! I hate to see people ruining what made it special.
At the current exchange rate, Japan is cheap as dirt for many so long as they do the homework and know what they are doing (e.g., following the example of the average net-worth natives). As in virtually anywhere in the world, there are no high-speed circuit breakers for big spending for those who don't know what they are doing (or those who do and have got the dough aplenty).
24:42  the beatboxing was smooth
As a Yoshi enjoyer myself, my love for Natsuki just grew ever higher!
日本の物価が安いのは、外国に比べて賃金が安いからだ、アメリカ人の平均年収の半分だ日本の平均年収は400万円、日本はその上円安ですべてが安い国なのだ
So the hotel prices listed in the video showing the normal hotels are roughly the same as america.   The average hotel price in the US is about 140 for inner states, but in my state of Florida, the hotels could be from 160 to 500 a night.   That's just the hotel stay and not including any else except breakfast which is served at 6am so if you wake up early that's good but by the time 9 rolls around that breakfast buffet is gonna be a little cold.   Now there's some hotels that do lunch and dinner in the lobby which they market as a "restaurant" which is a regular sit down, and if your staying on a company line then you can charge the room as long as you stay away from alcohol. They know this so they seperate the bar and food bill if you want which is nice.   The only place you need to worry about that's super expensive is the Florida keys. There's been 5 day trips that cost 5k.
this is so dumb but i am really excited to use public transportation when i take my trip to japan 🤣
for $1,000 you can stay for a whole month :)
I absolutely used the hell out the rail pass going form Tokyo to Sapporo, back to Tokyo then to Osaka that same day, one last trip back to Tokyo then final destination of Osaka
2500Y room? what place?
I have a trip to Japan coming up soon and your cost break down has been so helpful! Thank you so much for making these videos, they make a world of difference when planning a trip!
We went end october and i think we had the mid budget, but we traveled a lot in those 14 days, also having the old price rail pass worked wonders.  when i go again i really wanna visit some more vulcanic places, return to Nara and most of all spent some days at okunoshima island since we figured that there is an actual hotel on the island  I never had a big vacation trip before (i'm from the netherlands) but for my first time on a big vacation, it is one that i will never forget!
Was there a urinal underneath the sink in the business hotel?!
5:44 We know that symbol from an FBI document. 15:11 Nah, cash is king.
"I feel like a god.. oo, Godzilla." I love Natsuki 😁
was  that hotel Groove (the nice one) in Tokyo?
I went in October and coming back this April the only thing that is expensive is the flight and stay. Everything else is cheap in my opinion I live in Southern California. 😊
One great thing about seeing Chris looking “older”…Homie is really taking his health seriously & slimming down.  we sometimes associate pudgy as liveliness as the same deal and skinny as elderly.   it really warms my heart to see Chris doing so well natski-san doing well  🙏👁🙏
I mean if you're traveling as a single person, of course it's going to be cheap.  When people talk about how certain places are expensive vacations, it's mostly about a family of 4. When you have kids you can't just always go for the barebones.
here in netherland for JP Rail you pay for 7 day,s 335 euro thats very expensive  fore German ICE i payed +-  200 euro for 11 day,s
You look much younger than several videos before. Older than your real age, but look really slick!
Great vlog thank you. So informative.
Was there last August .. flights from Ireland were undoubtedly expensive, but both accommodation and food/drink was very affordable  and there's so much to see that doesn't cost .. fantastic experience all round .. would go back in a heartbeat.
Thank you, thank you, thank you! My first time seeing one of your videos. Fantastic! Incredibly informative, and oh so entertaining!!! You and your sidekick are hysterical! I’ve been coming to Asia from the US for 25 years, but only to China as my wife was from there. Lived there for 6 years and only saw the airport outside Tokyo once when changing flights. I’m now retired and living in Thailand and after watching this Japan has now moved up on my bucket list. I studied Japanese History, Japanese Literature (Tale of Genji, The Pillow Book by Sei Shonagon), Chinese History and Asian Political Systems in university and I absolutely need to visit. I’m looking forward to diving into more of your videos. Thank you again. See you in Japan!
One of my dreams and goals in my life is to visit Japan and South Korea. But with two little kids it's imossible to do it at the moment :( Nice video and thanks for the useful information.
just finnished reading your book! Loved it!!
“Ground control to major Tom”🗣🔥
Me and my fellow paper white British friends are gonna be in Tokyo for about 3/4 weeks in August/September and, aside from researching ways to mitigate the melting heat I imagine we will suffer, these videos have been great resources to help estimate our budgets and come up with plans. Thanks Chris!
Flight ticket : Hold my beer
The noise cancelling of higher cost places to sleep is definitely worth emphasizing. As well as noise cancelling headphones to wear when you sleep.
Me if i travel to a country I don’t worry about sleeping but I worry about excitement &enjoyment 😅
Youtubers’ obsession with convenience stores drives me nuts.  In Osaka, for example, you can go to one of the many local supermarkets, which are almost as ubiquitous as convenience stores, or a Donki, and get almost everything shown in this video at a much lower price.  The Oikos yogurt would be 168 Yen, a refrigerated Coke 108 Yen, onigiri for less, snacks for less, etc.  Also a much bigger selection of Bento at much cheaper prices.  I live in Osaka and almost never go to a “conbini”.
Nooo i love strong zerooo
I said "that's a dog house" right before he did!  So funny!  LOL!
Just got back from Japan. Words can’t describe how amazing it was. Loved every second of it
29:47 - "Chrispecker! my god" lol 😂
hey bro, what's going on with tourism bans in kyoto?
Dude, all women on the dating sites, if they look reasonably good (and especially if they aren't moms), are monkey branchers. Its foundational female behavior.
Bloody hell what a beautifully useful video. Thanks!
Would you recommend the package holidays designed for solo travellers? Seems to fit a lot into the trip but feels experiences could be rushed. Also £2k with flights and accommodation too allegedly 🤔
16:33 Bring back alcoholic Chris arc.
Natsuki seems so chill and fun :D
As a swiss person japan has always been cheaper than where i live. In fact, everywhere is
its $10 for a coke and sandwich in new zealand. If your lucky
Man, Japan's tourism board should be paying you for this! This is something I'm definitely going to reference for a family trip
3:04 Bro forgot about Connor 😭😂
This video makes me miss Japan! 😩
Is the  pasmo card still a thing?
Guys I just got back from Japan about 2 weeks ago and it’s not cheap. I would say things are 20-30% off compared to to US prices.  I gotta make my own travel videos and speak the truth lol my hotel on avg per night was $250-300 that’s just a hotel.
What happens if your up there and and an earthquake happens?
BS, looks like he spent at least $3000.
NICe
Well, i did that speedrun with JR pass, Osaka-Hakata-Osaka-Hiroshima-Miyajima-Hiroshima-Himeji-Kobe-Osaka-Kyoto-Nara-kyoto-Kanazawa-Nagano-tokyo-sendai-tokyo-Nagoya-tokyo-Matsumoto-kyoto-uji-kyoto-tokyo-Karuizawa-Gala Yuzawa-And tokyo again.. and full rest at the hostel after 7th day using JR pass
Thank you Chris - love the information. The locations are top of our list. Planning a trip for 2025 with my adult children. We are making lists every time we watch your videos and Char's too. Love you both!  Have a great Month.
"flights aside" flights from where I live to Japan are thousands of dollars. Flights are the reason we can't afford it.
My only concern is the language barrier, I have a disability that almost completely prevents me from learning other languages and with social anxiety I'd be way too nervous to go anywhere that didn't speak English. Any advice for that by chance?
I lived here for 5 years now but this channel teaches me a lot about the country
We're currently saving up to go to Japan in 2027. Loving content like this to get ideas!
Nothing more expensive than permanent transitory inflation.
The Big Mac index may be thrown out by the fact that Japan McDonald's is a bit crap. We gave it another go after a bad experience in Osaka a few tea s back, and tried the Shibuya McDs. It was utterly horrendous. Dirty restaurant (like filthy), broken furniture, overcooked burger, putrid toilets, barely accessible stairs, terrible shaker spice for the fries. Just gross, and so unlike any Japanese restaurant I've ever been in. Don't do it, even in desperation.
When I check the price of the Japanese Yen to the US dollar it was close to 100 ¥ for 1 USD. Now it's something 33% less. What happened??
Key flights aside
Honestly thank you so much for this. I had always thought of a trip to japan as a pipe dream that I’d never actually be able to do but seeing you break down the prices and stuff like this makes it honestly seem way more obtainable
What if i want to stay in Japan for a month?  Is there airbnb ?  Or what is your recommendation ?  Thanks
Congrats on 3 Million!!
What a neat video!  Really enjoyed watching this, and will make my next trip to Japan with your insights in mind.  Great job!
The problem for me is getting to Japan, tickets are like 2K now.
Its actually cheaper to go to Tokyo Disney from the US than to go to Disney World
Going in mid april after 5 years of on and off planning and hoping i can go!! Im so excited ❤ thanks for the help
Thank you for this. I have heard a million times since I was young that Japan is expensive. So expensive, that a banana or apple is $5!! Thank you for clearing the air on this.
Coming from Canada, the Canadian dollar is nearly on par with the yen, so prices aren't nearly as cheap as the US dollar. I basically knock off the last two digits and it's close to what I would be paying in Canada 1700 yen = ~$15 Canadian. Still cheaper, but not the bargain as coming from the US or the UK.
This video is so helpful. I’m planning a tour through SE Asia and Japan is one of the countries I worry that could run me dry
LETS GET THIS GUIY TO 3 MIILLION!! LIKE AND SUSCRIBE
heads up...the Suica app is ONLY for iPHONE. It's not available for android unless you got your android phone IN JAPAN.
I hope that was the spicy Family Mart chicken.
Zuckerberg is an azz-whole
If you travel wisely, most any place is affordable.
Sukiya❤❤❤❤❤
28k for food? Depends where u eat
That sweat beat box on the spot
Lemon strong no joke ha
Japan is great but living and working there is Different,they amount they make for the  amount of hours is an Unbalanced trade off
I've been travelling to Japan regularly since 1996 and it has always been a matter of choosing your price range. Accommodation and food is far better value and quality than in Australia for a comparable price. I have always found accommodation to be clean ,  Of course, if you really want to spend up big, Japan will take money off you as if you were a billionaire.  I tend to save on accommodation and spend big on food. JR Railpass became increasingly hard to justify unless you did some regular travelling but this was offset by convenience. The new prices make it very hard to justify. It was also getting  less convenient  because tR were scheduling an increasing number of shinkansen on which you could not use your pass e.g Nozomi. Now it will make it much easier to decide to use these trains which might irritate their Japanese travellers. Some foreigners shatter the peace of shinkansen by loud conversations (usually US and Chinese). I find that despite my consumption of food and nihon shu, I usually return lighter and fitter dues to the increased amount of walking (when using public transport) and the healthy nature of the food
Hello! Considering this video… would you please do a video reacting to the Vagrent Holiday Japan Video? And educated those who may want to try this way of saving money…  Basically answering:  Is it possible and is it a good idea?
Food and booze are cheap. Accommodation and public transport are a bit steep
I just saw this video and it's my first day in tokyo today! Thank u Chris!!
The only problem left is flying. Post-covid tickets are $1,900 from Seattle.
Having spent some time at sea working with the Navy/Coast Guard the capsule doesn't actually look that bad lol
Any hope of you doing another own a bar or some such soon? Will be in Japan a few times this year, and if nothing else, I would love to meet you and buy you a drink or ten.
I think after the JR pass price hike, JAL has a travel pass where it is heavily discounted flights almost anywhere . . . and some deal with the luggage where you do not have to cart it through the airport . . . i cannot recall, but it looked like a good way to hit all four islands . . .
Experience over being in over priced hotels
Thank you for the helpful vid! I'd love to spend a few nights in a Ryokan (spelt right?) alongside most days spent in a hotel. Good idea? :)
Any link to book the private flight over the volcano?
What about getting day passes to a gym? Any info or tips on that?
I just spent 2 weeks in Japan and it was cheaper than any european country (maybe excluding Romania, Portugal) or US state I've ever been to. Food, hotels, trains. Everything.
Going in July with the family, can’t wait! Would be a honor to hopefully run into you both there.  Thanks for the amazing video.
I spent 2.5 Weeks last year in Japan and spent only 600€. (Train / Hotel already paid)   I ate like 5 times a day in restaurants, a true collonary heaven
How is literally everything Natsuki says in english, either hilarious ( not in a bad way, he just has great comedic timing) or unexpectedly cool sounding?
Rest in peace Josh Sellens, the legendary mountain tour skiing operator who died recently in an avalanche on Mt Yotei in Hokkaido ❤ thanks for all the great work you do Chris sharing the best of Japan with the world 🌎
3 dollar big Mac? Say no more my friend
As a Dutchie I would like to know what Rembrandt has to do with this capsule hotel
The most expensive part is getting and staying there
Royal Host is the worst haha. It's not bad food, but I consider it expensive. A salad and sandwich for over $10? Just go to Gusto or Saizeria.
Great video  Good to see some of the pricing to average out things like travel and eating out.  Think my budget for 12days of ¥226,000 with our accommodation already paid is looking good
Jetstar is horrible not worth it
Japan is expensive. Dont lie.
❤
what I learnt from this video.... Japan is cheaper than New Zealand....................... I don't want to live in this country anymore...
Ugh NOW we want to go to Japan next 😂 our list never ends
11:37 …. @mpsoup this has been every trip that has ever been taken with mi papa no question!!! Terrific depiction.
What is the name of the luxury hotel in this video?
3 Shinkansen trips makes the JR pass worthwhile . I don’t really understand why YouTubers keep failing simple math on this subject
Love your videos, Japan is nice isn't it!
I love Japan
I'll be going for my 6th time in the last 9 years.
@13:41 ANA(L) airline.
I think the hacker in the ad looks like Ryotaro
Cheaper than Amtrak and comparable US hotels
Any transport card that can work for android?
the biggest issue is the plane ticket
japan is becoming cheap to vacation, and get anything you want. Yen is well not doing the best...
24:40 That Meji Jingu Jingle was pretty damn good!
Japan has been printing money like crazy, its devaluation is only the beginning.
SInce this is the cost estimated in Tokyo and some other big popular cities like Osaka, I suspect the cost will be slightly lower in relatively smaller cities like Nagoya, Nagasaki, or Kagoshima?
I woonder do they do family rates.
Can you just plan out my 2 week trip from north to south thanks 😊 🙏
I totally love what you do ,cheers from oxford
We are already here, thanks for the tips anyway. (Too bad already bought the jr pass 😢)
Thank you for this!  Finally going next spring with my wife for our honeymoon!!
16:26 I just realized the gran class is cheaper than LNER in the UK holy moly
Money saving tip: Be vegan! That way you spend hardly any money on food because there is barely anything you can eat
What's the name of the wagyu restaurant???
some tips for those who want to go disneyland disneysea, usj etc. 1. go on weekdays 2. dont go during student holiday 3. dont go in feb or mar (highschool students finished exam so they have free time eventhough schools are not closed yet)
And is it $1,000 a person I have 4 kids 😅
1000 dollars to someone who lives and works in Japan is a lot of money to spend in 14 days... much more than half my monthly salary
Is it safe with all the plains falling out of the sky
i found a hotel that is about 6000 yen per night in Kanda near akiba (it is chain hotel) and it got large onsen bath, cold bath and sauna
The night bus is great but I did have a bad experience. I was woken up by a trucks horn blasting constantly, strange I thought until I opened my curtain and realised our driver was falling asleep and drifting between lanes…. Fortunately we was 20 minutes away from the driver swap over point but as you can imagine I could not sleep the remaining 6 hours of the drive! Put me off for life
Fairly well rounded lunch OR lunch to get you fairly well rounded? You decided.
I liked the Wagyu bar clip.😂😂👍
If we were to travel around japan in a group of 4, would you recommend driving instead? I see the rental cost is cheap but also understand that parking fees are the killers. 😆
Someday I will see Mt. Fuji out the window of the shinkansen... every time I've done the trip it's been cloudy! I've got some great photos of where it should be 😂
I'm from the Philippines and that "Philippines Highland Banana" made me laugh so hard lol it's like they're trying to make it sound high class when in fact you can buy that for less than 25 PHP here (67 JPY).  Also, that Strong Zero drink is a menace. Only two cans of that and I am ready to pass out and sleep for the night.  Anyway, great video! I'm looking forward to visiting Tokyo again this year.
This is both great and BAD for me. The way things are me! I'll have to hit the Lottery to go to Japan.😭
I really appreciated this vid, as I'm planning to go back to Japan in the near future.
visited osaka 3 months fascinating - compared to USA Europe expensive //   but can be done on a budget if sensible -  its the little things that can catch you out // depends how rich you are // hotel use internet // and buy local groceries and make your own lunch bottles of water // - key is planning many cities you can walk its a very safe country   local transport is excellent   // check out whats free to do japan on internet // ---- like london you can spend a fortune or stay very cheap ... avoid big chain fast food   ....   problems with capsules hostels privacy ......   // even coming back with a bottle of wine its easy to irritate somebody next to you ... // better a private room in the suburbs buy a weekly bus pass   // and get the bus into town each morning ---  just be aware manners manner manner in japan     sounds a cliche if you act like a boozy idiot   unlike in new york or london   they wont tolerate it ....   there is almost zero crime so the extremely well funded police really dont have much to do ...... unless you give them a reason ... !!!!
My traveling group is about to start planning all of the details of our fall trip. Really appreciate having a video like this to show them and help with budgeting!
😂
sadly with airfare going crazy atm my cost from the east coast 2200 is a flight vs 2020 when I had a trip before covid 1500 my trip was suppose to be late march early april of 2020
natsuki is soo funny!!! have him on more!!
is that cost per person?
Hi, last month no welcome suica o pasmo available neither in Tokyo, Chiba airport. Just use the machines with english option they work well. Cash etc great in convinience stores.
IMO, getting there is the biggest barrier to travel to Japan.
Hey Chris, if there's one thing that would be really cool is if you did a video on places that have more vegetable dishes. I had a surprisingly tough time looking for greens to eat. i'm not a vegetarian, just wanted some fiber for my intestines to balance out the meat.
Japan is cheaper than California.
I spent maybe $150 over 5 days, that includes touristy shit. I used public transport, only ate once a day at all you can eat/ drink izakayas or pork teriyaki sandiwches at 7/11 lol
Shame the cost getting there is so high.
We have this trip in mind for a while. Mostly to eat as we had once a real sushi experience and was out of this world, nothing like what you can normally get. But all those tourist traps idk. Probably it requires more careful planning than though and extensive AI translation use he.
No budget on soaplands?
I didn't save money with the JR Rail Pass, but it capped my spending and I only had to worry about finding the right train and not about tickets (I went from Tokyo to Hakata, then around Kyushu including to Nanzo-in and Tsuwano which were not English-signed)
Thanks Chris for the fami chiki inspiration. I am Here for a week now and ate at least one every day. They are addictingly good I am guessing in the coming 5 weeks in Japan my consume of Fried Chicken will only rise 😂
Japan only got expensive when we discovered the biggest Gashapon store in the world was below our hotel. We also discovered claw machines in Japan are WAY more successful. 40k Yen later I had more figures than my suitcase could hold.
I need to go here for the anime. I want to go to the studios.
Thank you so much for this helpful video! My dad and I are going next month. What order of cities/towns would you recommend for a 10 day trip? We're flying in and out of Tokyo, and the first city we need to go to and spend at least 2 nights in (because that's where my dad's conference is) is Nagoya. We plan to do day trips from here and spend the night in Nagoya, so any town within day tripping distance from here would be greatly appreciated. I'd then definitely like to spend at least 2 nights in Kyoto/Gion (perhaps see the , then maybe a night in Osaka, definitely want to do a trip to Hakone for Mt Fuji, and then maybe a day or two exploring Tokyo. Any other must see spots? Kyoto and Hakone (squeezing in a hot bath) are my only two non-negotiable activities, but I can sacrifice time from Tokyo if needed to see anything else interesting off the beaten path if you recommend!
21:53 hey city planner plays!🎉
Went to Japan last summer for 3 weeks  Travel + hotels was ~$2400 Total cost of the trip ended up being about $7100  Greatest experience of my life
Yen is cheap now but so many people are going that hotel prices in Tokyo and Kyoto are 3-4X more expensive than a year back.
Cola is cheaper than in bloody Poland ffs :O
Chris? when is the next camping trip with CdawgVA  😂😂😂😂
You give so much information...wow....I'm overwhelmed. I have been many times in Japan when I was a flight attendant and stayed in Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya. Now I live in Thailand and would like to bring my Thai wife for a week to Japan. Originally just to see the Cherry Blossom in Kyoto, but all hotels are fully booked around that time and because my wife had a traffic accident we can't go so soon. But we will go... just a bit later.
Im wanting to visit but my problem is finding someone to go with vs risking traveling alone. Unfortunately most of my family/friend group are the "Spend 14 days in various Bars in and interchangeable, low cost Mediterranean resort" types. The kind of places that have essentially kowtowed to British Culture for the sake of tourism.
I've been meaning to go for years.... At 50 and with mature foreigners largely, as I understand, seen as a bit odd.... I might not ever go.
The prices on the trains is so cap, when I did my exchange program I was paying 760ish yen going from tachikawa to ozaku
Suica on your phone for overseas phones is only available on iPhones however.  I think Apple made a deal with Sony who owns the intellectual property to the chips
He shows a basic business hotel room that is $2100 for 14 nights and it's not clear that includes taxes. Now you need transportation, food, entertainment.
This is bad advice. It will lead to people with very little money running into trouble. I was there is 2023 and my family of three spent about $6000 in 7 days. We ate at McDonald's twice too.  Good food was about the same price as Canada and the USA.  Just getting from the airport each way isn't cheap. At least not in Tokyo. Taxi's are excellent, but expensive.
Tried traveling on a budget last november and should've only spent $400 on a 5-day trip, but spent $700 because of anime figures 🥲
Chris, can you do a video on the Baseball scene in Japan? I've been watching a bit recently and it's actually quite fun but it's hard to watch outside of Japan unfortunately.
I'm 45 seconds into this video, and I was interested. How much does it cost to get to Japan? Cheapest flight from DC to Tokyo is $1094 per person. So, maybe that's why people think a trip to Japan is out of the budget.  I have a family of 3. We could spend a month on the Gulf Coast of $3300.
Natsuki is a diamond geezer, never let go of him!
10 years ago my wife and I traveled Japan and found it rather cheap. Business hotels were the go for us.  Rail pass was cheaper then but still good if you are using it enough. Food we found cheap and tasty. Compared to traveling in Western Europe or America it’s good value.
Thank you for this breakdown. Hope I can visit soon with all this fresh information.
😂ryotaro looking so casual
Is the cost breakdown for 1 or 2 people?
I think the 21 day JR pass can still be a good deal depending on itinerary
We found some amazing deals on airbnb as well for our group of 6. We were there for 2 weeks and went to Osaka, Kyoto, Tokyo, Kusatsu, and Shibukawa so the jr train green pass was worth it for us. Cheaper back in spring 2019. The airbnbs were nice but the onsens in the gunma prefecture were the best!
Great video. I miss Japan!! I was shocked how cheap meals were in Japan and really good food for very little. Most tourist attractions were cheap too. I spent around 10,000 euro for a month on honeymoon that included flights , jr pass and everything we wanted to see and do. Eating good food and staying in some nice hotels.
Ill be in Japan in June with my kids, should be a great time! Thanks for the tips!
chrispecker
“ ground control to major Tom “ 😂😂
Your videos helped us back in 2019 and now this is PERFECT for our honeymoon this November!! Actually getting to explore Kyoto and Osaka this time around. Seriously, your channel is unmatched. Much MUCH appreciated!!
Japan is cheaper rights now than any E.U. country including Romania and Bulgaria !!!
$16 bucks a night? Looks better than some of the places I stayed in Destin or Biloxi in the 90's for close to that price...
What do I want to do? I want to fly there from half way around the world for not sacrificing my soul dollars.
24:40 that impromptu beatbox/rap segment was actually great haha
22:37 Shinjuku*
wtf is that random shot of sion's airport at the end KEKW
I am big on fishing, how would a foreigner go about fishing in Japan?
Very good, I’ll save it for later
11:53 I did this fking speedrun in Japan for 3 weeks I came back home almost dead but worth it. And this was before the price rice of the jr pass
i can afford to stay in japan, i cant afford to get to japan
am i tripping or is japan extremely cheap to visit
Looking at these transit options as a Canadian T-T I didn't realize that paying 120$ for a train was supposed to be considered expensive... why is the train so expensive here
That crossing was in Resident Evil.
The biggest roadblock is the scandalous price British Airways charge for an economy flight.
Hey Chris, just saw you in LOFT today..didn't want to bother you as you seem to be enjoying your time! Have a good one!
Hey Chris! I'm surprised you didn't mention the "Seishun 18" ticket in this video – I travelled long distances on it when backpacking, it was brilliantly cheap. Not the fastest, obviously, as they generally can only be used on local- and rapid trains, but great value for the budget traveller.
Damn I liked this vid as soon as I heard "Ground control to Major Tom"
I guess my mistake was to only eat wagyu...
OMG this ep is clutch as im going next month! This is going to be awesome!
Hey, i'm going this year end. thanks a lot about sharing this tips on travelling there.
It’s very cheap/reasonable to travel to Japan. We are here in Japan March 2024. Food and shopping is so affordable compared to USA. To us Japan is on sale. It’s US that’s expensive and service is terrible too.
Discount airlines kinda suck for the experience but for a flight two hours or less that's fine.  They don't pretend to be anything other than the cattle cars they are but their prices can't be beat and almost anyone can manage them fine for two hours (three at the outside...then go to the nicer, more comfortable planes).
Depending on how convenient you want it to be, you can find room and board for 15 USD a night (granted it's likely a hostel or manga cafe and inconvenient), so that's like 210 for room and board for 2 weeks.  As for meals, at 3 meals a day eating only conbini food, that's another 15 on food, so another 210. So on basic bare minimum needs, that's about 420. If you are fine with walking to most places , that's about 20 a day for public transportation (which is a lot for it, as you likely wouldn't be going across town 3 or 4 times the same day), so it's about 250. You can go cheaper if you simply walk more, but that's unlikely to happen. This also takes into account train rides to different provinces. That leaves you a total of 330 for fun, out of a tiny 1k USD budget. Honestly, you'd probably want to save more time, with better board, and real food, so I recommend $2k. But it's totally doable for even less than 1k, if you are there more for the experience than the material goods or fancy foods.  I think even 500 is doable for two weeks (as some Japanese people themselves live on 500 USD a month), but you'd basically walk everywhere, live in the few existing hostels left or the cheapest manga cafes, and  starve with only one conbini meal a day. Sometimes, you should pay for normal living standards  of comfort, especially if it's a vacation to a country you've never been in.  Edit: all of those figures were from personal experience. It was actually more expensive back then cause the exchange rate was not nearly as good as it is now. I was a broke college student When I studied abroad there, and a jobless grad when I went again a few years later.)
I am planning to go to japan for 2 months. Here is my budget - I would appreciate input if anyone has been to japan before:  Airplane: $200 (I found a plane trip for around $980, but using skymiles points i can bring it down to 200 😃) Hotels: $3300 (~$55/night average) Food: 1800 (~30/day average) Transportation: no clue... appreciate advice on this one... the overnight bus looked like a good way to save on a hotel though. Rail pass looked pretty expensive, considering the longest pass is like 3 weeks, and I dont want to be in a hurry to go from place to place. Other fun stuff: $2000 Travel insurance: $160  Total: $5500 + transportation cost + a flexible $2000 on other stuff = $7500 + Transportation.  The "other fun stuff" im using to include things like going to an onsen, sight seeing, etc. Id be fine dropping 1or maybe 2 more thousand if it is really worth it, although i want to try and keep my budget under 10k
WOW! Only watched up through Accommodation and this video is packed with a comprehensive overview on the subject. Hats off, Chris!
Last year, JAL was offering domestic flights in Japan for foreign passport holders at $49 each way.
I was so pleasantly surprised with how cheap going to Japan was for me...I know many people who spend way more on shorter trips that are domestic in the USA.
Me as a Hong Konger: Holy shit everything is so affordable but with much much higher quality
Ok.. decided not to go Japan.. too expensive !! My budget could only last me 3days!😅
Thank you very much for your and your teams hard work!
YES!!! I have to try these capsules- with Natsuki as my neighbor.
Thank you for this, very informative ☺️
my favorite part was chris talking about how the most luxe version of shinkansen travel from tokyo to sendai is $127 one-way   those of us who have ever booked the amtrak acela between boston and new york are laughing/sobbing
God, i miss Pocari sweat. And the 9% chuhis lol
Dont forget to bring food an alcohol with you on the shinkansen! I felt so silly the first time i road on one, and everyone around me was enjoying beer and bento, but i had nothing 😂
Gotta always have the impromptu rap session lol
The JR East Pass is excellent value imo, i went from Tokyo all the way to Aomori and back using it
I did two separate months backpacking in Japan. I spent less than $3000 CAD first time, though that was DEFINITELY a budget trip. I spent about a thousand dollars more the second time and obviously had more fun
Japan has been my "save up for a once-in-a-lifetime" target for a long time, so I'm stunned that it's so (comparatively speaking, of course) affordable. Picking just a few places to visit over a 14-day trip must be one of the most difficult planning steps...
Very honestly need a abroad in japan travel agency 😭 i would hire your team asap
still cheaper than disney XD
All that plastic for 1 banana when it already comes in a yellow case 😅
Flight aside....   that is the issue...  the yen might be "dirt cheap" , airfare has gone up a TON.  I used to have options enough around 600 € with solid airlines, these days it's a struggle to get anything under 900 for questionable flights..
Sorry @abroadinjaoan your full of crap about the JR pass is not value for money.  Simply you've not had one and not entitled to one but simply you obviously have no clue of things the pass gets you such as FREE ACCOMMODATION.  you use to provide great info but lately you've gone down the bullshit American style of U factual crap
I think it's a large misconception that japan is expensive to visit. It's definitely much cheaper than Hawaii
Going now in Mach to april. Cant wait
Perfect timing, my man. Headed there for my first trip ever, solo, in 3 weeks. So all advise is welcome!
Can't wait! Luv the vidz 🤘 ✈ 🗾 🌟
16:05 Cameo by Ryotaro
I would love to see you explore the underground music scene. In the US, we have house shows, unheard starting bands in bars and other venues and several outlets. I havnt been able to find much in the way of coffee bars with your local acoustic act or venues with rock bands and so on. The big artists are one thing but the level with hobbyists and up and coming bands has to be fun
Loved the tips! Thanks, Chris! Unfortunately, including flights from my country to Japan, makes it unfeasible for me and my wife to travel atm. But it's good to have a reference video for when it becomes possible to us. Keep doing what you're doing!
The biggest expense when coming to Japan isn't the accomodation or even the flights, it's the Pokemon cards
Connor watching this and just getting more angry that he gets the shit end
Really appreciate this video. Japan has been a long time travel goal, and a breakdown like this is helpful in showing how to make it affordable.
Hey Chris, there is an earthquake at a magnitude 5.6 (JMA: 5.8) in Fukushima, Did the earthquake feel at ur home?
The big mac index is genuinely a good metric.
At the beginning, half the price, but twice better made usually.
22:03 i think there are very few tourists who fly to japan just for disneyland that would be the last thing i would think of going to japan😅
24:39 BARS
Is Natsuki sober nowadays? His energy has shifted quit a lot. Good for him if that's the case!
Round trip Airfare for 2 is well over 4 grand.  Prolly spend at least another 4-5 grand during 2 weeks stay.   Better budget 10k at least.
Best thing I recommend anytime you’re staying in Japan book an Airbnb cheap and awesome 😋
Japan is soo cheap now!!!
Embarrassed about how many times I rewatched the beatbox clip
I wanted to visit Japan for a decade and I have so many places bookmarked on google maps. One of the things I really want to experience is the food. Sadly, I got diagnosed with a chronic illness and cant eat gluten which significantly limits my traveling options as some countries don't have restaurants catered to my specific diet and it's really a pain in the ass trying to figure out what and where I can eat while trying to have a relaxing vacation. So idk how im going to pull off my trip food wise but I hope there are some gf restaurants and bakeries. I finally started saving up money and learning Japanese ❤
Informative and great humour 🎉🎉🎉
Noted! I'm going to Tokyo in September, so this will be useful to reference. Thanks
The bohemian era was interesting but I'm glad it's over, good haircut 😊
I don't even know why I'm watching this. I'm never going to able to visit. I guess I just like your videos and guests, Chris.
I was in Japan in 2016 and it was honestly the best holiday of my life. I’d love to go back.
Japan, the country in my bucket list
I love getting a little taste of my trips to Japan watching your videos. Seeing all the footage of the shops/countryside and all the basic items (konbini food and dollar store items) immediately light up all my own memories of those things and make me feel like I'm there again. A nice little (free) vacation snack!
I’ve been in Japan and it’s definitely affordable things that you can do. I stayed in Saitama and between accommodations and other miscellaneous expenses I didn’t even spend over 2000$ in one month.
Obrigado!
You should go to Tokyo Disney and Tokyo Universal studios and review for us! ♥️
I fart and snore way to loud for one the capsule hotels.
the most expensive part is the plane ticket especially from the US
The flight from Canada is $2300 😭😭😭😭😭
then plane tickets are like the same price as you spend there
I love how Natsuki knows just enough English to be hilarious.
Great video! Planning on going for a 3 week trip and I havent been in japan in a few years so its really helpful!
17:45 I see Pocari Sweat! The best drink in the world!
Waiting to board to Japan
I want to see you make a video of Right wing Japanese nationalist that despise foreigner
Lmao still can’t afford it. 😂 😞
For foreigners, JAL and ANA there is passes for people visiting the country where you can do a way trip for 14,300, which helps you with frequent flier miles if that’s tickles your fancy.
The only problem I see on using planes insteqd of the shinkansen, is that at least in the beggining of the trip, once you get down from a 12/14 hr flight, you dont really want ride one at least until you go back home lol
My fiance and I are planning our honeymoon in Japan with a bunch of friends, so this got me more excited to plan for it with the information you've provided! Thank you for all the research you do and advice to us viewers!
My holidays in Europe in total are 1k with the plane tickets, Including fancy restaurants for 4 nights
I only ever use my credit card points to get discounted plane tickets, as many have mentioned this is typically the biggest hurdle. I know it's not some crazy hack or anything, but after racking up a few years worth of points it can significantly reduce the prices depending on how much you use your card in your daily life. Also, not advocating for getting yourself into credit card debt, please be responsible.
So what about driving between citys? Im deply into authentic food, so i want to go to Osaka, Hiroshima, Tokyo and Fukuoka
Now if the RT flight was only reasonable!
Wow. I have friends who can afford to go anytime they want, but they’re waiting on me to save up money for the trip, and I feel so discouraged that I’ll never have enough. This actually made me very hopeful that I can do this. Especially at the end, when you figured up the total for the “standard” trip and it was significantly less than I expected.
Now I have to find the $2000 to fly there.
The bit at 24:40 was priceless 😂
How do you book the flight over the volcano?
Jr pass is worth it if you are doing a 14day trip starting in the north of Japan and ending in the south end.
Chrispecker :)
I am suprised anyone rarely talks about renting a car. We're going to Japan with 3 people and to be fair, that seems to be the most affordable way to get around Japan in our case.
at 23:45  3000 yen for skytree? comparing that to the one world observatory from NYC, that sounds like a bargain.  that one was 67 dollars or so when i went there september 2023
Man I need someone like you two for my trip to Japan in October....granted I'll be near Nagasaki for most of it so a lot of the places on here are a big maybe...still a very nice video.
It's strange hearing an Englishman doing a fake English accent.
JAL has the Explorer Pass for foreigners to travel within Japan at a really cheap price. ANA also has something similar. I just had three flights domestically using JAL, and the fare includes baggage, so there is no need to revert to any of the budget airlines. Also don’t overlook the ryokans! I just stayed in a beautiful one near Gotanda Station for 8000 per night.
That Rail Pass bit had me laughing in stitches since I can relate so much XD
I've been buying yen for some months now, preparing for my Japan trip next year.
Important notice.  SUICA does not use NFC, it uses Felica. Felica Chips are only available in Phones inside Japan.  Foreign smartphones can not use Mobile SUICA (Neither Android, nor iOS) due to the lack of Felica Chip (which is a variant of NFC but not compatible with the NFC in your phone).  Trust me, i tired 5 Smartphones (including two from Sony) and non of them work. The App just says your Phone is not supported.  Bought an Sharp Aquos Sense 7 --> instantly worked.  Even not all Smartphones sold inside Japan have an Felica Chip. You have to check for "Saifu" support when buying one (especially chinese ones often don't have it)  And this difference is true even for Google Pixel. When you buy a Google Pixel in the Japanese Google Store, it does have an Felica chip. Buy the exact same Smartphone in the US Google Store, "Your phone is not supported", no Felica chip.
If I'm the Sushi&Wagyu Samurai place owner, I'm coming for your ass
This feels like it could have been a whole series.
My wife and I just came back from Japan, and we were honestly shocked when we *returned* to the US at how expensive everything now seems here. In Japan, at Saizeria we ate a full dinner with wine (that was actually drinkable) for $10 *total* for two people, and that was out the door. Even a cheap chain restaurant in the US costs us about $40 for a similar meal and that's not always even including tip. It was the same everywhere in Japan - we never spent more than $40 at even nice restaurants. Groceries, similar story. Japan is now dirt cheap, probably not even just due to the yen, but inflation in other countries as well. My wife (who is from Japan) is now seriously talking about us moving back there for cost reasons alone. It has become a cheap country compared to the west.
Introverted you say? That's the place for me.
hey 9Hr capsules are not that bad.
From dog to god
The big expense for most who aren't from Asia is getting there. Flights are not cheap, especially from Europe, where detours around Russia have bumped up costs. When you are there though, it's cheaper than staying in European and US cities.
Wow, this breakdown is incredibly helpful! I've been dreaming of traveling to Japan but always thought it was too expensive. After watching this, I feel much more confident about planning a budget-friendly trip. Thanks for all the great tips!
Ah, you are still alive....
This video made me feel like I could visit japan without having to sell a kidney in the process. Thanks Chris!
Was that 5 star luxury $1000 a night?
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
More people really need to know about regional JR passes. If you stay in Osaka/Kyoto and stick to the Kansai region, you can get a 5-day Kansai-Hiroshima pass for 17,000 yen, which also lets you use the fastest bullet train on the line. Similar deals are available too if you stay in Kyushu, Tohoku, etc. If you don't mind skipping out on Tokyo, it's a great deal.
Best video so far! Excellent filming and editing!
I didn't find Japan that expensive, living in an overpriced Canada. My first trip only set me back about $2,000 Canadian which is about $1,500 American, including the round-trip, a decent hotel in Shinjuku, and a week in Tokyo. Having said that, I didn't do any fine dining, much shopping, or get a JR pass. On my second trip, I was spending more liberally, doing shopping, getting a JR pass, and doing more fine dining like Kobe beef which in itself cost me $170. I still ended up under $2,200 American. If I stayed in hostels which I can't I would have saved even more.
I was in Japan in 2016. Food was really affordable. Combini food, family restaurants and anything where locals eat...
lol the futile attempt at covering up your hickie
Is it just me, but do I hear the AC loudly for 27:00 onward?
I walked 700 miles across Japan over 30 days and it cost waaay less. I slept anywhere, camped, the street, hostels, internet cafes. Food was absurdly cheap. Internet cafes came with showers, soda, etc. hostels were often 5-15$ a night and sometimes you'd get a whole room and CRT TV to yourself. The key to spending light is getting out of Tokyo.
I think that eating in Japan depends on what you're willing to eat. Ok, let's say I am visiting Thailand, I want to eat Thai food that is what I ate there. I went to Italy and I ate Italian food.  When I went to Germany, I had German food. I'll leave the UK out of this line of thought, except that I rather like some pub foods at certain pubs in London but there are better in Dublin (yes, I am aware that the UK does not include Ireland) but it is good in Belfast too. In Tokyo, if you're looking forward to Japanese cooking, especially meats that $1,000 will run out before you finish two weeks. But you don't have to eat at convenience stores. I never rush to a "konbini" when I arrive in Japan except to get my iced green tea. I know that Brits think that cold tea is an abomination but us Yanks rather like it. Many restaurants will serve you iced tea until you leave and then some will give you a take out cup of it. Not so in Japan. I go for my favorite ramen shops (which is really from China). Even for Japanese it can be hit or miss for good value. BTW, in my opinion, Kobe beef is not the best premium beef. Sorry I could not be of better help.
your password is 12345 also? Wow thats the same as my matched luggage.
Oh a new vid ! Been a while
Is Sushi & Wagyu Samurai like Samurai Delicatessen?
Great video, planning on a trip to japan in september flying into hiroshima them traviling up to toyko stopping at osaka and nagoya. that's good tips on the traviling and the suica card, shame the train pass is not worth the price anymore it was great last time i went.
2 weeks on 1k?! That's living large for me
Wait Natsuki knows Major Tom? Nice.
Great guide. Couple of things to add that may be of use to people.  At least one side of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government building is open most of the time, but both are closed on the first and third Tuesday of every month. Many other places have similarly odd schedules. As you may be in different cities, or even different areas within big cities like Tokyo or Osaka only for a short time, be sure to check the opening times in advance as much as possible.  Eating cheaply is surprisingly easy, however while it's nice to be spontaneous, it can be difficult to judge a place from the outside, and sometimes it may not be obvious how expensive it is. Some fantastic places are also totally invisible from the street (on high floors etc). Much as you would at home, you can easily book a sit down lunch or dinner in advance over the internet at many places, but crucially you can often choose (and pay in advance for) a set menu when you book. This avoids a lot of awkwardness, any surprise costs, and largely negates the language barrier as you do not even have to order. I wouldn't suggest trying to book every meal, not least because it's fun to try out your Japanese, but if you are on a set budget and want to guarantee you eat well for a price you can afford, this is a great option.  Yes it is cheap to go to baths and even many onsen, but be aware that tattoos are still taboo in Japan due to their association with organised crime. You will be asked to cover any tattoos in many places, and if you have many you may not be admitted at all. If you are heavily tattooed it might be a good idea to skip any public bathing, or check in advance with the place if possible.   Finally, yes the JR pass is now a rip off. Suica cards are basically impossible to get hold of, but absolutely are the best way to travel. The tourist versions are also not very available right now, and are only available from specific places when they are (like you could not get one at Narita last time I checked), so do your research in advance and be prepared to pay cash for tickets at least for a while. IIRC you also cannot charge a Suica card using a credit card, cash only, so be ready for that. If you have an iPhone you can use the virtual card, however, the vast majority of Android phones (at least from outside of Japan) do not have the necessary hardware to work with their turnstiles, and will not work!
I've not been on holiday abroad in..... about 19 years. Kinda just didn't have the money when I was younger and then when I felt more financially secure felt weird and nervous about going alone. Still do a bit but I think this year I'm finally going to go and this video has given me some ideas. I think I always thought of it as a £5000 thing or something, even the amount you mention in the 14 day itinerary video seems pretty reasonable.
went to japan this summer for 2 weeks on a $1000 budget and was surprised at how cheap things were considering how everyone i talked to before going had the idea that tokyo was an incredibly expensive place (which it still is if you know where to look) but its something i cant recommend enough people go and experience if they have the time and money someday
Planning to go back in 2026 on a phat trip after going for the first time back since 2015 on what was the BEST ever holiday. EVER. The travelling tips will defnitely help me plan ahead. Appreciate the video mate!
I saw they are many aribnb which if u are group of lets say 4 or so and split it its the cheapest option ...
Keep promoting Japan and tourist will make it even more expensive .. some shops at Outer Tsukiji and Toyosu are charging crazy price recently .. no problems for tourist it’s  the real locals that suffer cause their average salary is so low
Why would anyone want to go on vacation and stay somewhere with less privacy than they get at home? Capsules and hostels make no sense to me.
haha dang ^^
Hi Chris, awesome video! I was wondering, how easy is it for a foreigner with little-to-no Japanese speaking/reading skills to travel the country? Especially if you also want to see the countryside? Is a phone with Google Translate good enough, or would you recommend staying in the larger cities where the language barrier probably isn't as big?
10 days Osaka I spent: Hotel 600 CHF, Flight 800 CHF, Food 1000 CHF, Rest 600 CHF aka. 3000 CHF... BUT WORTH IT!!!!!! ❤ Daisuki Japan!!!
This video is insanely helpful thankyou 😁
Accomodation prices might be currently a little lower, but once the tourist season comes back in-full, prices will increase twice and availability decrease to almost nothing but leftover business hotels. When I was traveling last year sept/october, it was a real research months before(and then sniping offers just before due date) to find something that is not ridiculously overxpensive, especially on the eastern eurpean pocket.  That said, thanks to low yen, it was still acceptable cost of the very fun trip, that will probably take again few years to save up for again.
When I was in Japan last September I was somewhat surprised how much money I had left. Granted all of my accommodations were paid early and I could have definitely found cheaper places to stay but it was still incredibly affordable. Hoping to go back for 2 weeks in 2025.
it's funny how you put a 'light lunch' at 923 yen at 18:12, when you can go to 餃子の王将 and get a full set for like what, 600 yen?
Tempting. Tempting.
90$ for a box is just taking the piss
Ah the Shibuya Sky Tower.  I got, a little too drunk there while in Tokyo last month. And had to make the trek from Shibuya all the way back to Asakusa when I did.  I went with a budget of around £1800 not including flights or accomodation (£1.7k total). Had an amazing time between Tokyo and Osaka!
My door locker held with duct tape😂
Videos like this where Chris is talking about a specific topic are honestly my favorite videos on the channel.  The travel videos can be fun, but these always feel like a better "glimpse" of Japan to me.
This is literally the perfect video , you answered all the questions I been having & more , definitely will guide me & help me save some money, much appreciated, keep up the good work ❤ 💯
28:58 still a hell of a lot cheaper than disneyworld.
I've been binge watching your videos since my bachelors degree years. Despite your videos being informative, they are pretty entertaining. Thankyou so much.
We're on holiday in Japan at the moment, A few of the places we've visited are because of your videos. Next week we're visiting Maboroshi museum. It was amazing that on our second day (3rd March) in Japan , We came out of Shibuya station and saw you. Thank you for chatting.
Although slightly cheaper now, accommodation in Japan is still ridiculously expensive compared to other destinations in Asia. Not worth it.
I am going in May and we managed to only spend 800€ p.p. for hotels for 19 days :D we just booked the typical business hotels in the cities we visit, only exception is kyoto where we booked a machiya :D
How? Hotel is almost $100 a day
my feet are cold
Just a bit over my monthly salary. Cool.
Every time I watch your videos I love them. Somehow the thumbnails still do not make me klick on them that often. I am not sure why that is.
Thank you Lufthansa staff for going on strike on the day of my trip to Japan.  With no easy alternative I have had to cancel my trip.  I nearly cried when I had to cancel my hotels 21 Nights in 3/4 Star for £600 or $800.  Best advice is book in November for following March/April and May for October/November and ALWAYS choose Free Cancelation because things do change. I may not return as I have been 4 times but will continue watching and no doubt you will persuade me of just one more trip!
"flights aside" yeaaaah, i figured. The cost of the flight alone is usually the main issue still
I would come back to Japan just to eat at combini 🤤
🎉🎉🎉🎉 thank you I owe you love japan sooooh much❤
So I have $10,000 to spend I can basically live like a king for that 14 days in Japan now that's Awesome.🫰😎👍
There has never been a better time to visit for sure
1000€ for 2 weeks, more like 1200€ for both flights 😆
👋🏼 Small struggling Travel Channel here. I love your content, thanks for this great video! You inspire me to keep grinding my channel, maby one day I’ll grow as big as you 🥲
NO WAY TO BAN CHU HI DRINKS!!!!! 😩
Lookin to visit n love your Youtube - learn so much n been a fan for years - Natsuki and Ryokan are brilliant !
Honestly, living here has showed me that japan is totally a place you could come, spend weeks in, and leave all on the same budget as a few days at Disneyworld
Air Fair is expensive, but visiting Japan, yeah, it's cheap. I was there in January. But I did go to Wrestle Kingdom and some Noah events, so I'm not putting that in the mix. I was there for three weeks and spent a total of $1850 American dollars, not including the events. However, I did get some great prices on hotels and stayed with a few friends when I went to Nara and Kyoto.
24:39 So when's the full version of this absolute banger gonna drop?
I'm leaving for Japan on March 24th  I'm going for 3 weeks,, Thanks for the Video
Our group of 5 recently stayed at a Mimaru hotel and we absolutely loved it! Absolute recommendation to anyone traveling with a small friend group
I was just in Japan a week ago, and the Welcome Suica cards have been limited since December. Fortunately, I had my Suica card from last year, and there were signs showing you could get them at a few large stations, despite the shortage. For Mobile Suica or PASMO, it should work on iPhone with Apple Wallet, but unless your Android phone was made for the Japanese market, it probably doesn't support Osaifu-Keitai and won't work as a transit IC card.
I am saving this video if we ever get the chance to travel to Japan with my wife and kids.
18:17 Get yourself a partner who holds you like Chris holds his FamilyMart chicken.
So glad you did this video! Ever since our trip last year we’ve been de-bunking this myth that Japan is so expensive. It can be if you want it to be, but it can be totally reasonable as well!  Personal favorite for Tokyo lodging would be Hotel New Otani (the main) as a great western style hotel in Tokyo with some rooms having a Hinoki bath tubs :)
A single bottle of coca cola is $2.29 here (Kansas, USA)! 😦 I can't remember the last time single bottle soda was under $2.
I've been jaded by the cost of travel in the US. I'm hearing all the high-end prices and think hey that isn't too bad... sigh.
that looked like what we call a 20oz bottle in america and at least where i live with heavy taxing on sugary beverages, that was actually cheaper. funny, the health concisous country that japan is according to your videos and they dont tax sugary drinks to death.
Amazing video! Will soon show my parents who, after my visit, also want to go!  One small yet nice addition to your video would be the cost of food inside Disney/Universal! It was stupid cheap for food inside a park. I think I remember paying something like 10euros for 2 curries, karaage and 2 big melon soda!
I am very surprised that you referenced the Big Mac Index instead of just currency exchange rates. Don't think many people other than economists know about it. I just hope that PPP holds by October/November this year when I plan to travel to Japan.
I just want to shop at Surugaya, Gamers, Animate, see a PreCure character show, go to Puroland, Sailor Moon museum, eat at a Maid Café, and then anything else anime related but eat low sodium at local izakaya eateries (support the small guys over large chains when possible). I'll opt for a decent hotel with beds.
You know you've made it when you can have Khruangbin on your soundtrack. Classy
Japan is very cheap, outside of Tokyo, where the best places are anyway. Getting there is exceptionally cheap for me in North Australia as well, usually under $400 for a round trip!
Could you please calculate the cost for a family as well the next time you do a video like this?
well you certainly peaked my interest i have a 22 yer old son with aspergers who like anima and i donbt have much but its inspired me to try and set up a holiday ther e he would love it, although im not very good at organising these things but i can just about get 3k together for this trip this year
I've been three times. And found it super cheap besides flights.   I think it was around $2k AUD for three weeks. Including flights from Australia. My last time there in 2019.
Was that Mario kart race going on the background
You dont need to stay in the center of tokyo, in fact one of my favourite things about tokyo is riding the trains.
I think I stayed in the standard business hotel room in this video 🤣
I'm heading there next week for 25 days and am SO EXCITED 😊
honestly even when we wnt in 2017 it wasnt that bad. we stayed in cheap air bnbs and even though we ate out every meal we didnt go for ultra expensive meals (aside from one kaiseki as a treat). we definitely expected to spend way more based on what everyone was saying!
Still unsure wether to take the night bus or train. I'm a light sleeper so maybe bus is bad idea?
I'd pay good money for a Natsuke album of Bowie covers.
Amazing and informative video. I always wanted to know how much Japan would burn through my wallet in case I decided to visit one day.
The problem is the flight alone is already around 2k from the US
I’m planning on going once I graduate University in a few months. This greatly helps! You’re the best Chris!
A coke bottle is around 3.50cdn with the taxes
Went for a 6 week budget tier trip in 2018 and 3 week standard tier trip in 2023. The difference was mostly in food, I would say eating on budget for 6 weeks decreases the variety of dishes and although cheap options were still very tasty, things started to repeat. I imagine for 14 day it is not really a problem, but I do recommend going more budget tier on hotels/hostels and spend more money on delicious food:)
This pretty useful, I had many times wanted to estimate how much it would take to spend that much time there. Of course it depends on what you intend to do in this time, but this gives a pretty good frame of reference I think.
I have been to Japan twice. Japan, while as expensive as you want it to be, is rather inexpensive for day to day stuff if you are on a budget. It is the actual traveling that is the bulk of the cost. Round trip flights for me in Canada were just over 2k last time, and the JR pass was another $400. Other than that, hotels, food, transit, you can really squeeze a lot out of a little on those expenses.  Extra: We were able to get a hotel close to a train station which was a stop away from Tokyo Station, and it was something like $35 a night. Not the most comfortable, but for just sleeping, it was more than fine. We also rented a house in Osaka for a week, and split between 3 people it was something like $150 for the week per person. Transit is negligible, and you can often eat a decent meal for 600-1200 yen, or around $10 CAD on average I even went to watch a baseball game at Tokyo Dome for around $20 CAD. I probably spent twice as much on the plane ticket and JR pass than I did on daily expenses + extras for 3 weeks.
What do people think about renting a car to get around Japan? Semi-affordable?
I'm currently saving to eventually visit Japan
Btw I recently read a study on hotel room water cookers... And it was disgusting. It seems like in their study they found the same bacteria in them as you would in your underwear so much so that they assume around 10 % of these water cookers were probably used in an attempt to clean underwear. You know instead of asking the staff for a cleaning service or finding a Laundromat. Saving a few bucks was more important.  Also hotels seldom get them cleaned or descaling it from lime.
Japan was always my dream, I thought it just stays my dream, this video just make me realize is not as expensive as I thought, most of the things are cheaper then in UK and Sapporo beer is one of my favourites for little bit over a pound, that's wicked coat me here £3.50 a can and that strong zero with 9%you made me laugh, definitely want four of them now. Japan see you next year, as this year holiday already booked in. Thanks a lot for this video!!!!
Algo boost
Damn that video was more helpful than I would’ve expected even. Thank you
Great informative video. It is very helpful!! Thank your very much Chris!!
Natsuki has such great sense of humor compatible with western humor
This is good news for me, I want to go to Japan in the near future and stay 5-6 weeks, and if it;'s 1000 bucks per 2 weeks I can actually do that. and the standard trip, with 1000 a week is what I expected, so if I go in  between for a longer trip I will be fine.
I do really wanna visit one day. It definitely seems like a great place to dedicate a 2-3 week vacation but even as an American those prices jump up quickly. One day..
I eventually want to travel to Japan for 1-2 weeks to see a few places and having a few days to explore some locations.  Great video!
3m subscribers! 🎉
Just thought I'd add some context from a brit, here you'd be looking at paying grand class prices for standard class on a similar distance journey, it's all about perspective.
As someone who's visited Japan 10 times. Japan is NOT expensive at all. And I wasn't just eating convenience food and staying in cheap hostels/capsule hotels. Not saying their bad, but there are plenty of great hotels under $75. You can find great restaurants every block for under $10. Train/subway passes are super cheap.
I want to travel to Japan but I don't know when it will going to be possible.
Great going Chris! This might be the definitive video to show anyone considering a first trip.
I'm travelling in June. 2 weeks but we're staying in Tokyo and will travel to other cities and such as full day trips as and when needed. We're getting rail passes due to this as it just saves us money but we're gonna have £1000 each as expenditure.
This video looks sooo good, cinema quality
Anyone know which Teppanyaki place that is on the video?
Big tip - Do not waste your time and money lining up for Ichiran Ramen, or only doing so knowing it is fundementally a tourist trap that few locals ever go to. Find yourself a local, showa era ramen joint and enjoy what ramen is supposed to be, basic, cheap, filling and relaxed. These kinds of shops are literally everywhere across japan. You won't pay more than 800JPY for a bowl, even with all the toppings and it will blow ichiran out of the water most of the time.
I’ll be going in less than 30 days to stay for around 6 weeks. Super helpful!
Today, with this video I learned that Chris can beatbox
great vid, thanks broad san. side note: love the book too, great inspo for my trip in a may!
9.20 Is there a kanji for 'dont do it in the hot tub???'
I spent it all on a $1000 bottle of Suntory Hibiki 30-years old.
is that the Godzilla Hotel below?
I just came back from my 2 week trip to japan, after skipping school to do it. I spent all of my week in Tokyo, doing 6-7 things a day and having the time of my life - and not including all the money i spent at donki, it was probably around 400 pounds. Ate the best food of my life, spoke to the kindest people, did the stupidest things, and had the most fun I've ever had. If you're wondering whether to go to Japan or not and money is the issue - spend first and think later! If worst comes to worst, you can dream about the metro line jingles as you lay homeless on the streets of London. 10/10, would recommend!
Was able to get great deal for sliggtly smaller room in Kobe for around 80eur/night. Worth it!  Suica card is not that great, useless West of Tokyo.
LMAO I went to Japan in Oct 2023 and we visited all 3 of the locations (and more!) that Chris mentions at 11:50 . We did it over 2 weeks, so we weren't exactly speedrunning, but I still feel a little called out lol
great video as always! this might be a bit pedantic from my side or may be fault of my own laziness but could you maybe also include the converted Euro prices in future next to the Dollar and Pound Sterling amounts; it's always confusing looking at them and having to guess during the watch that it is somewhere inbetwen the other two especially for larger sums. (And yes I am aware that it is impossible to include every single currency but I would guess that you probably have a lot more viewers living in the Eurozone than in Great Britain for example; sorry for bottering you haha)
Japan has never been expensive, coming from Australia it's always been super affordable. Have been in and out since 2012 and comparatively speaking of taking a holiday across the country vs Japan it's been close to half the price every time... Maybe Australia is extremely expensive which I know is true for a lot of things...
the grandclass ticket price is still cheaper than the woodclass train ticket from stuttgart - berlin xD
Me and my brothers just came back from 16 day trip in Japan.  Japan on discount!
Me and my fiancée went to Japan from uk last summer and planned a 32 day trip for just over £7000 between the two of us. This included everything like plane tickets, accommodation, jr pass and everything we wanted to do! Luckily the yen was really low compared to the £ but it really wasn’t as expensive as I first thought. We managed to get a 7 day stay at a henna hotel one stop away from akiharbra for £220 for the week .
As I have just returned from our five week Japan trip, this video bought a tear to me eye... I WANNA GO BACK!!
Tip for everyone out there you should try doing multiple stops  tickets they are usually cheaper for the inconvenience
3:50 david bowie reference🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥
One method of transport that's worth considering is overnight ferries. Osaka to Kyushu overnight via the Seto Inland Sea means smooth sailing, with the benefit of travel and accommodation rolled into one, like the night bus, only much more roomy.
I went from Tokyo to Kawazu to Nagano to Okayama to Hiroshima to Fukuoka and back to Tokyo in 7 days so my JR Pass was incredibly worth it. I stayed for another 5 days in Tokyo and went to Yokohama where IC cards became much more convenient and better compared to JR Passes.
Honestly don't go to a conbini for a meal it is way too overpriced. Go to a supermarkey, they have way more to choose from for much less the price. I don't know why no one ever metions this🤷‍♂️
A small beef bowl in Ottawa, Canada costs no less than $16...
Can anyone tell me where Chris got the 29500 yen price for JR rail pass? Online it says 50000 yen.
I'm super excited I'll be there in July and can't wait to experience the culture, food, and sights. I plan on hiking Fuji
I really wish the U.S. had Chu-Hi. I can't find it anywhere.
The And& (could be &And, and can’t quite remember) is one of the best dorm like hostels to stay at in Tokyo! I HIGHLY recommend it!! Was one of my favorite places we stayed. The staff is so incredibly nice and welcoming.
My fear of hights  would not like the skyscrapers  type of hotel.
never go to Tokyo, so much more and better if you get away from that rat of a city.
I like your orange and white/black color theme choice :)
You spend a night in a luxury hotel with Natsuki to do sth nice for him and construct an entire video on budget(???!?!?) travel around it?!?! That's very counter intuitive. And the vibe was a little too "public service announcement" throughout the video. Your videos are extremely well made now, but despite the tiny little Natsuki interlude, this one was also too sterile. And that is high praise coming from a self proclaimed world class germophobe like myself. I think a little more of a personal touch would go a long way. If you could be more vulnerable again. Or more playful and silly. You have become too immaculate.
Tokyo Govt building was also my first stop when I arrived early 2020.
Bro, cdawgvirgina is crying right now. 😂😂😂. Where is his luxury accommodation. Lmao
Almost 3 million subscribers...let's get him there!
I would be fine with a capsule as long as it's 100% sound proof.
I've already been to Japan and done most of these things but I still watched the whole video :D I love watching you and Natsuki goof off!
Japan Rail Pass is a rip off. Never was worth it.
Visiting end of Sept. Good info to know.
I went November 2023 and January 2024 and Omg it was sooooo cheap!
Would you recommend renting a car in Japan? Outside of Tokyo of course
Hmmm guess imma still save up 4.5k euros for 2weekw
Chris, Natsuki, get a cpap, mates.
its crazy that japanese money and my countries money are at the same exchange rate. im from a third world country
Nobunaga Oda😂😂😂😂😂
I'll be living in Japan for a study abroad semester. While my dorm is $200 a month for my own room, buying food to cook for myself will probably be a pain...
A egg sandwich at my local grocery store costs $7 CND....
I found it very affordable in 2019, but the major issue now is how expensive the flights are now you can't go over Russia. I paid £550 return before, it's at least twice that now it seems.
thank you :) Japan is now the next on my bucket List :3
I still cant afford to go because of bidenomics. U.s. seems have fund wars wars wars for the big guy.
Hello Chris! When you're talking about accommodation, are you referring the price per night or per week in all of the examples?   Funnily enough, i booked an airbnb flat for myself for £56/night incl. Taxes and fees for 21 days from late april to early may. I love my own space and silance but im starting to wonder if i made the wrong choice. Problem is that they will take a % back for cancellation 😢
i'm already saving to come for 3 weeks in june 2025. wanna go to tokyo, kyoto and osaka, each one week. it will be my first time in japan :) , after seeing the summary's i think i might be able to handle the more expensive things :)
As compared to Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand travelling to japan. Japan is like a tourist maze instead of a trap 🤣😂 *But you need to ignore the JR stuff though it's obviously forcing us to pay more thus the super increase*
Considering the cheapest flights to Japan from where I live have multiple stops, 30 hour flight there (not including waiting for the next plane), and still costs $2000 for a there and back. Well, I'd say these videos on enjoying a trip without emptying my bank account are helpful
"A trip to Japan isn't as expensive as you might think"  I'm leaving April 29th. I spent $4,500 CAD on the flight for me and my wife. Another $4,000 on hotels for our 17-day stay. Then there's the $2,000 CAD for the JR pass. Before any activities that's $10,500 CAD ($7,785.13 USD) for a 17 day stay.
Thank you so much for this information, I’ve booked flight and accommodation together, so I just need save up for spending, I’ll be staying in asakusa and I’ve already drawn up a price list for the 12 days I’m there, I’ll try to visit Osaka for a day trip, hopefully the bullet train won’t be too expensive 😅
Last year me and my mom got lucky. It was a national holiday so entry to shinjuku park was free 😁
I'd love to go back on a shorter trip to Nagoya.... maybe next year
15:06 You most likely won't be able to use these apps on Android phones not purchased in Japan
just booked my flight from the london to tokyo and managed to get a return trip for £480 in april/may with china airlines
This vid title would need the addition “at this moment” or the year 2024, but of course it’s not there. Anyway I’m also enjoying the exchange rates 😅.
This video came few months late for me since I went on November of last year. Although I still learned alot.  At around 30,000 yen for train travel (300 dollars) it is worth it simply because it takes away the worry of train travel. I also traveled to various locations far from Tokyo like Kyoto. As I learned, you can just get a Suica or Pasmo card AND you can just swipe the card without gettting a ticket into any train (mostly)..... Still, it helps whenever you get into the wrong train ride if you have the JR Rail Pass.                The JR rail pass is limited to certain locations (if you are planning on going to more secluded areas the Pass wont cover it)   I REALLY reccomend getting the "Travel Japan" app as it tells you the exact locations and times of trains for your travel, making you worry even less. (including changed schedules due to maintenance).  My only mistake which costed me double in price (regular price tbh) was renting hotels a few days before arriving to Japan. If I checked out a hotel months in advanced I would have gotten regular hotels for less than 50 dollars! and GOD a you saw 6:05 these hotels were a blessing regardless. I am a small guy so I fit perfectly in these hotels. All standard hotels are VERY clean, some might smell like cigarette but overall they are all extremely clean.   Food was really good as someone who does not like fast food restaurants. The convenience stores offer various nutritious  foods for less than 15 dollars per day. Spent about the same on restaurants and got to try raw meat (not sure if I was suppose to cook it or not but I ate it).   Attractions were mostly free as I went to the tori gate shrine. I also walked a lot into Anime locations and visiting Kyoto animations (Just to take a picture outside the studio). Paid extra since the JR Pass did not cover the locations I was going to such as "Lucky Star" IRL locations (it was very peaceful and quiet) and "Slam Dunk" IRL locations (just as peaceful and lively neighborhoods). I was suprised that the famous train location (Shichirigahama train) from slam dunk was not packed with tourists taking pictures. It was empty, maybe I went too early idk but it was better for me. PLUS I reccomend the Hawaiian restaurant on the sea shore at Sichirigahama. They also speak perfect English and its just good food and good vibes :))  Having all that experience, next time I won't be buying the pass and instead use a passmo/ suica card.
This is perfect since I plan to go to Japan next year :D
The JR Pass is still worth it! No YouTuber has made the effort to show calculations of going to and from Tokyo or Kyoto to all the other major tourist sites over a week. For us it still worked out !!£300!! cheaper with the JR pass price hike than had we booked regional trains or everything individually. That includes Tokyo, Kyoto, Nara, Osaka, Hiroshima, Miyajima and the Nakasendo Trail. Please do your own calculations for these beautiful places 🫶  Also Chris plsss why are you showing wagyu &  50,000¥ townhouses and ryokans on a $1000 in 14 days video
I spent 21000 yen for food in 14 days on my trip. 500 yen gyudon bowls for breakfast, lunch and dinner. On my last day, I blew that 2 times that amount on a Kobe beef lunch. 🤤
i always wondered when i saw Capsule Hotels in videos in the past .... how sound proof are them? I mean, what happens when people snore? Some of them don't even have doors , just a blanket over the entrance.... (i saw one like that in some Turkey airport video)
Just a small critique, should added that the $1000 is without airfare
Would anyone know what song is playing at 8:33 ?
My dream is to save up enough to do a motorbike tour of Japan.  My Fazer Yamaha come home lol
Ha ha ABROAD IN JAPAN WITH CHRISPECKER
Unfortunately a two way economy flight cost alone over 2k€...
when i was in japan last year we got the railpass for 21 Days and a Car for the last 2 Weeks. Trust me if you can drive then get the Car xD.
Also,... Granted I haven't watched the full video yet, but Japan has their own airline called ZIPAIR, ahnd their prices are generally about half as expensive 🤘🤘
I’ll be sure to keep all this in mind as I plan my trip for May.
Absolutely love when YouTubers do these videos, specially in Japan and then find out that they spent $$100.00US OR More on a hotel per night. Wrong, So Wrong, might as well burn the video. I PD $$12.00US for a Big Mac in Tokyo. Absolutely would never ever stay at a capsule hotel, there for cheap Charlie’s. You can find hotels all over Japan for under $$50.00US per night for those few that do there homework and absolutely book in advance. I can even find a 3 star hostel with private bedroom  a 25 minute walk to Kabukicho for $$30.00US per night. Can you do better?? Absolutely best Coke in the world from Japan. Absolutely Outstanding
Is this total per person, or for two people?
i am way too claustrophobic for a capsule hotel
Your standard trip eastimate fits quite well with my experience. Last year I have been to japan für 11 Days and I spent about 3000€ (whichs is about the same in $), but 1300€ of which was the flight, that leaves about 1700€ for 11 days.
you're DAMN right!! royal host is THE BEST famires
Best video so far. Well done and t big THANK YOU for this video
I am going as soon as I can. Watching these, just gets me more excited to go.
Thanks so much for this, Chris.  I want to return to Japan early next year for a new trip but I want to do it more price consciously.  In October 2023 I went to Japan for a big, blowout trip to help me with my depression brought on by some circumstances and dropped $11,000 in three weeks. But it was glorious.  I used a lot of your videos I've watched over the years for inspiration and went up to Morioka to dine at Wakana.  Everyone was so friendly there.  One of the hosts asked how I ended up there and I said I saw your video and he was very happy to show a picture he took with you and Sharla when you dined there outside of your video on Morioka.
It's so fun to notice the stories from Chris's book getting mentioned in the Videos - like with the observation deck story. It's really well written even though it is a bit hard to read at times if English is an foreign language to you.
It's been some years since I last did it, but I found rental cars in Japan quite affordable! I definitely don't recommend it for commuting within big cities, but if you're travelling with 2-5 people and plan to cover longer distances, it's worth checking out. For us, splitting the costs ended up a lot cheaper than Shinkansen tickets per person, with significantly more comfort than taking (night) buses, and we got to see some nice rural spots along the way.
well im fromg ermany the flight already would be fcking expensive so if id go i wouldnt want only the cheapest crap, but to enjoy it >:> . also i dont really get the bullet train stuff there was something about needing 2 seperate tickets for it . unecessarly, complicated , like you need to buy the bullet train ticket (obviously) but then you had to buy some other ticket as well like what? i dont even get it why do you need to pay for 2 seperate tickets instead of simply buying the thing you use there.
I really want to go in 2025 with my friends and this video helps me a lot to give more perspective and how to budget Thank you so much for the pretty in depth video! Gonna come back later when we all have the flight tickets🎉
That little beatbox session was actually pretty tight ngl
The mario kart people driving past in the intro were paid actors 🤔
Mr Chris, what is your favorite currency?
The cost of the ticket to go alone is almost double this lol looked up more flights just to be safe, but from where im at in NY to just about anywhere in japan costs around $2000 I dont even make that much a month.
Coming from Germany the 125$ gran class price is cheap in comparison.
But how do you reserve your shinkansen tickets and seat reservations from abroad if you don't have a jr pass?
It's worth mentioning the Tokyo Subway ticket if you're going to be spending a lot of time in Tokyo as well! The 3 day "72 hour" ticket is only 1500 Yen and you can easily spend that on a single return journey if you're taking a long trip by Subway or Metro in Tokyo. Best of all, you can buy it online with the Keisei Skyliner ticket if you're flying into Narita Airport.
I just want to point out to the attractions section that for example Tokyo is full of free or a few hunded yen tickets museums. When we were there we visited at least 10 of them, they provide a really interesting historical and cultural side of the city, I can definitely recommend them. I think you should also include a few.
Need a nobunaga oda beat boxing music video, that went a little too hard
Some advice on places to stay. Can’t do capsule hotels with no locks or hostels where I have to share a bathroom  SOS
The hotel cost in Tokyo more than my dorm’s monthly fee in sendai. Anyways if your going into province its fuckin cheap
“Grand class is truly a luxury experience” Me, a German, seeing how it’s cheaper than train tickets for an even slightly long journey in 2nd class here, unless you book far in advance: 🥲
I’ve had a PASMO for years. Would people recommend changing to SUICA next time I visit?
I have been to Japan 8 times for a holliday, I spent about(two adults): hotels 15k per day, food 12k per day, transport 2k per day, fun 5k per day.
games arcades are resonably cheap made me laugh slightly......those places get very pricey for those of us that get kind of addicted to crane games and games that you can only play while in japan xD I love this channel though, I personally hate super busy and crowded places so being shown places that are off the beaten track is quite nice  took me this long to see the price difference....even watching previous videos my mind automatically set 100 yen as £1 just to make things easier
Connor must be miffed about not getting an apology trip of his own. xD
flew to japan and back in 2019 for 500 euros, now the cheapest I could find was 880 euros, JR pass is out of the question now, so it's getting more expensive by the year.
I was in Tokyo 2 Days ago at a capsule hotel called "1 night 1980" near Ueno , 5min from Iriya station , it was around 15$ a night. Pretty clean , safe, and the staff very friendly, some of them speak good english
Thanks for the video, this is super helpful. On a side note, don't worry about the traumatic experience in Disneyland, you're not the only one, these days those are quite common across the world 😉
Japan here i come in october
Nice video, thanks 😉
More like Air D'OH! 😓 😄
Watched your video from 2015, finally we're moving to Sendai from Tokyo! Are there any foreigner community in Sendai? Could you please do one video about life in sendai?
Egg saaaaandwich...🤤
Got back the day this was released and it is very cheap atm
Why are so many fruits in Japan always wrapped in wasteful plastic?
Like to see these videos from Chris, and look forward to Visiting Japan the first time this April. So excited!
I mean ignoring the flight for an American is ignoring an over >1000 dollar expense lol. Kinda can't do that
1 week in Japan and I think I bought 20 Pocari Sweats😅
Shinkansen is so overrated. Super expensive and nothing special. Maybe it was before, but now, many countries have bukket trains. For the same journey you pay 100 euros in Japan, you would pay 30 euros in China
20:00 Elegant Natsuki unlocked
Compared to the ridiculous prices of UK trains, the Gran Class from Tokyo to Sendai is an absolute steal!
Cool
Good video. Will use this when I go in March 2025 for the 1st time.
I'm going in June and traveling with a friend from Hokkaido! So, this was awesome timing to review. We have been having a heck of a time figuring out our hotel plans in other areas since neither of us have friends with a lot of knowledge in those areas.
Here is another musical gem ….at the 24:40 mark!! Natsuki creating a beat and Chris jumps right the fuck on it!! Too good!! 😂
The Seaside Top Observation Deck of the World Trade Center Building in Minato-ku is probably the best observation deck I went to. Views all around and hardly any tourists whatever time it was. Think it's closed permanently now though :(
Depends on where you are! I stay in Osaka and when im in Tokyo I stay in Yokohama as it is a little cheaper, but yes it is doable!
Thank you
You look like sylvester stallone in that thumbnail lol great video as always ♡
😂… Natsuki singing the verse , ‘ground control to major tom’… in the capsule hotel scenes….  …’to major tom’  remarkable detail to Bowie’s inflection… Brilliant!😎
I lived on Family Mart chicken, rice balls, strong zero and Yoshinoya for a month traveling on a budget. Loved it every day. Was surprised how little I spent on the trip. Thanks for your videos. I used them as resources.
Thank you! We're visiting Japan for the first time this late August! Appreciate the facts and pros/cons of it and who knows, maybe we will even meet ourselves by mistake!
Yeah... weall be travelling to japan very soon... 😂
That's not Tokyo Disneyland, that's Disneyland Paris 😆
Wish i have the money to even afford thinking of going there. Would be nice being rich and travel where you want and how you want to reach there. Eat the best (and worst) food they can offer. Have fun without worrying  about the cost.
Natsuki looks like an avant-garde director
We came in spring of 2023 and it cost us about $30,000 for a family of 7 plus grandma to stay for 6 weeks.  I think we did alright on our budget considering our length of time and the fact that we got 21 day JR passes for all of us.  That comes out to about $700 a week per person.  We did some fairly spendy excursions to Joypolis (for the kids) and a jaunt up to Hakone (for the adults) too.  We won't talk about how many things were purchased at Yodobashi Camera....but it definitely added to the total.
what site are u booking these places?
Wow Japan is insanely affordable!
Chris, do you have a six pack yet?
I spent 2 months in Japan (Oct & Nov '23) and found Japan to be surprisingly affordable. With the exception of accommodation, everything was a pretty decent price. Food especially was a lot cheaper than expected (except fruit...wow!), there were always great cheap eats available. Would 100% recommend going and I already can't wait to go back and travel North. Thanks as always for this great video, Chris!
Off for my 3rd trip to Japan for vacation.  First time I'll make it to catch sakura season❣️
Looking good Chris, keep it up!
24:39 yoooo this chris / natsuki colab goes hard!!
wide variety of experiences, thanks for categorizing them all!
24:40 🔥🔥🔥
*Being ALWAYS on a budget, I just LOVE capsule hotels so much more, than "normal" hotels !* And there are plenty good once to find there ! For as low as 15 bucks, with food and drinks !!!
Does anyone have any tips for wheelchair accessibility in Japan? I'm terrified of any travel as I'm not sure what wheelchair access is like
Is that tall luxury hotel in Shinjuku the one at the top of Kabukicho Tower? It has great views from even just the floors you can access for free (the ice cream parlor, the movie theater, the bar, etc.)
Unfortunately, I have to attend a wedding in Mexico so my trip to Japan will have to wait. Hopefully next year.
My 5 days in Tokyo (out of 14 days in Japan) ALONE costs more than your premium itinerary. 😅 I wish I had researched budget options more. 😢
So my nephew was stationed in Tokyo for several years until recently. It wasn't uncommon for him to pay $700 for 3 top tier hookers to stay overnight. So if you were all wondering. 😉
First shot, those damn Mario Karts that people in Japan hate. Edit: just went to Japan for the first time in October and it was actually affordable with the plummeting value of the Yen. I'd argue it's probably MORE affordable to spend time in Japan if you aren't from Japan and have stronger currency.
Rudimentary coffee making facilities 😂
"more bang for your buck at a love hotel" hehe I giggled at that.
2019 I survived 3 months for 6000 or so living pretty good
Not sure why this video bombed
Chrispecker = the new mascot of the channel.
ANA and JAL actually do reasonable priced planes for tourists if you book in advance
Unpopular opinion: I don't get why you'd travel all the way to Japan, just to cheap out. Save up and eat more than convenience store lunches and free attractions lol
JUST (1 month) before covid I did my second trip, excluding £500 for flights, the trips cost me £600 and £900 for 14 and 18 days. It was lovely. I went to 3-4 cities each time, did whatever I wanted, breakfast at 7-11 or similar, eating out every day. Decent accommodation always a private room or hotel.
Yes, literally life on Mars.  Everything will be underground and as efficient as possible, made of mostly formed (likely 3d printed on site) plastics.
This honestly makes me reconsider... I have thought for so long that I would never be able to afford it. Of course, travel to Japan is expensive in its own right, but the costs of the country itself truly surprised me!
Who snores like Godzilla ?
Is there room, for you luggae in a capsul room for 1 -2 nights?    thats the reason i dont now if i want to book there.
Honestly thank you fir this insightful video. You must’ve taken a lot of time to research the places, film and edit this video. I feel like you are too good for YouTube
I’m here in Japan right now with my mom visiting because of you! So far we feel very accomplished mastering the subway! Tokyo is overwhelming with all the hidden out of the way places! Today Hakone! Bring it on!
So happy to see a new video on this channel!! I know they take a lot more work and are incredibly expensive, but they do feel like rare treats that show so many incredible locations and your great measure for production value. The only kind of places I'd ever want to stay is Edo period or earlier style Onsens, Ryokans, or samurai houses. I think it's such a waste of travel to go abroad to just do things you can do at home. I want to do something different and unique that embraces the local culture and traditions before they were marred by Western influence.
Natsuki may be the coolest man alive
So, when did you become Rick Steve's Japan?
Grand Class trains still cheaper than standard British on-the-day rail fares! Woooooff
the ticket is already 2000 euro ;(
Japanese currency is very weak! Take advantage!
In Japan right now, been to Osaka, currently in Kyoto and travelling tomorrow to Tokyo for 3 days to end the journey!! Your budget is on point! 😅
yeah the yen is weak and I'd love to come but damn, the flights.. not so much 😄 I guess also because it's so far away for me, I can't justify for coming for a short time and skimping out so it inevitably would end up pretty expensive
“Welcome to my doghouse!” what a legend!
chips for lunch?
Thanks Chris - a really useful guide, with some great tips. We will be there in May. Can't wait!
heading to japan in april this is an amazing video for me
i was pretty surprised with how cheap everything was in my two weeks this past january!   as a big and tall american i only had one night where my feet weren't hanging off the edge of the bed :D but did a combination of cheap and not so cheap accommodations and had a great time!
Thought that I will be saving money by eating at 7/11, turns out that Yoshinoya and others are actually like 30% cheaper
Didn't this video come out 2 days ago, not 1, and wasn't it 57 minutes long originally?
Why you are talking so weird? Kinda aggressive 😅
Plane ticket is $1,500 lmao
thanks, mr. affable!
9 years ago I was in Osaka near the city center (where the big blue LED billboard is) and found a capsule hotel that was inside an onsen. It cost $30 a night, free alcohol free beers all you want and some nights they had this bamboo water slide where they'd put ramen and other stuff into and everyone was standing around and trying to get with their chopsticks. Best experience that I've had staying somewhere and the onsen was really nice with a sauna, multiple baths and a relaxation room with leather seats where you could just chill in the dark. Not sure if it still exists, but worth it if you can find it.
Chrispecker! Oh God, don't say that!
US$1000 2 weeks? Difficult.  Hotel alone per day per person is already more than $50 not counting the prefecture hotel fee per person per night. For  less than Japan's hostel price, Bangkok offers swimming pool, daily housekeeping, bathtub... Of course, Japan's scenery & food are not the same as Thailand. But money is money. $33 for a dog house capsule is... bad.///But Ueno on Agoda is worse with high hotel prices.//I did the JR East pass in 2009. Never had to buy a ticket Just hopped on.//Yeah, the budget airlines ... but they are very strict about the cabin luggage so it's difficult to bring luggage.
totally legit just come home 15 days my ver. cost 1500 dollar incl flight
I just stayed at Mitsui Garden Hotel Otemachi for $135 a night and I'd highly recommend them.
I was able to use my iphone with the suica pass. It was so fun. My fam even would skip the shinkansen and take regular trains across cities. It was way cheaper. Lol
He might've not gotten scammed by the food, but he definitely got scammed by the arcade😂 1 play for taiko and mario kart is often 100 yen, but touristy arcades often raise the cost of 1 credit to 200 yen
as a finn , i could chug anywhere between 12-18 of those strong zero bad boys alone
No mentions of Manga Kissas or airBNB apartments? Sadge! Still very informative video
it's not the stay, it's the trip. getting there is the most expensive part
Holy shiiiii that family markt price is cheap if i would need to get the equivelant here it would be like 15 euro's.
Yesss Chris is back and with the perfect video. Thinking of Going and wanted to keep it under $2000 so this is a huge help
Iv aways wanted to go to Japan but its the flights from the uk its so expensive 😮  any idea who would be the cheapest airline
This is perfect! I just got engaged recently and me and my fiancee both are dying to go to Japan for our honeymoon once we're married. We're both young and don't earn big bucks, so knowing that we can travel around Japan on a budget really puts my mind at ease.
Going this May so this is just perfect timing for this video to come out! Thank you Chris!<3
But where can I get the cheapest and most high quallity Adult entertaiment in Japan???
Pissing myself laughing at Natsuki's reaction to the capsule hotel. 😂
are there vegetarian options available at restaurants in Japan?
Yo, that rap was short but that felt it could be fire!!
Now after “no more volcano” you head it hear first… “Meiji Jingu” their new hit?😂
Business hotels are cheaper than most of Europe
Natsuki seems to be doing the Japanese version of Fear Loathing Las Vegas.
When are you guys going to Okinawa and do food challenge again like noodles bowels...
Wow - what a range!
Absolutely true! In our video about Shopping in Japan we show the best places for all types of pockets :)
I watched that meji jingu beatbox rap like 5 times in a row, it was so good
I was in Tokyo in february and Suica card was not sold at all. Machines that you could get Suica card had the option removed and Ueno station had a big ass poster in japanese that with google translate roughly translated to Suica card is not sold at the moment.
The airplane ride… yes, please!
"I need the door" literally what I said last night when checking out of my capsule hotel and into an APA Hotel, instead. After staying in a capsule APA and it's doors feels like peak luxury.  Surprisingly the price difference was only about 20 Canadian dollars for the same number of nights.
So, when will Abroad in Japan's travel guides for a seven day trip to each region be coming out?
Do not go to Japan, if you think its to expensive for you then it probably is. Stay home. People who don't know how to manage money and take care of themself should just keep going to the all in resorts.
@AbroadinJapan I literally planned my whole 14 day trip based on your previous video. I'd be coming on 1st April and will be following exactly as you did in your last video. After booking all the places (stays mostly) I can fully attest and say the costs you've included in this video are true to the point. I look forward in visiting Japan, I'll be with few friends. I've been an avid follower of your videos. This helped me a lot and inspired me to come to Japan. Cheers !!!
My hotel for 11 days is like 1.5k
Thanks for this Chris! It's really overwhelming to set a rough budget so this is helpful 🙇
you can live on 500$ a month in Osaka if you are willing to stay in Nishinari
Hi chris i am big fan of your and I want travel to Japan one day but the problem is i am a Indian so i don't eat beef what are your suggestion for guy like me
you know what I'd love to see? you making a video with currently hannah. her videos and cinematography are next level and I think you'd match really well in a collaboration.  I'd LOVE to see that :)
All very well and good, BUT is it worth going to Japan without seeing Natsuki? I don't think so!
I can and have several times travel in Japan in 2weeks on USD1,000(including flights). You can get a decent 1,000 to 2,000yen room a day, just not in Tokyo.
The yen is dang weak right now. With crazy inflation elsewhere, affordable place.
22:38 shinuku park?
Thanks for this! I'm going to Japan next year of March to do some flower viewing, so this helps a whole lot!
Grand class between Tokyo and Sendai in luxury and reliable Shinkansen is still much much more than old wacky and filled to brim trains anywhere in UK, like Manchester to London first class on the day of this comment - £188 ... one way
Thanks for the amazing youtube  video ❤😊
I have a question, when you were filming people in the train, did you need to ask every person for permision, or you did it "in secret" ??
Another good tip for accomodation, AirBnB. You can really find good prices there and it is clean and safe as well. For example, I spent a week in Japan during July 2023 and it cost me about 20-25 dollars a night. Bear in mind that the prices can differ quite a lot depending on the area of Tokyo (more expensive the more central you are), but if you do some basic investigation work, there is always a cheap option to be found.
Chris , it's time that Natsuki meets Hideo Kojima!! Thank about it !
I'm paying £200 a night at mitsui Garden Hotel next week which site did you look on😊
This is a strange one, but one of the reasons i havent travelled to Japan yet is because I'm a bit chunky (and working on it) and quite scared of stares and judgement. I've not really seen any chubky tourists/not really seen any opinions of how it is when you visit as a plus sized person.
Me: Watching this video intently. Also me: I live in Tokyo already lol.
great video, im visiting from the UK in May, cannot wait!
considering Im from south africa where our currency is a joke and somewhere mainstream like europe or America costs a fortune in our local currency the Rand, Japan seems like a nice alternative, thats , safe, clean, efficient and interesting, now to just organize the flights non stop from Johannesburg 😀
Terrific video as usual 🙏🙏🙏
Your looking fantastic chris and you look so nice with your glasses on ❤
I spent about € 1700,- a person when i first went to Japan with a friend in 2015. Including trips from Tokyo to Hakone, Kyoto and Osaka and visiting most of the famous tourist spots. Going together always helps with the costs.
I was consuming 4 Strong Zeros almost every night whilst in Osaka, and tall cans - not those short boys  America-mura is wild
4 can's of Strong Zero get's me a free trip to Narnia... what a bargin.
As a frequently backpacker to Japan, I find supermarket ready to eat food extremely underrated. I could get a bowl on radish soup and vegetables for Y350 and some rice and ginger pork for another Y500. A very balanced, warm and local meal. I usually get some daifuku for dessert, around Y200 each. My suggestion to travelers willing to spend a bit more on food is to go to food halls (usually in the basement) in shopping malls after 7pm. Really good food at a very cheap price and the variety is unmatched. As for transport, JR regional pass and city day pass is the way to go. I recently backpacked Kyushu, inspired by your Journey across japan kyushu videos. I went to Fukuoka, Kumamoto, Kagoshima, Nagasaki prefectures in about a week and spent around Y30,000 on transport and exclusively taking the bullet train between the cities. My daily transport within the city was capped at Y300 because I bought the day pass. For travelers on a budget, the best advice I can give is to avoid the golden route at all cost. Meaning Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto and Nara. There's so much more that Japan has to offer outside of the golden route, at a fraction of the cost and hardly any tourist. If you're looking for an itinerary, Abroad in Japan is undoubtedly one of the best sources.
As a single person, japan isn’t that expensive. I stayed for a year in tokyo and had my own room in a social house (shared common spaces) and met a lot of cool people both locals and students from abroad. I paid ~450$ a month including utilities. Grocery store to make your own food when I didn’t feel like going out but spent ~500$ a month on food. You can buy a secondhand bicycle for cheap to save on transportation costs and explore more of the city than you would with walking/trains. I could definitely have saved more but on average i spent about $1500 a month for everything and had one of the best years of my life.
$3 for a big mac , im boooking my ticket now
Honestly this helped me a lot because I always wanted to check out japan and this gives me a ballpark of what to expect. Thank you for your hard work, Chris. As always.  Also the parts with you and natsuki being buds broke up the video as well. Well done. <3
Please make a full release of that Major Jungu Shrine EDM Song lol
What a wonderful video, watching you guys in japan is almost as good as going yourself!
time to pack my bags
Thank you for the tips Chris I'll be def dining in Royal Host when i come to Japan in this June:D
What about poor Connor? You gonna make it up to him or invite him to yet another miserable experience for a whacky weekend xD
Strong zero is $10AUD A CAN for the import stock with the different flavours in Australia
wow great video, thanks so much!
Cries in Norwegian Kroners :(  You should also link your original travel advice video to this one. The one in which you presented the Suica card and the phrase Osusume.
16:03 Risottoro popping out of nowhere surprises me 😂
Man, everything seems cheaper in japan than America. I feel like I need to visit now ❤
Vagrant Holidays did a month in Japan including flights for ~1000 usd  ...However, yeah his username includes "Vagrant" for a reason lmao
Hey there! Good job, keep it up!  I'm trying to figure out if the JR pass is value for money. But... the first 35 thousand google results for anything JR related are agencies trying to sell you a JR pass.  Then there is JR East, JR West, JR alley behind the 7/11...  Is there any one website where you go to see shinkansen timetables and order single tickets?  Thanking you for your wisdom, sensei
RCD SUICA DE MOMENT
Having just returned home to Tokyo from a week in NYC, I can say that Japan is cheap. In my nearly 20 years in Japan, inflation has hovered between low and negative, while it has increased sharply in America and Europe. When you add the add fact that the Japanese yen is very weak against the dollar and euro, things are even cheaper. While I was in America I was surprised (shocked, actually) to find that a meal at McDonald’s now costs double or more what the same meal costs in Tokyo. My wife and I used to enjoy traveling to Europe and America for the cheap shopping. Unfortunately, it’s not cheap anymore.
unfortunate that the passes went up so much, but it hasnt stopped me from planning my trip. appreciate the updated guide!
I loved capsule hotels in Japan and Korea, cheap, safe and clean. JR rail pass saved me a lot of money. I was glad I didn't get it online though, I got it at the airport JR office, the assistant showed me 2 passes that could be combined. I didn't know you could combine 2 passes, getting 1 pass covering same areas was more expensive. Too bad they raised the prices.
Natsuki: Yatta mo ne. Kore yabai! Kono hoteru wa dog house damono... 😂
Bang for your buck in a love hotel???
I am limited seeing as I need to travel with a CPAP machine with a reliable place to plug it in
My problem has never been while I'm there.  It's getting there, which has gotten  more expensive.
Going on Nov for fall foliage
That rap at 24:40 was low key fire hahah natsuki was bout to cook
Round trip tickets are the biggest hurdle. If you are flexible you CAN find some nice priced tickets.
It costs about twice as much to go there than to be there
Chrispecker! 😂
You can buy a house in Japan for $30KAUD but getting permanent residency to be able to is very hard.
So glad you’re posting regularly! It’s always nice to get your perspective!
i work at a hotel. met a japanese man today who knew who you are chris but he called you abroad in a pan so i from here on out will only refer to you as abroad in a pan. thank you for coming to my ted talk LOL
Planning on going to Japan next year and was just thinking of what I could fit into my budget for a two week trip! This is a great video as always!
one day i will go to japan! also chris, what about renting cars or motorcycles, how much do they cost?
oh -- the dream of ever visiting Japan...thank you for the video. very informative. i just wish i'd get off my lazy ass & start planning a visit
Haha, using the phrase 'more bang for your buck' when discussing a love hotel.
IF you are Australian using Jetstar means getting Qantas points or Flybuys.
24:40 make a new song!!
Sadly, "flight aside" is what basically offsets all the other expanses...  Even 6 years ago when I last visited Japan, the ticket price was the major part of my expanses (including hotels and merch spending).
loved the vid how long would i need to plan if i wanted to add a hike to fuji is that an achievable goal in a 2 week period?
How do the citizens of Japan benefit from low end visitors intending to spend just $1,000 dollars for a two week stay?
Managed to get a physical suica card at the Narita airport in the JR booth and was hyped since I heard you couldn't get them anymore
The fancy price point is still cheaper than roundtrip plane tickets for 2 🥲
As someone who's lived on below minimum wage saying Japan has been expensive for the last ten years is anything but true. The yen is weaker now but it is definitely offset by flight prices literally doubling if not tripling.
When I’m drinking Tokyo and Kyoto look like the same letters all mashed up
Who doesn't love natsuki .man is a legend.
japan tourism board needs to pay you for this video!  i'm totally hyped to book a trip!
are those totals for 1 person?  so times 1.5 for two?
Did I see that right. It's like 60 bux for a night at a love hotel?    Where I live I'm looking at like 100-200 to Stay in a room.   And it's just a plain  boring room.  With thin walls and a door that leads into the neighboring room.  And you can hear everything in the hallway and other rooms.
The strong zero brought me back memories going around Shinjuku-sanchome completely wasted falling down the station stairs after losing the last train. After 3 cans you are literally transported into Narnia
i was just in japan for a week with my dad, wish i could've shown him this. not that that would have changed anything.
I'm leaving for Japan next week so it's nice to see how my budget might pan out
Cup ramen V Pot Noodle?
I wish a Big Mac was 5$ here in CT. I paid $17 for a Big Mac meal yesterday. I could get Shake Shack for that price.
I’m currently Staying in Itabashi. Lovely small hostel for 3 weeks and cost me £279
You can tell Sharla has rubbed off on Chris because he's saying scotch tape instead of cello tape.
あまり「日本は安い」を発信しないで。
Could we get a video like this but with the japan prices going against Australian Money? I would love to see what the impact of $1k AUD or something higher/lower would look like in Japan. Gives those that are aussies trying to travel a better understanding on whats the best way to save and choose the right type of meals/living requirements.
Did many of the sites last October (when 2 week JR pass was still cheap) on more or less standard tier, and it's like you said, even cheaper I would say if you go with your partner and spread the costs. This video will do wonders for first timers in Japan. PD: I'll recommend everyone to visit Mount Shosha Temples near Himeji (not on this video) it's a magical place.
Air Do?  Shooottttt, they named an airline after me! yayyyyyyy
Weighing in at 1250+ comments seems counter-intuitive, but here goes. This is wonderful, thorough and detailed, specific advice. However, Chris's nostalgia-clouded opinion of the free city view from the Tokyo Government building is not one I share. It's a dingy atmosphere and does not provide the 360 degree panorama that is offered at Shibuya Sky. To me, that's well worth the wait and the money and even the crowds.  As for numerous YouTubers who moan about crowds in that venue (or any other locations in the city's tourist bucket lists), I would suggest that travelers to Japan might choose to revel in that atmosphere. If you want empty places, don't go looking for them in Tokyo. Find other areas in the hinterlands of Japan if solitude is your jam. I enjoy the crowds and the people-watching because I can't have that river-of-people experience at home.   Less crowded is the Mori Tower's 360 degree Tokyo City View from the Observation Deck which is included with admission to the Mori Art Museum which always has wonderful, edgy exhibitions.  For an extra coin you can also take the elevator up to the Sky Deck, an open air vantage point which is open when weather conditions permit.   I have been up Tokyo Sky Tree and Tokyo Tower as well. Sometimes I want to see something simply because it' exists and to experience it. For various reasons those were good experiences; however, I wouldn't return to either of those unless I was doing that for someone else who wanted my company and they were paying.   My number one favourite spot is the Mori Tower as I want to visit its Art Museum whenever I'm in the city. Shibuya Sky is my number two, but any time I'm in Tokyo I'll go to both. I like to time it to sunset and enjoy Tokyo's stunning blue hour. I take snacks, maybe a drink and linger.
They could've splurged a little and got the DUCT TAPE for the door. Jesus.
Small typo @22:38 Shinjuku is missing a J ;)
Also worth to mention, guesthouses and those traditional houses with the little garden in the inside are way cheaper in the countryside, like on shikoku island. I payed 25$ for a night with breakfast included in of those old wooden houses with tatami floor, a tiny garden in the center. Wall paintings and those paper walls. It was completely clean and no one else stayed there!
@11:35 oh god I'm about to start this on Monday wtf was I thinking?
Went to Tokyo a few months ago and damn stuff was expensive. Granted, I was mainly in touristy areas but coming from Seoul, Korea I didn’t see the cheaper prices everyone was talking about😂 Still enjoyed the trip greatly
So inexpensive. I just gotta muster up the courage. I laughed a lot with Natsuki's shenanigans.
Yeah, I can't even afford the flight over, let alone spending money while there lol
I visited Japan last year in May and spent 15k in 3 weeks 😅 (I did go with zero budget tho)
It is to me the cheapest asian destination.
Interesting to know how low the Yen is right now! I went back in 2018 for 9 days and the whole trip cost around £1700. If I can do 14 days for less I'm in!!
7:29  I think he means "you get banged more for your buck."  😂
6:41 nobody is knocking on your door and you don't have a horse.
I flew jet star on my 2017 trip . Was a great experience. I still have my suica card too.
Great breakdown of the state of staying in Japan today! I'd love to see a video about longer term stays in Japan. With the new nomad Visa being an option for some it'd be cool to see what you have in mind. Maybe not super accessible for some based on the salary restrictions though.
Me living in Kyoto;  Ah yes, I should plan a trip to Japan...
That godly hotel room is what I am used to! 😂😂😂
last time i looked at flights (about 4 months ago) it was roughly $1800-2000 from ny :(
Im in Osaka at the moment. Its a lot cheaper than Australia. You can get a pack of smokes for $5 and a big mac meal for $6.50 aud. Sushimi is a bit more expensive though.
"God bless low-cost airline travel" Love ya Chris but this line will age like sour milk as the climate crisis worsens and more and more people realize how terrible low-cost airline travel is for the planet 🥲
I guess a mix of factors between the budget and the standard tier so you can experience both cheap hotels but also a traditional japanese house, same for travelling, some days a night bus, others a train, and same with food, so you can enjoy a bit of both worlds depending on what city youre in, sound's like the ideal plan.
One further tip - the Suica card is great but there is no Oyster style daily cap so it can get expensive if you nip around loads like I did. The Tokyo 72hr metro pass is around £8 - fabulous value...
All the signs I keep seeing lately is to go to Japan,  and now I see this!  If you do semi-budget, I think I could get by! Thank you Chris
I’m so excited!! I leave to Japan in 10 days!! 😊
Currently in Japan for travel. If you’re coming from the US, the dollar is quite strong.   Not only will you get a rough estimate of +$230 per every $500 changed, the prices for Japanese food is also quite cheaper compared if you bought the equivalent in the US like a Mitsuwa or Nijiya.   Also, things like full priced $60 Nintendo  Switch or PlayStation games are about $40 here.
Thank you for making this vid, hopefully going to Japan next September and this helps put things into perspective! Having the IRL examples helped me form a budget (to know how much to save), and now I can't wait to go <3 Roll on September 2025 ovo
I stayed in the Matsui Garden Hotel, my boss took me as a treat at the end of a long business trip. Absolutely incredible… apart from the earthquake. I had a magnificent view of the whole of Tokyo as it wobbled in front of me. 😬
Heading back in October, second visit, I need to find a way too stay I love it so much.
It’s heartwarming seeing Chris and Natsuki having fun playing Mario Kart and beatboxing. Great video! Giving me some travel ideas for sure! One day I’ll make it to Japan, I’m determined!
About 3) Drinks: Consider drinking tap water, i read it's safe in most areas in Japan, especially in cities. Here in Germany alot of people drink tap water, myself included, because it's cleaner than bottled water and, depending on how hard it is, it actually tastes good. You can save alot of money by just drinking tap water. 😊
I'd come to buy Video games cheaper in Japan lol
I'm going to Japan, just so I can afford to buy a few Big Macs!!!     :)
I want to encourage people to consider staying at a hostel if you can. Even if you don't consider yourself that social like myself, you can still have a lot of fun. Found some great attractions, went on a drunk karaoke adventure, and went to a weird restaurant that was basically just one dude's basement with the gang that was staying at the same Tokyo hostel as me, and the best part was, in the box filled with things left behind by other guests (intentionally or otherwise) I found a thermal bag that I still use regularly.   SOAB the JR-pass went up SEVENTY PERCENT?!?! MAAAAAAAAAAAAN that shit was the BEST!
I went to Japan last november, exchanged 4,000 and got 650000 yen back.  Its not like it use to be before 2018.  Also from Johnny somali if you put on the customs card under 3,500 and get into trouble with the Police, you will be given a lawyer and a translator for free, Also he ruined japan.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 mate
First visited Japan early 2019, then November 2023. The biggest difference I noticed - the tourist crowds. Japan is being loved beyond capacity. Eventhough the JR Pass is now too expensive, riding the Shinkansen was definitely an unmissable highlight. And convenience store food is cheap and reliable. But as Chris says, it's still worth the visit.
A bottle of Coca-Cola in Japan costs $1.16?? 😮 here in the US it's almost $3 for that same bottle! I'm moving to Japan.
19:42 - Sukiya Gyudon triple cheesu yummy!! (medium, thank you)
15:00 - And if you have an JRPass, many trains, subways, buses and ferries are already covered.. As long as they are JR....
Thank you for making this video!! So insightful!  Do you think the exchange rate will keep going up or down since you see the prices everyday and live there. I’m not getting there until September. I guess I’m assuming it won’t be going up so fast to where it would be 100 yen to 1 USD by then.
11:30 - I usually stay in Nagoya and will visit Hiroshima once and Kure once and Kyoto and Tokyo.. On top of those I'll be travelling to Suzuka on four days .. so .. still worth it?
Wait?! They have fuxored the JRPass since last year? o_O; MAN ..well .. last time in Japan 2025 .. good excuse. :)
how do you get the suica on your phone? Do you first need a physical card, or is there an app? If you need a physical card first then thats mental
I've been to Japan twice now. I'm very much worried about the influx of tourists after this video please consider doing a video on etiquette.
Natsuki recording Chris snoring was the best part haha but in all seriousness it is a lot more reasonable than I thought it would be, even if you were to do the premium stuff. Gives me hope in the future to be able to go (just got to find somebody to go with lol)
They need to finish their new song and release it. It's only fair.
1:08 - How about a F1 weekend at/around Suzuka? No? ;D (yeah, that is my Japan, Suzuka F1 and the two weeks around it)
0:19 - You are not takin into your calculations for the flights, are you? Because FLYING INTO JAPAN is usually the most expensive part of the trip. :P
bro this video is so freaking well done. I cant wait to plan a trip! thank you for your hard work!
are sentos/bath houses generally "tattoo friendly" or do i need to look specifically for ones that don't mind? going to japan soon, and i really want to go to a onsen or bath house but kind of anxious that i will be seen as a degenerate drug lord.
so where should i look for places to stay? booking is overpriced and airbnb is scary to me
You made it sound so much more affordable, just wish i had people to go with so wouldnt be on my own
Got to say I loved the Suica card in Japan as I loved the Oyster card in London. But when I was in London last year, my old Oyster card did not work anymore, so I wanted to get a new one, which is quite tricky at the Airport at 7 AM. However, some staff then told me that I can simply use my normal debit card for all travel and this has quickly become my most loved payment method. Wish they would implement such a simple system everywhere. Nothing better than swiping your credit/debit card or Apple pay/Google pay.
12:26 And here I thought public transport in Norway was expensive, $200 for 5 days? I hope that's long distance, not local travel, cause otherwise it would be absolutely ridiculous, and even then it's still ridiculous.
With how much natsuki been on lately i'm worried he on his last year and about to die XD
Chris does not deserve sweet, innocent Natsuki!
I appreciated the currency exchange popups
Next time actually speed run Japan 🗾 🚅
Air Do. Similar to Dil Do.
"only $1000" ah ok now i can afford it
I went back in 2007 . 4 nights in Tokyo, 4 in Osaka (wanted to stay in Kyoto , but was too pricey). Including the JRP , I think my total  spend was about 1500 quid. Stayed in a business hotel 'sunroute Asakusa ' in Tokyo and a slightly posher hotel that I can't remember the name of, in Osaka  With regards to the JRP , even with the price increase, since I was staying in Osaka and wanted to visit Kyoto , plus had to get back to Tokyo for the flight home, it seemed worthwhile.
Having suica (or other IC-card) on your iPhone is very convenient. However, just a warning: If you have a non-Japanese Visa card, you may find yourself unable to top it up (add money on it). It has been like this for more than a year now. So make sure to test it before or get a Mastercard instead.
I'm going to japan on the 19th and this was a very good video to appear just before I go.
Haha the all of Japan in 7 days skit on the the Rail Pass cracked me up.. That was some great comedy. I nearly thought of doing that but went for the return tickets to Kyoto
Chris san, thank you so much for this video. I'm planning a first time trip to Japan and this is priceless information you have provided. I hope you decide to do a fan meet up while I'm there. Love your channel man!
bro i just thought about going and this video pops up. Thanks a ton
I would love to take a trip to japan but the family would never survive the flight
Hitachino Nest is the best beer in Japan come on! Or Yo Ho Brewing Porter.
oof , natsuki is starting to look like granpa, the existential horrors of times passing are hard to avoid
was he at the start lit from reflection of building? its so trippy how he is onlything lit from right
A wild Sharmelon appeared: throws great ball.
I have been to Japan last month for 2 weeks, it ended up costing me just over 4000 euro traveling alone. flight from Germany to Japan was about 800, hotel was 300, transport was around 300 too I think, then I am not sure how much food was, but other stuff I bought ended up being over 2000, like merch, concerts and events like a birthday event. very well allocated budget, if I say so myself.
Excellent video. Marked for later!
Omg I can't believe the increase in the rail pass!! We used it in March 2019 and it was so worth it!
I'm hoping to do this in a few years...go record shopping for that sweet Soul Media dig....
Could the Japanese government offer the rail card cheaper to tourists if they can provide a valid Visa?
Repetitive videos...
We always go to the food courts at the top of department stores. Great food for a fair price
I was pleasantly surprised at how affordable flights have become. I went just before the pandemic, round-trip from Lima, Peru was only $785. And that was back when the Yen wasn't nearly as strong. I still spent around $3k total for 10 days but I also lived it up here and there and could have easily cut that total cost by a grand if I wasn't hell bent on sipping whisky older than myself at the Suntory Distillery or going to Babymetal concerts or watching the Sumo tournament.
Hoping to go to Japan for at least a month within the next two years, was unsure about the JR Pass since I loved it last time. Thank you for the advice!
I can confirm the Standard Tier price breakdown. It was pretty spot on to our last trip a year ago.
You could do a travel example of this, a week of travel example, maybe make it a series. Many people, like me, have no idea how much can you actually comfortably see in a week with no rush and travel times included. And it would be cool to see fun and unique places.
It is doable…but there’s so many things you want to buy you feel like robbing a bank 😂
Just calculated 14 day trip from EU for 2 would be around 6k all n all
i had a business hotel room in center tokyo in a nice area which was fine (around 30€ a day) but i recommend bringing a pillow. some of those cheap hotel pillows are filled with rocks or something lol
i'll be fine drink strong zero
thank you chris for this new video
I am flying on Wensday
Could you please do a video on the one place in Japan a tourist should visit? I am having a difficult time deciding on where to visit 😂 Help!
Two weeks last November cost me a total of 3,5k
My uni has an exchange program with Japan. The accommodation amounts to basically £100 a month, this being only an hour away from tokyo. Granted, its set up by a uni, but it goes go show how cheap it is compared to a lot of places in Europe.
I see the man upgraded the to green screen 😂
we've done 12 days for £1000 (per person) with airplane ticket included from London to Tokyo back in 2016. we did not starve, we did see a ton of stuff in and around Tokyo and mt Fuji, and we did enjoy all of it. on the other hand we had a lot of 7/11 konvini food, and quite a few instant ramen dinners, but that was our choice. But we also had proper lunches in family restaurants daily.  Can't wait to go back, one of my favorite places in the world <3
It just struck me how bloody high quality your video production is Chris, and that's kinda mental. Who tf goes "i want to single-handidly produce TV programming and earn radio money"
My wifes just said, ooh Chris looks like he's lost a lot of weight,  he's quite attractive! Lol! 😂
I land in a week, awesome timing!! 😍
In 2016 I got airfare from the east coast of US to Japan for $700 and then spent about $2000 for 15 days and lived it up pretty well with seeing lots of things. Last trip was a little more.
If only it didn't cost $10,000 to fly my family there. Wish I could take advantage of the fantastic exchange rate!
This video is so helpful. Thank you so much!
I'm planning a 30 day bucket list type trip next May. I'm having a hard time planning ahead for something that long. Do you think a trip like that can be planned in country. Book a hotel for the first 3-4 days in Tokyo and then have about that amount of time to book the next places I go. Or do you think I could run into trouble looking for accommodations with that short time planning ahead.
The only true big expense is the airplane ticket
After a recent 2 week trip I do agree that it was a lot more affordable than one would think and I was only marginally curbing my spending so I didn't have an issue getting souvenirs home.
I stayed in that capsule hotel for a night last year! It was our first night in Japan and such a shock but I liked it. The floor with the lounge and view of the city was especially nice. I couldn’t sleep due to the jet lag and there didn’t seem to be any AC on. The sun rose around 4:30 am so I explored the nearby city and park while my friend slept. It was such a nice way to start the trip
It's just a matter of time before the Japanese government makes Chris an honorary ambassador of Japan. 😁
1000$ for two weeks isn't supposed to be cheap or a low amount is it?
Travelled to japan last 2018 for 8 days with a budget of only 600 usd plane ticket included.. no kidding ..i miss 2018
Hearing Natsuki sing David Bowie's Space Oddity. I now want to see him singing Rocketman but in the style of William Shatner.
JUSTICE FOR CONNOR!!
when beer drinkers say 9% is too much meanwhile I'm over here with my 40% vodka, three drinks in no problem 👀
Moving to Nagasaki in August for at least the next three years. I'm thinking the Kyoto townhouse for my 35th birthday. lol
Thank you Chris!! Going in July for 16 days. Going to bring some more, but this video helped A LOT!!
Planned for next year, i am looking at 8k€ for 2 weeks and 2 people.
Man i'd love to goto a Sento or any sort of public place in Japan, but my Arms, Legs and back are covered in Tattoo's.   One of the reasons why im somewhat hesitant to planning a holiday there.
its not the yen or japan that's the problem. its the plane ticks that cost an arm, leg, and your firstborn child.
Natsuki's delightful
I once stayed in a place, not Japan, in which the drunk lady owner gave me a roll of duct tape instead of a key. There were no handle nor lock on the room's door 😲
I still don't understand the "There's a chip shortage - here's a temporary card that works but only for 28 days and then you have to throw it away" - are they not made with chips? What's the system they use instead? I just don't get it and I can't seem to find any info on it.
日本の映画館は高い😢2000円
What you *didn't* tell is how much all the B-roll of Risottoro cost you...
Natsuki finally getting a nice hotel room and... 😂😂😂
What about Airbnb
I went to Japan last summer, Japan truly isn't that expensive. The only expensive part for me would be the plane ticket, and I would say transit. Other than that, everything is quite affordable, especially food!
Natsuki is hilarious !!!!!!!!!!!
3 million subs is just around the corner! You totally deserve it Chris!👏🏼
...wait.... was that Ryotaro in the AD as the hacker lmfao..... pure gold!
We visited Japan fairly recently, end of november/beginning of december. Loved it ! This video makes me feel nostalgic... The arcades, the afternoon snack Family Mart chicken, even the chirping road crossings ! Just want to go back !  =]
Was that BEST Hotel in Shin-Okubo? I stayed there lol
As a person who works in the travel industry (selling those fancy hotel rooms lol), your segment on the JR pass was helpful and hilarious. 11:00  And we absolutely do get those crazy passengers who want to see all of Japan in a week. The mad dash for the bad selfie 😂
For flying across Japan you can also get special prices tickets with the JAL Explorer pass or the ANA Discover JAPAN Fare. JAL flies a lot out of Haneda for these flights compared to low cost airlines that fly out of Narita which takes longer to get to. All you need is a international ticket to and from Japan. You can also bring the same amount of luggage with you as your international flight to and from Japan.  In some cases these special tickets might be cheaper depending on the route you take and the amount of luggage that you have with you and can save you time by going to Haneda instead of to Narita.
Tourism is the only left for Japan. It's industry is pretty much dead in the water. Going to Japan is like time travel back 20 years
I think it's a shame you didn't include minshuku in your accommodation options. They are a cheap way to experience a tatami room and the owners are also often very social.  Also, most phones don't have the chip needed for the suica app to work, since it's a japan specific chip. Afaik pretty much the only phones that do have it are iPhones or phones sold in Japan. Instead, at least as of last autumn, you could still buy an ICACO, which is in all intents and purposes identical to a SUICA, but you need to buy it in the Kyoto area.
Meiji Jingu Nobunaga Oda song when?
the cost of the convenience store stuff is crazy. For the same price here in canada I could get exactly two bags of chips
Grand class is insanely expensive. It's less than standard class in the UK. 🤣
Getting there is fucking expensive now, but staying is not...
Good video. I often read that people still think that Japan is super expensive and would set them back at least 3k (Euro), while that isn't true at all (of course unless you spend a lot of money on expensive meals, souvenirs and several nights in ryoukans or other luxury hotels, but that would be expensive anywhere else as well). And they are usually quite surprised when I tell them that they should be able to do two weeks with 2-2.5k including the flight.
I have to say that that Grand Car trip being $130 is surprisingly .. not bad at all.  Taking Acela "high speed" train (hah, high speed) to NYC from DC costs about $170-200 one way and that might not even be business class!
Idk, two monthly salaries to travel Japan for two weeks is a bit steep for me..
What an incredible well made but also well researched video, Chris!  Thanks for taking your time to make these informative videos well... informative but also a lot of fun to watch!  This will be very helpful for lots of people who want to go to Japan or already are planning on going!  Thanks again for making such quality content all the time! And please, don't overdo your self!
Thank you so much for making this video, I've been planning to visit Japan and this video is exactly all the information i was after :)
Drop the Coke, it is the reason for the unhealthy skin color (fructose -> non-alcoholic liver disease).
tokyo metro 3 day pass cost 1500 yen, nice saver when visiting tokyo & the city nearby
I was in Japan late last year for 2 months (where I also met Chris and Natsuki too), and it was surprisingly affordable. I agree with all the points here, only thing to add is you will probably be wanting to buy lots of goods, such as clothes, anime goods, etc. The same point Chris made on restaurants applies there.   Don't get trapped by the tourist traps in places like Akihabara or Takeshita St (though do visit for the vibes), look for better deals in places like Nakano Broadway or slightly off those roads, and also be careful of not buying too much because posting things back home can be quite expensive.
Cdawg absolutely fuming watching this 😂
Am I tweaking or was that ryotaro in the train
Loved the video! You are an absolute master in making these travel videos, so as always love the work and can't wait to refer back to this video when organizing my first trip to Japan!
Another thing about the Suica card on your phone: It's not just a time saver because you can just tap and go. You can also refill it right from your phone using a connected bank account or credit card. With a physical card, you need to find a Suica terminal at the station, insert the card, and refill it with cash.  This is definitely the way to go if your phone supports Suica cards. iPhones these days all support them.
I have a 13 (full) day trip booked for September and I will definitely reference this video when planning.
A great video an HONEST thanks for the rail info, I will be taking my third trip since the end of the COV, in April.
I paid for the convenience of having my trips planned and organized. I wonder if I'll ever have the courage to do that on my own.  Tho I'm done with sightseeing. Next stop would be something something long term stay. My head.
We missed you, Chris.
Hell Yeah! I'm booking my flight now!
The cost of the Skytree is incredibly low, compared to Seattle's Space Needle at $67 per person.
The prices of snacks at convenience stores in Japan is actuslly CONVENIENT! I live in Oklahoma and the same convenience store snacks are twice as much here.
Phenomenal work Chris, this video is very helpful and detailed!
That meiji jingu freestyle was kinda fire lol. Great video! I've been to tokyo several times but I always went a lone and just did everything as cheaply as possible. This time I'm taking my wife, so this is so useful!
Regarding Japanese buses & trains: there are services for old people where they turn the AC into oven microwave. This is also true for Japanese planes. You just can't sleep being sous-vide cooked in your own sweat like that. Air Do: Yes, the "Do" comes from "道" of Hokkaido (C/J/K: island), but the ATC callsign pronounciation phraseology guide is "Air doo" - just as its Japanese pronounciation guide: エアドゥ (Ea Dou). You can catch Air Do and Solaseed (ANA's) and Skymark and Starflyer (JAL's) flights from Tokyo Haneda, while Peach (ANA's) and JetStar (JAL & QANTAS) only serves Narita. Air Do as the tagline "Wings of Hokkaido" suggest, focuses on Hokkaido destinations, Solaseed (Sorashido/Newsky) focuses on Kyushu, as it is based in Miyazaki. Skymark focuses on Kansai and Western region, focusing on Kobe. Starflyer is headquartered in Kitakyushu, and focuses on Kyushu and Western region. None of them fly Boeing 737MAX, only JAL has them on order, and none are delivered yet. Starflyer, Peach, and JetStar are all-Airbus A320 family fleet, while Air Do, Solaseed, and Skymark are all-Boeing fleet. Yes, ANA, JAL, and Air Do fly twin-aisle widebodies like Boeing 777, Boeing 767, Boeing 787, or Airbus A350 for short 1-2 hours domestic flights (e.g. Haneda-Osaka Itami, Haneda-Hiroshima, Haneda-Hakodate, Haneda-Chitose, Haneda-Fukuoka, Haneda-Naha), but they are different seats and services from their international route-serving planes. It is generally much crampier and you won't get as good service with their domestic crew. It is not worth going full service airline in domestic flights. Peach goes everywhere, and Japan's biggest low cost carrier, with focus on both Narita and Kansai (both are about 1 hour away from the city they claimed to serve). Given how far those airports are from the city, and an express train ticket easily sets you $30-$40 down plus nearly 3 hours wasted time, you may want to consider that, given Shinkansen is just another additional $30 from Peach plus express trains (Keisei Skyliner/JR NEX/JR Haruka/Nankai rapi:t). JetStar Japan focuses on the middle cities like Nagoya (Centrair) and Sendai.
I eat a big mac for 2.25$ lol
Good vid
Great video! I go to Japan between 1-3 times per year (I'll be back there in 5 days--yay!) -- my trips tend to be a blend of Chris's budget tier and standard tier choices. When I'm staying in hotels solo, I always go for Toyoko Inns. These clean hotels provide a decent breakfast, and they are often placed within easy walking distance of train stations. When I'm with other family members, I bump up my hotel selection to mid-range places so we get a bit more room. Family Mart is my go-to for lunch, leaving funds leftover for a fancier dinner. I do splurge on attractions and train tickets because roaming around Japan is the best.
19:31 "Three cans of this, you won't remember your name..."  Me as a polish person: Try me.
Escorted by Chris Broad. 😁 PRICELESS!  😁
Any idea when the next Q&A will be?   I've got a few questions around surviving Japan for a month as a teetotaller and who hates excessive plastic packaging on food.
Natsuki is effortlessly funny 😂
I'm digging the analysis. The info about the hotel rooms lines up with what I've been looking at the past two weeks when deciding accommodation. I ended up deciding on capsule hotels to keep it cheap, but damn, the Apa Hotel was tempting. 👀
Chris, you are a top lad.  You have prepared me for my first visit across japan! 2 whole months! Thank you!
Can you feel the liquorice
This is such a good video, no shit 😂 Thank you!
Best opening scene ever!
Going to Japan later this month!! This channel never fails!
Internal flights are extremely damaging to the environment. They may be cheaper but not using them will leave you with a lower carbon footprint and thus make you less of a prick
This has been a helpful video seeing as I'll be in Japan in about two weeks. Thanks!
The phone Suica card was brilliant when I travelled last autumn. Highly recommended. Set it to "Express Travel Card" and it works exactly like a regular Suica card.
Nastuke looking sophisticated with the grey coming in
let's go chris! you are getting fitter mate. keep on
Thanks Chris, my first trip to Japan the exchange rate was 360 yen to the dollar. What area of Tokyo would you recommend staying in say for a 5 day trip. Thanks a lot keep up the good work
Havin been stationed on Mt.Fuji in the early 80 i greatly appreciate the vids traveling and all hopely ill return and see through different eyes thanks keep doing what ya doing here in Hialeah Fl. semi retiring .
Back in December 2019 I stayed in a nice business hotel in Ota City Tokyo called Friesa Inn (I think) for £50 a night, with a room nearly double in size as the £47 here. It had great access to Haneda and central Tokyo by train. Maybe things have changed a lot in 4 years though.
OMG, that banana packed in plastic is giving me a brain hemmorage.
Thank you so much for this Chris. I have been wanting to go to Japan for many years now and have always been reluctant on the price... I never realized I can go on a single, simple trip to visit many places plus return flight from London for something as little as £1200 - 1500. ❤🎉
I have looked at Japan prices recently and told my wife - yup, we go there.  Man Im from Croatia EU and apart from lodgings in major cities - everything is like half price there with strong euro.
One month in Japan (2023), hostel and capsule hotels only, but with 21 days j-pass 3200 euro, but everything (jrpass, accommodation, food, attractions, shopping etc) apart from airplane tickets included
My wife and are going to japan in just a couple weeks going back to the places I lived 6 years ago; Nobeoka then kagoshima then seeing all the major tourist sight back up tokyo. so far the price of our trip for 2 people is looking to be around $3600 for plain tickets, $1000 for JR rail pass (we will be taking lots of shinkansens to get around so itll be about even of not getting it plus convenience of carrying cash around buying single tickets to get around) $1000 for hotels, and probably $1000 budget on just food and who knows what else.
Im going next Wednesday. For a month 13/3-14/4
One thing I noticed about the mobile Suica card is that unlike buying currency and having the extra fees it doesn’t have any extra fees so it’s a good way to get a few dollars put away towards the holiday
It's crazy how only really expensive hotels in UK have fridges, meaning you pretty much have to eat out every day even when on a business trip.
im comming for the firts time this weekend !!!!! its been over 10 year of waiting im so hype!
Thank you for the tips. Going to Japan next month so this will for sure help ^^.
You can find cheap private rooms in hostels too!
🎶Ground control to major tom🎶
Well, hopefully these prices Will be the same when i go to Japan next year
No joke Natsuki is a Japanese version of my Latino dad 😂 they look alike and act alike it’s so funny
welcome to Tokyo again, sir
Thank you for this video! I'm traveling to Japan and I'm planing my trip right now, so this was perfect timing and very helpful! :D
what happened in japan? i remember checking prices for a trip to japan and they were literally double.
06:00 - The Hilton Tokyo comes in at around £220 a night, which is £110 per person per night (not bad) or you can use points (62'000 points per night on average). Anyone with Amex points can switch them for a rate of 1.5x for Hilton. If you have a status like Diamond, you will get an upgrade, free breakfast, and executive lounge access for two hours of free-flow alcohol each night. I'd love to see Chris cover some of these bits.
Was waiting for the inevitable wagyu section in every Abroad in Japan video. Glad to say I wasn't disappointed.
Natsuki is one of the reasons I watch this channel.
Literally going Tokyo on the 29th for 15 days
EVERYONE, some capsule hotels have bars and free flow for an hour, a great place for single travelers to meet people. 4:35
I walked the length of Japan last year. I came prepared to live out of a tent for  a few months but after a few weeks I realised I could happily spend my time sleeping in hotels (and enjoying the onsen. After a day of walking OMG was it a blessing). the odd love hotel was a great way to spend the night too, to be fair.
You have to love Natsuki singing a David Bowie song while trying to fit inside a tight capsule😀
I was in Japan for 7 nights in 2019 and I spent around $3000 not including flights
Spent a week in Osaka for under $500 last week! Thanks for this video!
I'd also add time to this too. Or what time of year you want to go.  Last time I went was 2008. The economy was about the same as now, so things were cheap. But we deliberately went in an off season between holidays (May-ish). Because of this we stayed in the Mariott in Ginza for £25 a night,  got a Ryokan in Hakone and then stayed in the Hilton in Kyoto for about the same £25 ish. Of course you're not going to be able to take part in festivals or other things going on, as it will be a bit quiter but it is easier to get around and cheaper.
The virtual suica card on my iPhone was super easy to get, thanks for all the great videos!
when i learned it was better to use my card for most places that take card and use cash for the trains and transportation the cost was cut in half because when something says it like $20 in yen it’s really like $13 in US dollars which i didn’t get until i kept stopped using yen for everything also if u stay at the APA hotel chain they are insanely cheap literally paid 110-200 for my 4-5 day stays at each hotel which was insane and it’s a business hotel so the rooms are tight but it’s definitely spacious for one person or two just vibing outside for majority of your days
17:38 A day or two? More like EVERY day!
Thanks for travelling tips!
How dare you call Sapporo the best beer in Japan! -Kirin Ichiban-Man
Looking forward to getting back to Tōhoku later this year.
Wow seeing the Gracey below. That was high enough. We booked two rooms there for our last night in Japan in December.  My youngest stayed with my partner in a Godzilla room with the kaiju outside their window. My other boy and I got a room on the top , 30th floor, and were treated to amazing views of Shibuya and the Skytree. I stayed up too late and got up too early just to take in the view.
One thing to consider and to look into are special fares that ANA and JAL offer to international tourists. For example, JAL's Explorer Pass. From Haneda (Tokyo) to New Chitose (Sapporo) you can fly one way for roughly £76! And included in that fare are 10kg of carry on luggage and 2 pieces of checked luggage at 23kg each!! (and on some routes you can even find fares as low as £40)
Thank you for doing the math for me! Hubby and I are planning for July.
It's crazy how cheap Japanese beer is , when I visited there last year I was shocked as well, seeing the price is exactly same like regular carbonated beverages .
It's on our list of places to visit when we move back to China, along with South Korea, Taiwan, Thailand and Singapore.
Hey @AbroadInJapan are the prices given in the end per person?
Royal Host is a damn scam compared to all other Family Restaurants. It might only make sense if you are looking at the prices from a foreign currency perspective
Calling out Wendover Productions / Jet lag at 11:30 loo
After watching this [v=RQ2ZzJjzhyU]  I might know who designed you studio 😉 I think I've seen that shifty-looking shinkansen guy-with-laptop somewhere... (was it in the Bullet Train movie with Brad Pitt?...) [> <]   🚅
I've been to Japan several times and most times I aim for the business hotels. Usually clean, usually close to major transport and low cost eateries.  I'm sad that the JR Rail pass is dead, I've used that many times and traveled everywhere.  My next trip will be to the north, your Non Stop North video reminded me that, except for one short trip to Hokkaido (Rugby World Cup), I've not spent any time up north.
Oh god you put a thumbnail holding 1000 yen and the title containing the phrase ‘2 week’ and ‘1000’ I legit thought you were gonna live two weeks with 1000 yen🤣
Coming in May with the kids, can't wait! Great video Chris!
"flights aside"
i thought the budget total sounded really expensive, but 123,400yen is about 767e which for 14 days is actually pretty ok
19:26 of course chris would know 😂
Your Videos have been very helpful for helping me plan my trip. We actually fly out from the UK next week. One other tip for keeping it cheap is to book 6 - 12 months in advance. I did this and it saved us a lot of money on accommodation in the cities. Thanks for the great videos and podcast 🙂
Mimaru are the best hotels so spacious
more affordable with £ more so then $ of course
Connor will be fuming lmao
Natsuki singing “Ground control to Major Tom”, priceless!!😊 And - congrats on approaching the 3 million subscribers!!🎉
flights out of San Jose California are ridiculously affordable!
I've started putting together an itinerary for my first trip to Japan, so this was really helpful
Flying out Tuesday, was budgeting £100 a day but seems I won’t spend anywhere near that . Cool video
im in Japan right now and you can rather easily do 1 week with 500 dollars even with a good hotel
Coming from the Eastern half of US, the main expense is the flight to get there.  Also, because it's on the other side of the world, it takes up almost an entire day coming and going, which puts a 2 day dent in your vacation time.  Despite that, I really want to visit Japan.
Went 2 months ago and it was cheap! Man, I miss that crosswalk bird sound! Sheez, miss everything about it...
I found that the travel buses also are really cheap and comfortable. They're a great option If you are going to places where there's no shinkansen connection, like Shikoku for example.
Going in August, saving this video to watch again then thank you 🙏
I misread $1000 as ¥1000 and nearly died 😵
Loved that description of the Hote-hell at 1:49! 😂
That was a really insightful video! Really useful breakdown from a budget trip to a premium trip.
Heading to Japan for the first time in 3 weeks!! Very excited! Just need to work out Shinkansen tickets to get around between cities. Do you recommend reserving these before I go or buying them once arrive in a station?
They massively increased the price of the JR rail pass though :( It wouldn't stop me cos I love trains, but meh.
Fantastic, a friend of mine was going to move there and i was planning to budget it with 1000$ when I go visit
Nice to see you're no longer the British Shit Man
I’m going on the 15th of March Chris! Hope to see you guys there!
too bad the plane to Tokyo doubles the price T_T"
Praying to the gods of coasters that my 4th visit to Fuji-Q this summer won't be too crowded. If it is there is only one solution, to visit it twice in one trip.
I moved to Japan from Florida and I can say that my cost of living is now 50% less than what it was in Florida. I love it here
The price for Gran Class tickets seems pretty reasonable when you compare it to the price of standard train tickets in the UK (Edinburg to Bristol: £215 on a smelly train, no reserved seat, no food and often no toilet)
Just before the Pandemic, My spending money in Japan Minus the flights/Accommodation was $2300AUD. That was 3 and half week of Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto. I did not use the JR pass either. At Haneda Airport you can directly buy yourself a Suica card and thats what I used for my Entire trip. I also booked my Shinkansen trip to Osaka when I reached Tokyo station. I bet with bad YEN atm moment, that 2300AUD would have gone further. Used AirBNB for accom and although I visited the standard Touristy stuff, I also used the non touristy restaurants. Because AUS is closer to Japan, my flights were at $800 each way.
Who else thought tile man from settled at 5 min?
We need a 'Like a MAGIC JINGU' song by Natsuki
17:57 it's funny to see the oikos yogurt. we print the aluminum lid here in austria
Flights where the most expensive part from the UK everything else was so cheap even accomodation the biggest expense was the JR Rail pass which was worth every penny
wish it wasn't 3 flights away that are worth 2000 EURO at least :(
Most comprehensive video ever seen - regardless of its subject. Green Car seats on Shinkansen trains are worth the extra fee when travelling with large amounts of luggage during seasons with heavy traffic. Less seats mean less passengers, and that means more space for your stuff.
It's too bad Ginkakuji never get promoted as much as Kinkakuji, personally I think Ginkakuji is the better one of the two.
My partner and I spent about 4k each last year including hotels/flights. We know we could of done things differently!
Imagine livestreaming the one week train across Japan 🤔
7:32 nice one
24:33 Mozart been real quiet since this banger dropped
Love the vid, but Royal Host is trash 😂 Japan's take on bad diner food
still very expensive hahaha cost around 1,2k just to get the flights but good to see all together if you budget it you can do it for 3k maximum with flight uncluded for 10days
Still haven't made it up to Connor for almost killing him on that camping trip lol
I'm going in August. Everyone tells me not to. When are the best months to travel to Japan?
This video couldnt have come at a better time with going in September ahah
You forgot to account for the thousands of dollars of assorted merchandise I’ll be buying from my favorite music artists
ode to joy 25:55 🤩🤩
Been planning a trip to japan for a while, but finding wheelchair accessible hotels is ridiculously hard. Even in Tokyo, the list of hotels that have accessible rooms according to their tourism board, 80% listed don’t have dedicated accessible rooms, but on the list as they have a lift… wish they’d improve their accessible tourism!
The timing is perfect - I just booked my trip for the start of July, and already started looking at costs and whatnot.  Thanks!
The worse place I got in Tokyo was near roppangi. It was a room near a freeway. and just a room. No bedding. I ended up ditching the place and going to a place in Jimbocho.
You leave Strong Zero alone! I’m heading to Japan Centre in London to go and pick some up tomorrow. Keep ‘em coming!
Always love a Natsuki episode! Good info too.
How I wish you made this video 5 years ago when we went.
Usually you get what you pay for is so relevant here....
2 weeks: $1.000. Natsuki: Priceless.
Are you going to repay Connor like this? :D
21:00 Me a a friend of mine did exactly this in Kobe. We hat an amazing Wagyu Lunch  including Japanese Whisky in the End and our own chef because we were alone at the teppanyaki plate and we paid around 40-50 Dollars for the whole thing while in the evening only the meat would have been 50 bucks.
My and my boyfriend are going at the start of June. We’re so exited 🎉
probably best guide ever seen in the internet.
XD while 14 days on 1k is nice, the part where i lose 1.5-2.5k on the flights bites too much.
I went in September 2023 for 2 weeks, and it was a very affordable holiday. Bar the costs of the flights from the UK, the amount I spent was much less than what I thought it would be. Also, lots of places accept credit cards (I only went to Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka so can't comment about other places)  If you want to ask if a place accepts credit cards, you can say the simplified phrase, "kurejito kardo wa ee des ka / クレジットカードはいいですか basically means, are credit cards good?
As I said in a reply to that poll on twitter, it is possible to make the all Japan Rail pass worth it if you're spending a while in each area. The 7 day pass would result in you needing to spent 5 minutes in each place as you demonstrate, but the 14 day pass on a trip between Tokyo and Kyushu, stopping for several days in Osaka (with days out to Kyoto and Nara) and Fukuoka (with days out to Hiroshima and Nagasaki) the JR pass just about becomes worth it, but then you can also reserve seats for free, adding some extra value to it. Yes, for most trips who just go to Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka, it's absolutely not worth it, but I do think it's still worth considering for longer trips depending on itinerary.
What a beautiful video ❤
I’m not sure if I remember this correctly but the regular hotels charge per person not just the room size.
"Ahhhh, Woodpecker" XD Natsuki is amazing with comments like that.
Is that calculation just for one person?
It's pronounced 'air doe' because that sounds like Eddo, I think.
Ahhhh perfect timing for this video, I've got my flight booked 10 days from now!! So excited to finally go and see everything Japan has to offer (or as much as I can at least!) This video as well as the previous 14 days in Japan video and many others on this channel have been SO helpful and informative with planning things to do and budgeting, thank you so much Chris!!!
I have multiple chemical sensitivities (MCS), do most hotels use fragrance free laundry detergent linens and towels?
From dog to God.
Wanna go to Japan in the fall next year for 5 weeks. Plan is to spend a week in Tokio, then travel the country for 3 weeks and then again be one last week in Tokio. Any tipps for longer trips?
Natsuki is hysterical. I like him!
I'm going to Japan in 2029 or 2030.
Encouraging more tourists to come here is really not something I like seeing. It's packed to the brim as it is so much I'm moving out to Tokyo to get away from the nuisance tourists.
Esbjerg to Copenhagen standard class is around 110-120 EURO (return ticket) if you dont get an Orange ticket, if you get an Orange ticket its 50 (return ticket) but you need to book it ahead of time.
30:07 / 30:12
Thanks so much, Chris! This video has definitely inspired us, and we have Japan on our bucket list.🤭
Thank you for making this video. It came at the perfect time as I am planning a trip to Tokyo in June with a friend.
lovely chris this helped a lot!
19:10 thanks for the tip im gonna be off my ass drinking strong zero the whole trip
That business hotel room price seems awfully high considering most people book their hotels in advance making it actually a lot cheaper. For my trips to Japan they cost around 4500-6000 yen. They're so standardized I've never had a bad experience.
I've been to Japan twice and always felt that Japan's reputation as an expensive country was exaggerated. In most cases we found the prices decent or even cheap , especially with food and accommodation and at the time (several years back) even the JR pass was a thing. The most expensive thing was always getting there as the plane tickets can be really expensive and you spend most of the time waiting out for a good deal.
Great vid
the convenience store prices are ludicrous.. i live in switzerland where prices are notoriously high, but seeing japans prices makes our prices look astronomical
flights are the killer from uk
we're going for 2 months this summer, im SO excited, cant wait for it
He puts the convertion from Yen to USD and Yen to GBP, but not from Yen to Euros,  Chris I see you understand that we do not need that to figure it out. I'm glad you understand we are of higher intellect that the rest of the world.
ahhh he's run out of ideas...
When you are in an arcade (wich has great games) remember that some games need a Card were you safe your levels on, without that you are stuck on level one and simpyl cant play more than that.. wich is bad when you already put 500Yen in it....
I found a place to stay in Kyoto for 25bucks a night last year. Sure it wasnt big but since i was travelling alone and any place nice for an alone traveller in Kyoto is very expensive i found it to be a steal. It was small but very clean, no bed just a futon and a small window. KInd of a cool experience and it saved me a ton of money.
Mate it costs $60 to Miami from NYC and that distance is the beyond the length of THE WHOLE OF Japan with a $15 gas station dnner or not. Japan is still over priced af for absolutely no bloody reason whatsoever regardless of how you want to anime it to everyone else. Lol. But that's normal. It's always been that way. Hasn't changed since. Nor will it ever.
I'll be there in 10 days. Can't wait!
Stayed in three Mimaru hotels when we went to Japan. Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka, all were really good for our family of four, we felt really cramped when we stayed in other hotels. Definitely worth the cost if you can afford it.   We also used the JR pass to go from Tokyo to Kyoto and on to Kyushu. Then back to Tokyo via Osaka and was an absolute bargain when got those tickets. I’ve since priced up the cost and now that trip is cheaper with individual tickets. JR pass just isn’t worth it anymore and that’s quite sad because I think it will put people off going to the more further away parts of the country, which for me was the best part of the trip.  Also hired a car and drove around Kyushu for a few days and that was cheaper than car hire where I live, only issue with that cost was the tolls.
Going to Japan on my honeymoon at the end of the month. I'm incredibly excited. Obviously with it being a honeymoon, we've gone a bit more towards the luxury side of things, with aims to spend a bit more on food and transport. It's all wagyu beef and Green Car Shinkansen rides for this British idiot.
Was an awesome video. Absolutely gonna steal some ideas from it when I go to Japan whenever it happens. I'm surprised you didn't mention travelling overnight by ferry though, seems to be another good way to get around the country
is their Bearded Lady Boys, at Disneyland Tokyo?
Seems hard to bring luggage on the skinkansens, any advice? Also do you need to still bring lots of cash or is card more used now?
Tokyo Disney Sea is well worth it, and the food is also considerably cheaper than the American parks.
Hi Chris, it’s not the problem being there? It’s the bloody air fares! They’re astronomical atm! 😅
"Sit next to Natsuki and me" Not "Sit next to Natsuki and I". Rearn Engrish, Engrish teacher.
that flash freestlye duo at 24:39 was so hard!
11:36. This will be me and my buddy on our 2 week trip next yr lmao
Your hug undertaking is appreciated Chris. Thank you. Edit: huge.
@26:22 yacht called black bull 😁
need to plan the trip really good and sure it's better to know the language or have a guide
Ok... I had to pause here a second right at the end of the capsule hotel part. I love how Chris said, "After torturing my good friend Natsuki on a deserted frozen island." So not Connor, got it. LOL The VA was not happy I'm sure by that line.
After having lived in SEA I don't think I'll be able to look at the 'budget' option in the 1st world countries the same way ever again.
The fact that i sat through this entire video without once checking my phones shows me just how amazing your videos are!
Does Gran Class comes with Ryotoro?
40 rs 750 ml coke India 97 rs 500 ml coke Japan ? u guys have gold in ur soft drinks? we get 2 litres of coke for 95 rs I guess bad yen bad economy Japan
everytime i watch these videos i just get more overwhelmed on what to do or where to start, ultimately makes me more hesitant on going if that makes any sense
Hey, I'm planning on going in October of this year. How is the payment situation? I'm from Europe (Germany), can I pay by card (even in small restaurants)? Are there ATM's where I can get cash?   Otherwise your thanks a lot for the tips, they will help a lot! :)
Just quietly pretty sure the Suica app only works on iPhones - that might have changed but the biggest issue is the type of NFC they use on the ticket gates in Japan.
0:42 ROMANIA MENTIONED 🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴🇷🇴  WTF IS NO INFLATION
When I went back in 2016 for 3 weeks, I budgeted at around £100 per day, however I didn't spend that, so I usually had some left to spend on gifts or treating myself. When I went again 2018 I aimed for the same but I did take less, around £1500. I did have to covert some extra but that was mostly due to over spending. This didn't include accommodation though, we ended up renting an apartment.
why you gotta use pornhub colors for bus prices???
$2500 is a decent amount - not bad at all if travelling all the way from AZ
As a South African, I've always wanted to visit Japan, unfortunately because my local currency is so weak even the Budget Tier 14 Day travel plan you made seems too much for me. But I won't give up and I'll continue to better myself and save up for this once in a lifetime trip. As always thanks for the great video Chris! Cheers.
Anyway, when is the pitter patter of little feet! ❤❤
Great Video. I really want to visit Japan, but I need to take care of some stuff before I do. I would love to see a video that is a guide of Golden Gai, since that would be a fun nightlife thing to meet locals and such a unique place. Keep up the great videos!
A 0.5l coke for less than 200 yen is wild. You can pay up to like 3.50€ for it here, but usually somewhere around like 2.00-2.50€ for the normal sugar version.
If anybody knows what I mean, can you answer my question in this ‘cryptic’ way: Are the ‘diversity is our strength’ lot allowed there… not that I’d want to go in the easy ‘access areas’ stays anyway
hmm....im going there next year again 4th trip, we have always use rail pass, as it was more value to us then not getting it. we tend to stay there for 3 weeks. last trip was from tokyo to nagisaki up to sapporo by plane then we bullet train back down to tokyo(stayed in places in between). PS: this trip is a winter trip for us.
If your snoring is that bad you really should get a sleep apnea test.
Oh, one type of travel no longer available is by hovercraft in Kyushu. I was lucky enough to ride one when I was a kid because the plane landed at a different airport than scheduled and the airlines paid for the hovercraft and taxi to get to the correct airport.
Weird seeing you dye your hair. Do you normally do it and it's just more obvious in this vid?
Something to consider r.e. JR Pass... some of the Tokyo lines ARE JR lines.
Top notch content as always!
Going this Saturday, cheers mate
Going to Japan again this May. I never skip a day in Nara, the park is one of my favourite attractions in and off itself. I'm still baffled by the low cost of food overall (day to day) compared to The Netherlands.
when using these domestic airlines you are very limited in the amount and weight of your luggage so be wary. A few years ago I went from Narita to Fukuoka and it cost me an additional 10k yen for overweight additional luggage. Now most of the larger carriers use Haneda instead of Narita. Since my destination is Kyushu from the states, I am more or less stuck with ANA to get a smoother flight without a layover. Things may have changed so do your research.  The other thing about flying to Fukuoka, they have an 8:00 pm curfew for flights, so if your plane is delayed it may return to the point of origin if it can't land before 8:00 pm.
Wow I was planning 1000$ for just a week.
I just got back from my first trip to Japan last week and I loved it so much. Easily my favorite trip.
When is the treats for Welsh man?
Man this is SO helpful roomies doing 3 weeks in September. Yes a week in tokyo so I know they will want to do the anime/manga/ shopping, any place for budget shopping you would say is better?. Coming from canada so weight may become a issue if they go silly for battletech/robotech stuff. Second the suica card is it all airports its purchasable from or just a few?.
Needing to purchase and exchange while in Japan and on-the-go, I’d usually just bump two decimal places to get a rough idea of cost (without having to pull out my phone and use an app like the typical tourist).  One of my regrets as a result of this is that when I arrived at the Tokyo Skytree, I saw the price to go up I didn’t do my usual estimate correctly and I missed a decimal place… instead of interpreting about $13.90, I thought it was $139.00.  So, I passed… 😞  It was a beautiful day!  I missed out!
Here's a tip: if you want to eat sushi everyday for cheap, just go to family mart after 9 pm 20/30%. Discount for all sushi. they aren't the best, but they still pretty good.  You are wrlcome.
I loved Fuji-Q and was so shocked how cheap it was even last year as an Australian. The hotel wasn't that badly priced either and was hands down the nicest hotel I had my entire trip. Good tips for all here.
Man, I wonder how much money the Japanese government paid Chris to make this video in an attempt to boost tourism?
The problem is more the air fare than anything else =\
Fly to Japan 19 March. Ticket from Moscow 220$ (bloody western sanctions lol), 7 nights in hotel Tokyo near Asakusa station 240$, 7 nights in hotel Osaka near Namba station 230$. Both hotels single-room en-suite. Visa is free, 4 days to make in Moscow.
In India you get a Coca Cola (2 ltr) bottle at 1.16$
When I saw the Wonda Morning Shot I got good memories. I started every day with it when I lived in Japan. One of the things I bought in bulk 😋  Awesome video! Another one that is very useful to share with friends planning to go to Japan :)
@10:31 Ryotoro?😂
Would you say its important to change notes to spend. Or are card transactions better
Don't sleep on convenience stores for breakfast. I averaged 600 to 700 yen per day for two boiled eggs, four pancakes, yogurt and coffee at 7 Eleven.
Plus 3500 to 7000 dollar flight
Another pro tip for choosing accommodation - make sure you click 'show most recent first' on reviews. Often, places open and they're amazing so they get loads of good reviews, but as time goes by and the owner moves away or sells it, standards slip and things go downhill. I've stayed in awful places with lots of good reviews, then you flick on the 'most recent' filter and see the slow spiral of doom.
im 2 meters tall i cant fit in 80% of the hotels xd
In kyoto now, i always tell people japan isnt that expensive, the food is very cheap and high quality, and it makes all the difference
I'm planning my trip to Japan this year and videos like this one are just priceless. One question, are those prices at the end of the video are for two people, or per person?
Wow 33... Really you look like 43 to be honest
it is doable, assuming u getting grocery discounted meal every day.
Yeah hell no you can't survive on $1000😂😂 unless you sleep at train stations... $2000 is a bare minimum. And would be the most pesant trip ever 😅. If you actually want to experience Japan you need minimum $4000 for 2 weeks.
rest in peAce Akira Toriyama!
I think you have got your work cut out for you if you also want to appease C-Dawg for the way you treat him! 😅
Nice video.  I'm super excited, will finally be going to Japan at last for the first time on the 19th so a little over a week.  Gonna be there for three weeks, going all around, it's going to be wild.
last weekend, I stayed 2 nights at a Comfort Suite In in Dayton Ohio... total cost? $450.00 USD. not counting the Deposit.
Westcoast flights from SFO to Japan during mid December RT $6822 & up before taxes economy non-stop for 3 people. JAL, ANA or United
It's so much easier to understand in direct context honestly. I had my first trip there and had a massive variety of food, expensive and cheap, all of it great. Looking back, to go back for another three week trip and do it at half the cost is extremely possible.
Planning a trip for Feb 2025 so this is pretty good for planning some aspects
Surprisingly cheap ngl, thought I had to pay half my savings on flight alone
I'll be vacationing in Japan next year! My dad and I will only be there for 7 days, yet, we're saving a lot more. My dad's a huge Disney nut, so, we might as well see Tokyo Disney
Japan is indeed a beautiful place to visit, but the feeling of seeing a country that is so beautiful and full of rich culture in rapid decline is heartbreaking.
Hopefully I’ll visit one day
Rad that you call it North America! as a person south of Canada, were they should be included.
can confirm that Strong Zero will absolutely ruin you. that stuff is so dangerous
Poor Connor :(
Chris looking more fit ngl
Chris digging up super old clips to put together into a video heh
I love this style of video! I watch em all but these ones feel so immersive and informative! Would love to see budget ranges for more specific cities/regions and see you try accommodations, food and activities in each price range there! Like Worth It 😂
i got the 14 day jr pass and it's still worth it.    I paid 750 CAD (80k yen) and if I didn't I would have paid like 160,000 yen without unless i did all the headache of regional passes.
Chris Broad by day, Chrispecker by night
Ooh… after spending about $6,000.00 to hang around London and Scotland for two weeks, this sounds so reasonable.
The airline names had me laughing my duck off
Oh wow, even the highest trip cost is still about $162 a day over 14 days! That is still quite amazingly reasonable for 14 day trip and trying not to skip out on much if any.
When I first looked at this video, the first thing that came to mind at the hotel room at 6:03 is that I recognise its layout from the anime: Bunny girl senpai. But then im not surprised that animations are inspired by real life and thus pretty damn accurate recreations.
Chrispecker…oh no!
Isn’t 500 a week a lot?
I just came from japan. I decided to boojie up my transport. I road the shinkansen more than normal trains. The price of a 2 hour shinkansen ride can cost less than an uber ride in hawaii -_-
When is the best time of year to go?
really great set of videos on this! appreciated muchly!
rip akira toriyama
Crazy to think that the Australian equivalent of STRONG ZERO = which is named '-196' (which is 6% alc and 330ml per can ) over here is ¥1,960 for a 4-pack!
I showed this video to my friend and he said you look like a healthy Elon Musk.
ROTFL he didn't take @cdawgva poor guy hated that camping trip.
If you managed to avoid Don Quijote, then you are all good.
I spent all of June traveling pretty much the entire length of Japan and spent 5000 USD, plane ticket included.
They should reduce the price the price of the railroad pass again
@AbroadinJapan I've been planning for a trip my Colombian girlfriend and myself for awhile. You mentioned the "Strong Zero", I drink a 6 pack of 9.9% beer a night (sometimes more). Yes, I may be an alcoholic, but working in the restaurant industry does that. Do you recommend I do Sake instead, if so Warm of Cold Sake?   BTW: Thank you for this video, given me much guidance. With travel in mind, Do you think we should do the train or get a international driving license and rent a car?
Do you have videos about japan's ski resorts?
NOT the woodpecker!
thats crazy that they wanna ban strong zero they are basiclly saying your guys are so stupid we cannot sell this to you because your just so dumb you cant handle it and that makes me so stupid that just because some morons might screw up with it dosent mean you should punish everyone not to mention the people that the ban is targeting will just move onto something else it wont dissuade anything it wont change anything other than calling you dumb and another chip towards authoritarian bs this is very disappointing to hear
Been waiting a new video ever since the non stop north ended. ❤❤
A friend and I are going in late may and flights were so so expensive, but accommodation hasn't been too bad price wise. Looks like we chose the right time to go.  (we've been saving up too)
Would you recommend buying a physical SIM card or getting an e-sim?
can i just say. those prices even accounting for conversion into Australian are insane. that single can of strong zero would probably cost here in dollery doos like $15-20 A CAN!!!
2.99m subscribers
I really like this video because it honestly showcases both the personal and professional relationship between Chris and Natsuki in such a sweet way. Thanks for bringing us along all these years.
You should really link the video for tourists of what not to do in Japan
Good hotels are very expensive. Maybe food is cheap.
I'm going this October! This will be such a huge help, thank you!!
Going to Japan next Friday 3/15! Super excited!
Mr abroad! this video was so informative, concise, and well put together 🤩
I did 2 weeks on 2000 USD on 3 separate trips but that was two people each time. So yes, I can be done. Hoping I can maybe parlay that financial responsibility into making 2000 grand last a month later this year when I go over to wrestle.
The flight itself is around a 1000 dollars for many americans, and while I can understand some people justifying spending more on the flight than the accommodations and food for the trip, it does seem like an odd choice to cramp yourself into a capsule hotel to make it a 2000 dollar trip. Also when it comes to flying internationally, "budget" airlines are never a good idea.
Almost 3 MILLION subscribers! A HUGE Congratulations Chris and the Abroad in Japan team!
Everytime I hear "Shibuya" there's only one thing that comes to mind
I’ve watched Japan eat, I know the average meal is less than £8
Natsuki is hilarious! LOL
i would love to see a video of you trying to experience all the "must-do" things in japan in just 7 days. Taking advantage of everything a visitor could to maximize the short amount of time.  thanks for the great videos!
Is it my own idea to look like Elon Musk?😂😂
It’s totally worth it due to the exchange rates and some stellar airline and hotel deals. I’ve gone in 2022, 2023, and hopefully will go back in early 2025. Friggin LOVE Japan.
5:25 With the music, I thought Chris was about to crack open a laptop and play OS Runescape. 😅
Did a 3.5 week trip to Japan last year. Was close to $4000 but to be fair i did kind of go all out. This year I'm scaling it back 😅
As of this very moment, I have officially, over the course of a little over 3 months, watched every single video on the Abroad in Japan and the Chris Abroad YouTube Channels! I did it! 11 years of content consumed!
are we just going to ignore the dudes in gokarts in the first 5 seconds of the vid just crusing around mario kart style? :P
Fun fact for those who haven’t heard of this GREAT solution to the compromise of low japanese air carrier price, and major carrier comfort, check out the JAL Explorer pass! Its not a one ticket gives unlimited rides deal like JR pass, but it does let you fly on full size JAL aircrafts, and thwir full size seats, for as little as 5500 JPY depending on your route! Longer routes cost more, but being able to fly across large portions of the country for less than a Cab across Tokyo, is WILD! ANA also offers a similar product too!
I went to Japan for the first time for 2023 Christmas and New Years as a solo trip and I stayed in Business Hotels (APA and JAL City). They were all fantastic value for money and I can't recommend them enough for couples or solo travellers!
Rip Akira Toriyama
My true dream trip is to follow in Chris' steps and ride a bicycle across Japan, I wonder what kind of budget you'd need for something like that  🤔
One thing people tend to forget about the JR Pass is that it is good for ALL JR transportation (Bus, local train, ferry, etc.). Check the city where you stay, if the they have JR as local transport, it is well worth it.
It has been 0 videos since Chris has beatboxed
Here's what I spent during 26 days in September/October last year: Flights from FRA to HND and back: 1520 € Domestic flights from HND to ISG, HIJ, OKA and back: 450 € Hotels: 1450 € Cash, Suica, Okica, credit card, etc: 1330 €. Total: 4750 € (approx. $ 5035)  I'll watch the video later today and see how much I may be able to save next time. :)
Fantastic video Chris!
Euro would be nice ❤
26:29 oh cool, Japan has their own Mount Maunganui!
Honestly, it was cheaper than we thought. My wife and I spent 2 weeks in Japan last month and everything was super duper cheap, even compared to China where we reside full time
recently was in Japan for 8 days, left spending under $1,000 even though I was buying literally everything I wanted
I'm going japan for a month mid may I cant wait
Everything on accommodations of all types except Sharla's B&B 🤫  Great video, very informative.  A lot of info and very entertaining.
The JR part made me laugh so hard bc of the speed run part  We went to Japan during the worst time to visit the country aka new years. (We arrived in Japan on dec 30 and left on Jan 6) We had gotten the JR pass so we went from Tokyo to Osaka then to Kyoto then to Hiroshima and then back to Tokyo 😂
Wait, Chris is younger than me?
Chris has cracked the code for retaining people's attention, his videos are always funny and interesting.
I'm planning to head to Japan about this time next year, this has been great to help me set what budget I should set. Thanks.
Wow sounds like a great affordable holiday.  Just looking at prices for London Hotel stays in Sept and a Standard Japanese trip is the equivalent to about 5 nights accommodation.
im planning my 7 day trip in japan in sept. def a good video to see what to do on the cheap
You know you're good friends when you record the other snoring to prove it to the internet even when sleeping in deluxe accommodations 🤣
You need to do a better, longer version of the Oda Nobunaga rap.
Love the Meiji Jingu song 😆👌
More bang for your buck in a love hotel. I'm sure.
i booked a singles hotel room for  under 6000 yen per night for this july.   btw ANA and JAL launched LCC of their own, ZIpair and AirJapan. so getting into japan from asia will get easier/cheaper.
4 cans of 9% beer is a trip to narnia ? That's about 3 glasses of average wine.
Perfect timing, I am headed to Tokyo in two days for 2 weeks, just what I needed! Thanks for all the help Chris!
I just went to Japan for a week and a half in February!  We stayed in one of the APA Hotels in Shinjuku.  It was crazy to see your view from in Kabukicho Tower cuz I could see places I went to in and around Kabukicho!! It's so cheap to go to Japan right now, and I really hope I can go again next year.  I picked up the Pasmo Passport card at the airport.  The price may be different by now, but they were selling them for 1500 yen instead of the normal 2,000 yen price tag, yet it still came loaded with 1500 yen.  free IC card, basically!  I could even buy it with my credit card.  i was very surprised.
"Ground control to Major Tom..." XD
Wow those hotel prices were really eye opening! Even a pretty basic roadside hotel in a normal US city starts at like $120 a night. You've really convinced me with this video - the flight is painful but price wise it's like traveling to Poland or something  also man, you calling attractions like the sky deck pricy - One World Trade was $60 last time I was there lol
Chrispecker = mic drop
Your videos helped me plan my trip to Japan. We just came back and loved every moment. It cost so much less than we ever expected. Thank you for all your hard work over the years, and helping people make their trip to this beautiful country a little easier.
I'll be spending a month in Japan for the first time during April/May (Yeah, Golden Week for my first visit...) and then again later this year for 3 months. Looking forward to it!
Hey Chris, about Gran Class it has expanded to the Hokuriku line as far as I know.  You can now go from Tokyo to Kanazawa in Gran style!
$1000 for someone who lives in thrid world country is still insane amount of money 😂 its literally 2 years worth of salary for me
Tried this trick once and it saved me (experience may vary for some of you):  - Always rely on Flexstay Inn for a good price-to-hygiene ratio for accommodation. I don't mind small rooms and basic amenities, at the very least it's clean AF.  - If you're gonna be in around Tokyo & Greater Tokyo only, GREATER TOKYO PASS will saves you tons.
I'm actually going to Japan this April! I'm really excited!
Natsuki makes every episode he is in
....you're 100% gonna make Connor stay at the first one, aren't you 😂
You know that quick taste of "Meiji Jingu" has the potential to knock "Too much Volcano" off the AIJ number 1 song list? I think the full version should be recorded WITH Chris on beatbox duties.
We stayed in Kinshicho on our last visit. I'm glad the original accomodation in Shinjuku fell through, because everything was at least a third cheaper in Kinshicho than that tourist trap, plus had amazing transport links. Dinner for 3 with sake was around $80 AUD. And we did see a more urban view of Tokyo, along with the rikishi relaxing post-tournament.
the life on mars got me laughing hard 🤣
Lol but no mention of your fiance nuku nuku inn lol ya wanker lol
We planned to go this autumn but have delayed due to ongoing health concerns with our pets. I will be tucking away my work bonus and one day we will more spontaneously make the journey.  Thanks for continuing to update us with current travel information Chris, and the crew!
I needed this video 10 years ago.luckily, i stayed at a sunroute hotel near shinjuku
Why didn't you use Euro's in the prices...?
perfect timing, i’m doing a month long backpacking trip across japan on 2200$ 😂 thanks man
Honestly if you can pay for the plane flight. The rest of the trip can so done so cheaply im about to go back on my 4th trip in may this year. Cant wait
love that the set looks so similar to your old place, felt weird for a second.
Problem is flight tickets to Japan is not cheap. The airlines know people want to go to Japan, thus they still charge a premium for tickets.
I really want to go to japan but.. I'm just a little bit (or a lot) too fat, and even if I completely turned my life around it would take years to get to a state where I can go. Not because I'm that massive (even though I am like.. 150-160kg), but because I've always been really slow to lose weight. So I'm just in a perpetual state of "maybe in a few years, but even then I might not get fit enough so I'm not going to bother".. combined with living in the middle of nowhere so food options aren't great.
Hopefully by the end of the year I might finally be able to visit Japan, this guide is very much appreciated!
the production is immaculate
Even the premium itinerary is cheaper than just the cost to fly out there for me 😭
did half the country on 08. bought a rail pass and hit the hot spots. was a tad pricey back then
chris definitely gets a fat check from the japan tourism board
Warning though. My welcome suica card refused to work on the kyoto subway. I got locked in the station as well with non of the terminals work and angry staff of why i didn't give them my non existent shinkanzen ticket
Nice haircut Chris
Going to Japan in 2 weeks for 2 weeks. This video will turn out helpful.    Granted doesn’t help if your an avid pokemon fan and literally temped to drop 75,000 yen at the Pokémon center 😅
I’ve never seen you do wheelchair accessible hotel rooms, I want to go to Japan one day but not being able to get around in a room because it’s not accessible is bleh
It is still way too expensive for me
I have to say this is one of the best guide I have seen so far and really detailed this video has answered all my question, I always thought it cost so much to go there
Japan Rail Rail Pass? At least I don't need a PIN number
i am paying 80 000 jpy just for utilities - that is 1/3 of my salary...
Thanks a lot, I'm going to Japan in May for the first time for 3 weeks. I think I'll do a mix between the 3 options!
I do try to go budget most of the time! Thanks for existing!
円安マックの値段見てビックリしちゃった…
I LOVE you my guy!
Natsuki is such a good sport.
You need a cpap Chris lol
Going to Japan soon for the first time.. aiming for £4000 total for a full month. Sounds like its doable. thank you for the in-depth video.
21:41 I've never felt more connected to man more than this.
$15 for an observation deck is CHEAP compared to NYC, they wanted $50 at One World!
Honestly budget wise this has given me a lot of hope. I have been saving far more than the final totals you showed at the end. I was so stressed I wouldn't be able to save enough to go a lil crazy 😅
I'm glad you made it up to Natsuki. He's no spring chicken anymore,  so you gotta keep that in mind as you prank him.
So much cheaper than Australia. Heading to Tokyo in 2 weeks time!
Let's not aside the flight cost too much it's atleast $1000 roundtrip airfare
Green car for me wasnt really worth it, the only thing i valued compared to a regular car was the hot towel they had. Return ticket from Tokyo to Kyoto. This was during the old pricing for rail pass too.
visited japan for 3 months last year to see all the sights. Rail pass might still be worth it if you are a little crazy like me and travel from tokyo to sapporo back all the way down to Kagoshima. probably the best thing I ever did in my life. Surprised to see I only spent about half the amount of money I set aside for the trip. About a week in I just stopped looking at the prices because it was all really cheap anyway. In the end I had enough money left to get a cheap ticket on the ferry from Fukuoka to Busan (highly recomend it if you want to see South-Korea as well)
NO! Dont take away my STRONG ZERO!!!!
Coming from Australia everything in Japan costs at least half what it does here, sometimes even a third. Alcohol is more like a quarter!
Natsuki was in capsule 316 thus confirming he's the Japanese Stone Cold Steve Austin
Chris lost some weight! Either that or the gravity has lowered in Tokyo. Either way, looking good mate!
I won't be going to Japan until 2026 at the earliest and this now makes me sad
Chris needs a CPAP, seriously.
thanks for using canada in your sponcer spot
Natsuki-isms: Life of Mars  Ground control to Major Tom Look at my dog house Good key I feel like a god Welcome morning beer…like an uncle
fantastic video subject
My group of friends will be in Japan for 10 days in September. I can't wait to get there.
Heading to Japan soon! Where did you get the waygu teppanyaki?! Need to go!
Re: "luxury" travel, like the Shinkansen's Gran Class: I have a back problem & had to have spinal surgery a few years ago. I get back ache very easily even just from walking around for 20 minutes. Airplanes and trains tend to be incredibly painful too because of the small, hard seats. So while a Gran Class might seem like a posh option for the average traveler, for disabled people like me, it can sometimes be the only way to travel comfortably without pain, especially on longer journeys. Just wanted to add another perspective!
Planning a solo travel for about 3-4 week to Japan later this years as "wfh" trip. Thanks for the tips.
God I wish this video came out a week ago when I was booking my accommodation, will definitely take the rest of the ideas though!!
You forgot overnight Ferries.
I travelled to Japan from Serbia. My costs overall, literally for everything ended up being around $1800 or so. That includes airplane ticket, hotels, museums, internet, JR Pass, food and more.  I never once felt I needed more money, it was pretty nice. I went alone too. Ticket was around $700, hotels around $450, $200 or so for JR pass etc.   I did stay for 10 days but even 2 weeks would have been easy.
Japan is way cheap/affordable compared to the Western world, especially dining out.
"You didn't just come to Japan to eat at a convenient store"  Brother you don't know how much I want to do exactly that after hearing you praise that Chicken so much.  I'm /dying/ to try that chicken.
Accommodation: ¥70k Transport: ¥30k Food: ¥20k Attractions: ¥5k BUT Manga: ¥200k
You should definitely do a how to live in Japan video or how  much it cost to live in Japan I don’t know if you did those before but would be nice😂
#TeamNatsuki
Thanks Abroad in Japan team for the overall travel summary! This was fantastic. This year might be the year for me to travel to Japan to see my childhood friend whom I haven't seen in 20 years and to enjoy all the accomodations and sights. :)
I’ll be in Tokyo in a few days. Perfect timing for this vid
$67 is a bargain for that kind of meal. Same for the scenic views.
Come on, who brings farm animals to a hotel room???
I visited Tokyo last year and had 2 people in one of the single bed business hotel rooms. It was awful staying in that cramped room 😅. Had a great time otherwise. :)
Natsuki gets his time in the sun! The man deserves it.
Wow, great content!! Thanks for sharing!
I almost left at the mention of Disneyland 🤣
Natsuke's reactions = priceless!   He mastered the art of sarcasm
I went to Japan several times before covid with my wife and son and we always spent less than 200,000 yen (not included jr pass and airlines ticket of course as jr pass alone already 29000 per person and half that for kid). This is vacation cost for 3 person for around 9-14 days.   Once I went with my wife sister and her daughter during winter vacation and we spent less than jpy 300,000 exclude jr pass and airline ticket. This is for 5 person for 9 days vacation consist of staying in mystays chain in yokohama, nice usual standard hotel in aomori and one night onsen in okkunikko (3 adults, one 12 years old kid and one 9 years old kid). We also dont buy full jr pass and only tohoku pass so it was cheaper. Please be mind that this is with 2  under age kids so you cannot go to cheap capsule hotel and something like that and you have to provide acceptable food for the kids  Of couse you can not enjoy fancy wagyu or fancy sushi but we enjoy our visit.
i assume this is for a single person? so could we expect a 60% increase in that if we bring a signifcant other? not asking for myself
Being IN Japan on a budget isn't the problem. It's the flight to Japan that usually breaks a lot of people's wallets. But even so, I had a small budget myself while being there and still had a large chunk of it left (which I will take on my 3rd trip out eventually)
This is a perfect video to plan a trip. Thank you! Will add it to my ideas. Really your 14 day trip before seemed like it would be perfect as well and it seems reasonable too.
Fun story! I accidentally booked a night at a love hotel in Hamamatsu, while in the States I saw the most beautiful tub over looking the ocean and wanted it! I got there... 1000% a love hotel! Was hilarious and fun! 24 hour food service was nice too LOL  I "splurged" when I was there and spent 2000 for 20 days. I stayed mostly at hostels and loves them (mostly) I had the absolute best time and can't wait to come back!  Much love from Arizona 💜💜
sweet leaving 3.14 for my fifth trip...Kanazawa and Takayama are new points this time. Thanks for the recommendations in your other video Mr Affable
The most expensive thing about a trip to Japan is the plane tickets. After that, even someone like me on a fixed income of disability benefits could afford spending a few days without breaking the bank.
Great video!  Really enjoyed this one.
The most expensive part of visiting Japan, is the round trip there and back. But as someone that has been to Japan, I highly recommend it for everyone.
I was just in Japan, i was there from 3/2-3/5. 3/3 I went there for a concert (BabyMetal) and yes its a different experience from a show in the states. 3/4 Sadly for me i was just dead to the world, jet lag and a metal concert destroyed me. 3/5 i seen on the app my flights checking were closed causing some stress making me have to go to the airport early to find out its in person check in only. I wouldnt change the experience though it was my first time traveling. I also stayed in the Shin-Yokohama train station hotel.
Question about Suica Cards. I had one and used it a lot when I lived in Japan. Last time was back there was 17ish years ago. Still have some yen on it. Do they expire or can I pick up where I left off in traveling with it?
The most expensive part of visiting Japan is getting the flight to Japan.
23:31
Awesome video. I've been wanting to go to Japan on vacation for ages. (I'm in Montreal, QC). Aside from the airfare, it sounds like there are a few ways to save money and still enjoy the experience.   Question though: how much Japanese would you recommend someone learn before visiting? Would someone be able to get by with a few basic sentences and common expressions, or would it be better to take some proper lessons and have a good basic grasp of the language, as well as reading and writing, before visiting? What would you guys suggest? :)
my plane ticket alone cost 3k lol.
Who wants a video for the creepy, $16 room with no doorblock?  Start likes here!
Honestly, I'd be happy with that business hotel. The view was actually quite nice as someone who loves the neon sign cyberpunk aesthetic
Hi Chris! What was the name of the teppanyaki restaurant? It looked delicious 😋
Use this comment as the petition to get Chris to stay in that 16 dollar room.
The TRUE cost of eating BigMacs or any of the artificial substances or chemicals at McDonald's is getting McCancer or McDiabetes with a side order of Obesity, Pain and Despair 🤮
So close to 3 million!!!!!
Just came back on Wed and this particular trip was the worst ever. Gastro otw over, flu, fever, headache, back ache then gastro otw back home.  Booking nice restaurants is almost impossible. It's reservation only and most won't accept pre bookings from outside Japan.
Americans cringing at “Disneyland Orlando”  we forgive you 😭
Damn, Natsuki is looking old.
On my way to Tokyo in 14 days from now. Lifetime dream trip
I just came back from a 2 week trip. It's dirt cheap compared to Toronto.
I recommend Sakura house, its like an airbnb but with better prices, i am paying around 900usd for a month
The premium is cheaper for 14 days still than what it costs to stay in my own Country (The US) for a week. This definitely is making me want to go visit once those ticket prices can fit my budget too!
Yeah.. flights aside... In Canada it's 2 000 $ CAD to go to Japan. Paid 1300 $ in 2018 when I went. But this is worth it I think.
Hotel Nikko has been the best I've found as far as cost/comfort.
Do you have any recommendations for flying to Japan.
"Fairly well rounded lunch" lulz, you crack me up Chris
Living in Illinois, the price difference is absolutely depressing. The trip itself would cost less than just living in my own town!
I ate at sushi wagyu samurai yesterday. Aside from the gangsters waiting inside near the door i had a swell time.  Sarcasm btw😂
FYI we economists are not using tongue and cheek when we use the Big Mac as the basis for relative currency strength. It might be funny but Micky D's was the first to be that ubiquitous to be able to judge relative currency value.
Natsuki and david bowie...😍
Perfect time to go to Japan right now! As long as you can find a decent price on flights
Love the video like all the ones before. Could you please also include the € prices. We Love you
Just wish flights from the US didn't cost 2500 bucks for basic econ right now
I'm 5 weeks off my dream of visiting, that I've wanted to do for over 13 years. I'm going all out for the 11 nights I'm here, maybe I will come again on a budget = D
Connor must be so mad seeing Natsuki in the luxurious hotel knowing he also almost froze to death camping XD
Is that a new series? Speed Run Japan In 7 Days? I would totally be apart of that!
Ok, for a price check. I was in Japan for 30 days in 2023 during the cherry blossom time. Flew from Berlin Germany to Toyko via Business class. Toured from Tokyo to Nagasaki and back again. With 3 nights at Kinosaki in the Nishimuraya Honkan, 3 nights at Universal Studios Osaka and 3 nights at Tokyo Disneyland. My total cost was 21,600 Euro. That includes all spending money too.
you can definitely find hostel/capsule hotel with some social interactions like one i went to in taito in 2018 where the main lobby had a lots of the tenants sitting and conversing
Plan to go to Japan this year! Looking at going in May or June I think. Would be going for a solid month though and have a decent budget in mind of $20k CAD or so total. Can't wait!
Pro tip: the hotel at 7:46 is in the Kabuchiko Tower in Shinjuku, and while the 5-star Bellustar Hotel shown is a bit overpriced, there's a 4-star hotel right below (Hotel Groove, floors 17-38) which has nearly the same views at a much better rate! The average rooms are around $150-$200 USD per night, instead of $600+. We had an amazing stay there, would recommend!
21:12 That tappanyaki place looks good. Does anyone know the name?
I've been binging old content for so long I've never been here for a new video I just wanted to say hello and thank you abroad in Japan is been a gift
Super appreciate a video about this since I'm going in November and didn't have a ballpark of how much the cost would be quite yet!
Another cheap food hack: supermarkets in the afternoon and evening! Grab the marked-down bentos, side dishes, bread, fruit. Most bigger supermarkets even have microwaves for you to heat up your purchases if your accommodations don't have one or you want to eat in a park or something. And way cheaper to get drinks at the supa than konbini or vending machines.
Japan can be quite cheap, especially with the falling yen.  Snacking on convenience store meals certainly goes a long way to cutting your budget.  I also recommend visiting department stores in the evening and picking up discounted sushi.  It's still fresh and delicious, and also half price.
Booked my trip to Japan to go in September! Cannot be more excited to go. Watching your videos has been extremely informative and has only fueled my excitement to go. Keep up the good work Chris!
Where’s cdawgva?
NATSUKI IS THE BEST GUEST ON YOUR SHOW, PERIOD!!!
Awesome video. This actually makes me very hopeful for my future trip to Japan. My trip will be in about 3 years, but this gives me hope that I'll have saved more than enough by then for this trip!  Also! Preemptive congratulations on 3 million subs!
I love this video! I’m planning a trip to Japan. I’m leaning towards the more traditional accommodations, rather than the cheaper ones. But I would like to rent a car to see some of those places that are a little off the beaten path. How expensive is it to rent cars in Japan? What do you need to do before the trip in order to rent a car in Japan (International car license?)
You are a terrible friend! 🙄😂
Very informative video. Hopefully it’ll get 1 million plus views and Chris will hit 3 million subscribers 👍🏻
Why am I not surprised Rissotoro is in grand class...
wowowoow
I suffer from chronic diarrhea, so a capsule hotel would be horrorshow.
I am now convinced the best way to see Japan is to have Chris Abroad as your personal tour guide. But he would hate doing it as it's nothing new to him. Which would definitely raise the price that he would do it. Probably $10k for a 2 wk trip doing the high tier pricing. Worth it though
Going to japan next month for the first!!! thrilled!
You're making me miss Japan so much right now! I was there for the first time in November for my birthday. I stayed for 3 weeks for less than 2000 USD. It was such a dream come true. Can't wait to be back.
If you’re not in Tokyo/osaka everywhere else is super affordable
Natsuki's little rap is hilarious!
The problem is the price of a round-trip airplane ticket between the U.S. and Japan is now ridiculous.
The haircut/style took off about 10-20 years of your face Chris, you look great.
we literally did 2 weeks in with 1000$. we did this twice!  of course not including our flights.
I was there for a week and loved my time spent exploring.  I am going to come back soon and bring a few friends
Just got back a few days ago. Spent about $2400 total (not including plane tickets) stayed with my brother who’s studying abroad, we saw so much and even got to fly down to Okinawa and spend 4 days in tropical weather before I flew back to the US… it’s certainly a lot more affordable than I thought!
@17:57 Greek yogurt in Japan, how things have changed in past 10 years... and it is pronounced "EE-cos" in Greek (οίκος) transliterated (and mispronounced) in english as "OI-kos", meaning home.
**Excited Ryotaro Noise**
Thanks for some insights Chris. I'm graduating college in August so I was thinking of going abroad for the first time in my life to Japan. I was also thinking around a week or two. So many places to visit and I'm excited for it.
I come to Japan in a month. Just booking lots of things. This video couldn't have been better timed. Thanks Chris 😊
I travel to JPN yearly with $3000AUD that includes everything, ezpz
Can I ask. What on earth is the best way to Fiji Q? Google instructions seem ridiculous, is it that hard? 😃 Amazing video! Thankyou!
If you have the budget for either teppanyaki or high end sushi, which is better?
Yo I’m not gonna lie I love ExpressVPN 🤣🤣🤣
Super interesting to see the different price points. I would've also appreciated seeing car rentals in transportation but I can figure that out.
6:38 what a crazy coincidence that you got assigned a capsule next to Vaush!
I can’t wait to go in May
Chris still makes lots of family mart fried chicken jokes, but tbh he's looking a lot better
Chrispecker lolol
Man Japan looks like a dream i wish i could visit but i will never be able to
For public bath houses, what are options like if you have tattoos? Bc that was my issue on my first trip there with a friend and needed to get a private onsen which cost a pretty penny
Honestly, I’ve been thinking about it and it’s probably better if I plan it instead of going on a tour guide I’m not sure what’s more recommended but the tour guide I found this around $3000 but realistically I’m probably better off just playing the trip. Any recommendations?
One other accommodation/entertainment option are internet cafes. There are a lot of them in the major cities and for around 3000-5000 yen per 24hrs you can get a private room (capsule hotel size but more headroom) as well as unlimited drink bar and tons of entertainment like thousands of manga, gaming computers, darts, billiards, and karaoke. Most usually have showers and laundry for around 100 yen, a tiny convenience store for some travel essentials, and plenty of food options (not usually the best food though). If your budget is tight and you're traveling solo then it's hard to beat.
Similar to Sushi&Wagyu samurai, we saw a place called Izakaya in niseko, it felt nothing like an Izakaya and was incredibly overpriced, we walked out after they showed us to our table and we saw the menu. The main problem is niseko is incredibly overcrowded and overpriced.
What of i don't want to be in the big city. Cant speak Japanese and just want 3 days in a countryside inn in japan with a comfortable bath
Yeah I was really surprised how cheap it was compared to here in the UK when I went for the first time last year. Heading over again at Easter and the yen is even weaker this year. The hotels are crazy cheap compared to Travelodge / Premier Inns etc in the UK.
The speed-run segment for the JR Rail Pass made me lose it 😂
3:46 Natsuki's expression looks like my grandad's face when reacting to anything.
I am considering just buying yen for a future vacation is that something you might do I mean I know you're not a financial advisor but you said it's a magical price at the moment and honestly I want to go to Narnia for $5.
I just got back from a 23 day trip, so just over 3 weeks. For me and my partner, everything was $10,500 AUD all up - flights and accommodation included. I thought we did pretty well!  Also stayed in that ryokan you recommended in the 24 hours in Asakusa video Chris! We even got the same room as you after we double checked the video, the view of the pagoda was amazing.
Very informative, thank you.
Just bought plane tickets yesterday! Quite aspicious! Let's hope that from here to Autumn the yen doesn't rise spectaculary in price.  Btw Chris, how about putting prices in Euros as well? 😜
Chris looks so thin😮😮
Could you make a video tutorial someday on how you produce/edit your videos? Your production quality is always amazing dude!
I was talking to my mum about wanting to go to Magical Mirai this morning, and was crying about the cost of travelling lol
Chris you are a legend.
I really enjoyed staying at a capsule hotel in Kyoto when I last visited, really much more pleasant way to spend the night, and you don't go to Japan for a sumptuous hotel stay, you go to be outside the hotel room :p  edit - also konbini food is top tier is something I truly miss these days living in the states
Lyrics: 🎶 Meijin jingu、 🎶 Meijin jingu。 🎶 Nobunaga- 🎶 Nobunaga Oda。
Yea when I was in Japan back in summer 2008 me and my friend just did Hostels, and we stayed at the Sakura Hotel Jimbocho, and did a capsule hotel in Akihabara for a night.  Sakura Hotel was great.
Every time Chris says his age I’m baffled he isn’t ten years older…. in a good way? yeah…
Poor Natsuki is now looking old….           enough for rides on a rollercoaster
Went to Japan last January. Splurged around $20k for 10 days due to things we bought and went to.
This felt like a "Life Where I'm From" video from Greg, the Canadian JP Youtuber I adore. Wonderfully put together and as always, we love a taste of Natsuki's reactions and personality. Nonetheless, I really enjoyed each segment of this video and although I dreamt once upon a time of visiting Japan with my ex, it's nice to live vicariously through you. Thanks as always Chris for your amazing videos and I wish you, your friends, and Sharla all the best. Looking forward to each new video whether it's a Wacky Weekend, torturing Connor, or simply chatting. All the best : )
73p for a single banana! Japan really can’t do cheap fruit…
Capsule Hotel or Things not to do in Japan video next?
What an insane first shot Chris! The billboards, the go karts and the people in the background, it almost looks like you greenscreened yourself in! How the hell did u manage that?
Natsuki didn't accept the free kei car, so Chris gave him one night in a hotel that costs as much as the car.
you are looking good chris!
Sounds great - I need three weeks minimum !! Time to start saving up....
This was such an awesome watch! I hope to take a vacation to Japan someday. I'll look back at this video if I ever do. Ty
There are rooms in the Toyoko Inn for $32.
Might be a good idea to make a complete series of ~14 episodes (2 weeks), each episode one full day travel guide in Japan as a 1st time tourist from the very first step of landing at the air port. Show best 'bang for buck' locations, activities, restaurants, hostels... each day as an actual tourist. I 'm certain most places will sponsor you for the exposure.
It cost us $5 USD to take the local train from Osaka to Nara.
that's a hard 33 years.
Ngl. Grand class seems so bizarrely cheap at those prices lol
The 500 ml bottle of Coke is around 69 pence cheaper than the current UK RRP. Most things seems to a fairly substantial amount less. 🇬🇧 getting the shaft as ever
Natsuki at Royal Host looked like a million dollars
I live in a relatively cheap state in the US (Missouri for those who care) and a 20 ounce (591 ml) bottle of Coke costs more than double the price quoted in the lunch section. 😮😮
Im litteraly traveling to Akihabara/tokyo in may for the first time for 2 weeks! Perfect videoo
Great video very informative and great in sight to what’s available, also fun to watch you spoil Natsuki,
Honestly Ireland is desperate to have those cheap prices again for accommodation, so jealous of Japan
Great video. How much more do we have to add to the budget if we want souvenirs? 😅
LETS GET TO 3 Million SUBS PLS HE WILL REWARD US IF WE GET HIM THERE
I know the yen is weak BUT these merchants are hiking up all the prices even JR raise all prices. So before you go to japan thinking your money will go further because of a weak yen, just know prices for services, merchandise and housing are all jacked up. Locals know where to get discounts or know when things go on sale ie maybe 3pm all bread goes 1/2 off or at 4pm bento go on sale. You as a tourist won't know where or when to get these bargains.
Natsuki has definitely picked up Chris's sarcastic sense of humor, his reaction to the capsule hotel was hilarious. Life on Mars, LMAO 🤣🤣
Damn Chris, you looking good!
Been watching your content for some time, always informative and entertaining, but damn, you upped your production quality with the chapter cut art. Thanks for doing what you do!
like this comment if you too FKN love Abroad in Japan, it is actually one of the best YouTube channels in History. love you too natsuki
I want to come hang out with Natsuki for a week...
Are you plannng any special event when your YT channel surpasses 3 million subscribers?
Finally an actually acurate budget trip
could be worse - could be air DOH -
I'm going to work in a hostel in Osaka starting in April with the Working holiday I just got. Watching your videos while knowing I will soon be there for multiple months feels Unreal. Thank you for fueling my love for Japan !
epic
Well, I wouldn’t eat Macdonald food anyway and sleep in capsule hotel either. So I guess not possible for me   This trip $1000..
Looking slim mate 👍
One day my hubby and I will do a Japan trip and I already planned for us to stay in primarily love hotels in the cities and then splurge on a nice traditional Ryokan near the end.
The room with no lock is definitely the location for the next wacky weekend.
In 2017, went with some mates to tokyo for 9 days (from UK) lived at glorious APA hotel in shinjuku. Total expenses 1900 usd per person.
IMO, the problem with traveling to Japan, isn't the prices in the country. It's the road to there and back. For example, just getting there for me it's like 1keuro just going there and 1keuro back. So that's 2k euro just for the road. Taking my SO with me, that means 4k euro JUST for the road. This is the problem. If the flights weren't that pricy, next month I'll be in Japan.
Pretty accurate and informative video for everyone who want a nice vacation trip in Japan. As others have mentioned in the comments, the biggest hurdle right now is the flight tickets, and more if someone is based in South America (like me) and wanna to do that trip. I went to Japan last December for 21 days with just $5000 and just the flight tickets were almost $2300 round trip (via Europe, could be a bit cheaper with other routes but have some added costs sideways so, basically for me, that was the cheapest flight I could find at that time).
Dope!! Can I visit you when I come to Japan this October lol?
Careful, Chris! Many famous men *DIED* at 33 years old! =@[.]@=
Great video Chris love your content and wish you the best
Dude, that won’t cover delivery Pizza - definitely not delivery Health
Take this video down. People don't need to know this.
I live in a small country in Europe and I was thinking about saving up and taking a trip to two Asian countries at once that are near by :) Your videos always help me not only get ideas but this time I can actually put the costs and count the overall I might need more efficiently ^^ So thank you so much for that
Are overnight trains gone now?
Honestly the biggest unavoidable expense will always be the ticket to get there.
Christopher
Language barrier is the only thing scaring me sh17less about going to Japan. And my crippling social anxiety, I forgot about that.
My girlfriend and I just booked our 3rd trip to Japan for 27 days and spent around $2500 on Flights and Hotels
Flying out Monday for 2 weeks, perfect timing - Thanks so much, for this and your other videos!
Ha, I did the 7 day speed run and the pass still wasn't worth it. I did Tokyo, Hakone, Kyoto, Osaka, and then back to Tokyo.
Love it. Perfect for me to plan for my trip in October
With a Cash Base society, how much does the average Japanese carry with them? And how much should a tourist carry?
Be sweet to skate
Coming for 5 weeks so this is nice info. No budget, just sort of cheap.
Great video and a 10/10 on the beat boxing!! You two are the best!!
Well put together episode . Great travel tips with pros and cons .
Going in September as my first international trip ever. This will help so much! I've been worried about bringing too much or too little after flight and hotels have been paid for.
33... wow...I thought he was 40 something..good thing hes started trying to eat healthy an all that! 33...no frigging way..must be some kind of audio error must've said 43..
Hey, some things might not be available streaming in Japan, but I discovered on my way back from my last trip that Japanese Netflix had way more of Brooklyn Nine-Nine than the US. Definitely continued to log in from "Japan" for a while after that.
Yo should act  for commercials,your pretty good at it 😂😂😂😂
Why are there Mario Karts in the road at the beginning? 😭
Thanks  for this!! But Connor won't be happy  about  this 😂
What about Conner’s struggle on the frozen island? He needs some love too!
this video is exactly what i needed to see considering i am going to japan on the 13th of march. Honestly a dream come true. I cant wait to experience Japan for the first time.
Its not the cost of living in Japan is expensive, its the cost of the airline ticket to the country, which rounds up around 1.5k to 3k just for a round trip ticket.
So cool! What a beautiful place that I’m most likely to never visit for at least 20 years!
These videos are amazing. I was supposed to go to Japan with friends, but for various reason they keep having to delay going. But this videos make me more inclined to just go by myself and maybe again with them later. As it seems financially viable to go twice after seeing the costs neatly explained. Thanks for this. Stay awsome Mr Broad.
@AbroadinJapan Hey Chris. I was in Tokyo in late 2022 to 2023 for just over 3 months, costed me $22 a night. Wasn't crampy capsule but an AirBnB in beaitiful Itabashi bording Ikebukuro.. If I known Tokyo better, I could have come say Hi when you was chilling out with CDawg, PremierTwo and RobCDee.. Er.. It was that time when SlightlyHomeless sniped you guys. lol  🤣🤣🤣
Going to Japan for my birthday in November and I couldnt be more excited. Channels like yours helped push me to finally take the plunge so keep up the good work.
Why do you guys not have a c-pap or 2. That's what my dad does for snoring
You losing weight my guy lets go!!! 🔥
YO CAN CHRIS ACTUALLY BEATBOX WAS THAT HIM?!?!?!?!? THAT WAS CLEAN ASFFFFF. especially that record scratch, chefs kiss
Going to Japan for 3 weeks later this year and I have set aside about 3000$ for the trip atm. Now to be fair I want to experience a lot, so I want to try the capsule hotel, but I also want to stay at a ryokan. I also think that staying at a hostel might be fun since I will most likely be traveling solo, so that might be a good way to meet new people to hang out with while I'm there.  Travel might prove expensive though since I'm flying in to Osaka and then the plan is to do a bit of a round trip, stopping by Kyoto and Hakone on the way to Tokyo. Also considering taking a bit of a detour on the way from Kyoto to Hakone so that I can stop by Biwako on the way, this all on top of maybe doing some day trips to Nara and Hiroshima and my transportation budget might end up a little on the pricey side...
soooo close to 3mil, would love to see the same idea but for hokkaido!
going to japan in a month, such a good timing
Hotels rates have gone up perhaps sure to demand. Stayed at mimaru ikeburuko. Had increased by 50% to 3-4 times depending on season.
God damn, that's your lunch?!
When you gonna repay Connor for all his suffering? 😭
Last time I went to Japan in april 24 I stayed at Unplan Shinjuku and payed about 2800 ienes per night
Is it more expensive to find areas to visit in more less creative cities?  If I were to go, I think I would rather see the nature.
The Mark Zuckerberg line killed me 😂
I was in Japan earlier this year and since I came from USA with dollars, Japan trip was very affordable indeed, actually one of the best trips since I came to Japan when it was only 90 yen per dollar and now the difference was the night and day lol.
🌸💮🌸💮🌸💮🌸💮🌸💮
16:00 Never forget you also might get Risotorro on your train which  would make even the green car unpleasant to travel in.
From Yorkshire to Japan last year for work (Jan - October) everything was paid for but spending money but i actively found myself struggling to spend my monthly wage where as in the UK i was actively having to budget. I could only stay in Sapporo because of my employement but after staying there for a few months, i've been desperately saving to pack up, sell the house and car and move there hopefully in the next 10 years!!
I dare say that Chris has once again surpassed Attenborough at providing an in depth yet succinct guide for both the novice and seasoned Japan traveler. Good on you!
It's crazy how the flight to and from Japan is more expensive than staying two weeks in the country.  With a layover it's still $2300 round trip for me.
I would love to visit Narina! And for only $5! What a steal!
Thank you Chris! Amazing video again. You have made my gruelling week much better. I’m hoping to visit Japan in a couple of years so hopefully this will still be relevant 😂
I think the answer is more like "It depends.". Anime fans especially can easily spend that 1000 dollars in a day just by visiting Akihabara or even more.
I'm going to Japan in September by myself and your videos have made me get even more excited for it.
Wait, is $150 a night in tokyo a lot for a single person room? Maybe being used to NYC prices has ruined me, but I haven't payed less than $225 for a single night in years lol
Yay, he didn't retire yet 😂
I went to Norway for 7 days, €2600. This was not super luxurious. Going to Japan for 14 days, doing the more luxurious route and adding the flight ticket and then still be cheaper is insane.
Chris I must say, you are looking wonderful.
This is just an excuse to eat fried chicken. I see you…
Wow, 2 weeks,  on a budget trip, less than £1k before flights?! Smeggers! 10 years ago, me n the hubs went back to Oz (me Aussie him Brit) to visit my blood relatives.  We preloaded a credit card with £2k, plus the available credit of £1.5k. As well as maybe £2k in currency. We stopped in Singapore for a few days on the way out, and Bangkok on the way back. Barely had to pay for digs in Oz, but we still ran out of cash by the time we were done in Bangkok. The whole trip cost us about £10k If we weren't trying to buy a house right now, I'd be telling my hubby we need to do a month in Japan.  There's so much I want to see. All the artisans at work,  look up a fellow alumni who is living the Japanese Potter dream in Kyoto, hire a car and just do a random coastal car drive just to see what's around the next corner.
Yaaah! New episode!
5:58 that room looked somehow very familiar... rev the memory parts of brain... google, google... yup, its almost the same room as in Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai
Editing note: @9:10 in the video, you have both prices listed at pounds sterling, but I reckon the 350 was meant to be $. Doubt it's worth updating, but I'm pedantic and needed to point it out so I don't have nightmares later.
In Japan, Japan is very cheap as you said we were there in 2019 and it was good then. But., getting to Japan by airfare for especially me and North America has doubled.
When I went in March of 2023, I think I priced it out to $4,800, but 2/3 of that was airfare and JR Pass.  So I stuck to relatively the "standard itinerary" because a lot of the attractions I went to came at a cost.
Can You do a video but like the budget for a year studying in Japan?
🥲Me who just bought JR Rail passes for our trip in April….🪦💀
Honestly 2,300 isnt bad considering my group intends to have 15k between all 3 of us
"Ground control to major Tom, put your PJ's on and crawl into your pod..."
Japan is so affordable. My sisters in Paris right now and she was showing me the food prices over there. I almost fainted. wayyyy too expensive. more expensive eating out in paris than it is in the US.  i think ill just stick with traveling to Japan where its really affordable to travel and eat out every night as a tourist. Forget about Europe...
Just the ticket to Japan for me would be $1800
I was amazed by how cheap was Japan compare to Switzerland. Also you can get the Japan Pass explorer by booking an international flight with Japan Airlines and basically all domestic flights by them are insanely cheap. Highly recommend. Thanks Chris for the video, amazing as always.
Whose that shifty looking asian in the hoody? XD
How about the countryside? I for instance don't really care for cities, even if its just visiting.
I'd like a ticket to Narnia please... also known as  a Monday night at the Weatherspoons in Dover
Too bad the JR Pass price is going up. This is actually what made me consider going to Japan last autumn. Having JR pass is great - I could even use Shinkansen instead of local trains or subway in Osaka area, and I also traveled all the way south to Kagoshima and Nagasaki.
the biggest surprise of this video is learning that chris is 33 year old, I thought he was in his forties LMAO
Does this mean you're going to make up to Connor too?
any chance you'd wanna verify the abroad in japan tik tok? :) 160k followers now! love the content man thank you so much for all you do!
I am on my second day of visiting Japan. I got some Strong zeros in the fridge. Cant wait till my friends wake up, and start the day with this godsent brew. It would be such a shame to bann this magical elixir.
God I love Natsuki! I still dont know what it is about em after all these years but he just makes everything that much better! I hope he never goes away!
These are alot of the things i already do when going to japan, though i dont do Teppanyaki very much, not usually my vibe. I also tend to hit bars more than restaurants.
I'll be leaving for my first trip to Tokyo in just 4 days. This video came along at pretty much the best possible time.
Cats Walking (by Yomoti) spotted!
Holy crap, all that convenience store food was cheaper than it would be in the US. Even the stuff that is originally from here.
adding tha 20% at the end so real and valid
Saved for my 2024 trip!
HESS BAAACK 🎉🎉🎉
You can tell you don’t have kids to think about😂
Just returned from a 2 week trip to Okinawa from Australia and flights + accommodation cost approx $AUD3K ($US2K) and food+entertainment+public transport $AUD1.6K ($US1K). i stayed in very nice B&B accommodation (highly recommend La Passione guesthouse if you ever go to Naha)
24:42 We want a full song!
Looking at those Shinkansen price differences by cabin/class, I'm impressed by how reasonable the upgrade costs are for even Gran Class tickets. Obviously not a thrifty option, but significantly less of an upgrade cost than for flights or even much of US domestic rail.
Lets be honest the lunch would just be $10 of fried chicken if Chris was being honest.
What you guys in there, that was twerk music
Kyoto - March 27 to April 4 - in townhouse with spa and Geisha. How much?
24:45 nahhh. That was lit 🤣 that was the next techno hit!!
I could only manage 1 night at a capsule hotel at a push and would have to do a better night bus service as being a zombie the next day would kill the saving
The biggest expense for me was the tickets to get to Japan for around 1600$ for the basic airplane ticket.
Just spent a week in Japan and only spent $ 500
See you at the end of May....maybe? LOL  Thanks for all the tips! I'm still planning our itinerary as I watch this video.
I stayed at the exact hotel you first showed(after the capsule hotel). I “upgraded” my room to a two person room and it was still super small but it was fairly comfortable for a solo traveler. It’s important to know that most $100 rooms will be fairly small compared to rooms you find in the west.  If you’re trying to save money and cram you and a friend into one room, you better be VERY good friends. 😂
The last time I went was for a week in November. I spent ~$2,200(US) for the whole trip including flight, hotel, food, transportation, WiFi, souvenirs, and Christmas presents for my family!
I read this as 1000 yen at first and thought it was going to be one of those videos.
I try to exclusively watch these on my TV to appreciate your cinematography in 4K
im just saying, the cheapest i can seem to find a flight from mainland usa is 700 bucks one way, so thats 1400.... not sure I feel good about spending more on the flight than I do on the 2 weeks in japan.
Dude.  I needed a laugh today.  Thanks!
Your night bus love from the last years really shone through when I was planning my 21 day trip, I'm really making use of them as much as I can, the Shinkansen is cool but you can't beat £30 for transport and accommodation
lol I splurged on Mitsu Garden hotel recently.... 🤣
the ticket itself is like 1.5k
We already planned everything for our trip starting in just about 3 weeks, but it's still good to see we picked some good choices. We did buy a JR Pass though, but we bought the 21 day pass because we're actually moving around quite a bit, so I guess it might just be worth it. Tokyo, Fuji (day trip), Yokohama (day trip), Kanazawa, Kyoto, Osaka, Nara (day trip), Kobe (day trip), Hiroshima, Fukuoka and Kumamoto (day trip). And then all the way back to Tokyo on the Shinkansen. If all goes well our next trip, probably February next year, will be Tohoku + Hokkaido, looking forward to that as well already!   Thank you for doing these kind of videos as well, makes for very easy planning combined with your usual videos. Funnily enough we thought your 14 days in Japan video sounded like quite the stressful trip, but I'm not sure ours is that much better haha.
Just came back from a 3 week trip to japan.  Excluding the JR Pass and our flight from germany.  We spend half of our planned budget. It is actually way cheaper than people say. It was one of the first thing that caught my eye. Also Family Mart and 7Eleven was our lunch for most days. And it was amazing every time! Can't wait to go back next year :D
“How can we capture the American audience??” “Quick! Tell them about the Big Mac prices!”
Agree with Natski, the capsules are like dog house
Thanks for the tips! I'm going sometime this summer I am brimming with excitement. Whats the suica card app called?
going this august/september for about 3 weeks, mostly in the south, so thank you
Amazing video as always i agree with almost everything you say but I would avoid Jetstar other budget airlines are good but Jetstar is terrible.
The flights are definitely the most expensive thing in a 2 week trip. Went in the fall and it was an amazing experience! Surprised how much we were able to buy with our dollars
5:41 seems like the hotel cdawg voice actor stayed at during the pandy after his flight into japan
I missed Natsuki
I'd love to visit and try working in Japan, got any advice or suggestions? What are somethings to be aware of, cons and benefits. Anything to look forward to?  What are some jobs that are good for beginners? Do oversee resumes count or do you start from the ground up?  Any advice on housing?
These stats are because the yen is so devalued. It's at like 148yen to the dollar now.
Many small restaurants do a nice filling lunch special for less than Y1000. Also if you wait until 7-8pm, the convenience stores and supermarkets will sell their food at a discount, often 30% off but sometimes 50%. The convenience stores will also microwave your food for you too so you can eat right there.
the only expensive part of going to japan is the plane ticket
Did Japan at a price point similar to standard for the same amount of time. We got the JR Rail Pass the last month it was at the old price and found it very reasonable as we were often leaving city to city. But staying at hotels instead of capsule hotels is where we spent more into that standard range. For two people we spent about $1800-$1900 US per person including our flight cost. Without flight cost that was about $800-$900 a person
Did 3 months in Japan living in Tokyo only paying a total of $1700 rent for three months, not to mention food, attractions, and everything else was easily under $1,000 for the ENTIRE time.
sweet news for me - wanted to visit the nation i admire an eternity.
Good to know that whilst a flight to Japan is 75% of a year's wages for me, actually being there can be significantly cheaper
Just that damn Plane ticket
Natsuki singing David Bowie in the capsule hotel was my favorite scene❤
Heading to Japan next week so these are a lot of great tips for that. We will be cycling for 20 days on a 1month trip to Japan,  so very excited for this!
How would you book these hotels and town houses ?
Chris & team, your content is so on point right now, these are fantastic guides.
I just did 3.5 weeks in Japan for $4k. That included the $1300 plane ticket. Its very doable for $1k a week.
In my experience the Suica and Pasmo apps don't accept Visa cards even through Apple Pay, only Mastercard - so watch out for that!
I hate that I will never be able to afford Japan.
Natsuki’s been spending too much time with you Chris - his English is beginning to sound like you - especially that oh my gawd in the capsule hotel!
Gosh I’m old enough to remember when we thought(hoped) Japan would be a the competing powerhouse.
Good to hear that you're no longer "British Shit Man"
Because of you I’m coming at the end of marcg
me watching this 3 weeks before my trip to Japan, hopefully I can afford the budget option
Is this costing per person? I guess excluding the hotels
Hey Chris! Been a big fan of your show for quite a while, and I've been dreaming of coming to Japan myself for a holiday (I want to actually visit the Tohoku region, because your videos inspired me so much). I always thought it would be years down the line though because of the cost, but now I see I could potentially do it in just one or two. Thanks for the tips!
How do you find these budget places? Because I have no idea.
I did ten days in Tokyo last August for about £1200 (flights and hotel) and really didn't spend that much each day - food and drink on the go is ridiculously cheap and trains are a steal.
Would I be able to hangout with Natsuki?
Best vids are always with you two :)) great to see Natski !! 😊😊😊
can somebody please tell me the track used around @8:25 in the video?
How is the communication in japan's countryside, are the poeple angry if your japanese isn't so good or are they welcoming
The timing of this is so helpful. I’ll be traveling to Japan for the first time in 11 days 😭 Thank you!
Thank you for the tips, Chris! I am taking family on a trip this year and I really needed the pointers for a no frills trip. I will definitely put the knowledge gained to maximizing our iterinary. I had hoped to book Neko Neko Inm as my one big spend but unfortunately its been fully booked out for the dates I wanted. :(
2 weeks for 2300 for a trip I could take my wife and daughter on.  That sounds pretty good.  Seems like the flight is the actual killer.  Round trip from central US to Tokyo is around 2500 per person.  If you leave from like California the price drops about a grand.  If you want to leave from Florida the price goes up over 5 grand.  So if you want to budget a trip to Japan I would suggest driving to the west coast and getting a round trip flight from there.
Bummer that the jrpass got so expensive
15:18 Anyone know this background music?
My dream is to go there on a visit someday
7:14 Chris' too small of sandals gave a good chuckle
Just planning my trip with two kids to Japan. Got a question about capsule hotels: do you book these in advance? Are they safe for kids? My kids (youngest is aged 13)  would find it an adventure, but I need to be responsible too!
Having Suica on my phone was a game changer!
I got in just before the JRPass price hike, but it was a huge benefit. Got lucky on hotels and flight, too. Managed 19 days for right about $5000 with a bit of splurging. Can't wait to go back.
Your book is hilariously good.
Have to say I just finished your book and really enjoyed it.
Appreciate the tips😊
12th of april squad?
Don't trust the prices he's showing you, it's actually a little more expensive. He's basing his pricing on the fact that $1 gets you ¥150 when in reality $1 will get you closer to ¥143 yen assuming $1 = ¥150. Sounds strange, I know, but to get ¥150 for $1 you need to be spending millions of dollars buying yen. Otherwise the rate you get is roughly ¥7 less per dollar than the actual value of yen.
Welcome back ❤
I love the background music editing in these. Your videos always have an excellent quality about them. Like a good old British travel show but better.
24:41 that is a hit song possibility right there
The irony; heading there in sept for 2 weeks XD
Super helpful and informative video Chris! I rarely come across Japan travel content with this level of detail and a breakdown of pricing etc. My first trip to Japan was around the Osaka area, so next time I'm hoping to see Tokyo and this will really come in handy. Hopefully my next trip isn't too far away so I don't miss out on the good exchange rate haha
I would like to see a video of you trying to get the most out of the JR pass, how many places can you visit lol
can i come see you in japan i am going soon i am going to oska
I just realised I’m early ish
Honestly, these videos are killing me. I was in Japan in 1991, and have been wanting to return, only to be delayed time & time again. THIS is the year I will be back!
91p for a coca-cola. It's probably for the best that I don't live in Japan ;p Would still love to visit it someday though! :D
Airbnbs can be a great option in Japan too!
wife and I are heading there in April for our honeymoon, cant wait.
I ❤ all your videos!! Someday I hope to travel to Japan at least once in my life. Thank you Chris and Natsuki for years of laughs and joy God Bless🙏
If you go by Nozomi Greencar on Shinkansen Tokyo to Kyoto, I swear you will feel like Leonard Dicaprio or Ken Watanabe. It's kinda worth it lol
I was in japan for 2 weeks in Oct. We are already planning another trip! It was incredible
I know Japan itself is relatively cheap. But the real struggle is the flight. It’s like 1,500+$. And that in combination with the costs in Japan you end up with something close to 3,000$ for the whole trip….which simply is outdo reach reach for me
Sneaky Risottoro cameo around 16:10 !
Conner probably instantly thumb downed this video
That 64p carton of Kagome apple juice from FamilyMart is noticeably bigger than the £1.30 cartons of Ribena at my local Greggs. :(
From canada there is a new budget airline run by JAL that's offering really low cost flights japan, and it seems like a great flight unlike other frugal carriers.. coupling that with super low cost akiya houses, or even if just to travel there I'd go to a dealership / auction and buy a cheap car just to travel around in.
WAKE UP HONEY MR ABROAD IS BACK!
Amazing Video Chris. Can’t wait to go back 😢
I like Natsuki
💜💜💜
My wife and I went to Japan 3 times last year to take advantage of the strong USD.
I wish i could see Hokkaido during Winter I´d love it so much
perfect video
Europe is not a country, so how can something be cheaper on a WHOLE continent?
Having the costs and price ranges of things put into one video is really helpful. I’ve been wanting to go to Japan for a long time but planning and budgeting has always really intimidated me, this video makes it feel a lot more manageable. It’s a really great video. I hope to finally visit Japan at least once in the next 5 years.
Compared to german ICEs, the Shinkansen are a. Way way cheaper and B. way way cleaner and C. WAY WAY MORE RELIABLE.
Babe wake up, a new beat just dropped. Ode to Nobunaga, no less
shoes on??? 8:30
11:35 literally what i did for 2-3 weeks of my 1 month trip to japan LMAO
Were those Mario Karts in the first 8 seconds?
Going to Japan in April, time to rewatch all the Abroad in Japan videos I’ve watched over the years
see you February!
Morgan Freeman: "He would indeed share a room with him again."
Man 10 years ago when I was in japan. One hotel was a love hotel, the door locked from the outside. I asked the guy who gave us the key "what if there is a fire", his reply, "there are no fires in japan"... After pushing him further he said "the doors will open for sure". Yeah that was a death trap.  Also had a room like the standard business hotel, just a bit smaller, I used to go to the gym 4 times a week back then so was pretty big. To go to the bathroom I had to walk in backwards then once done, walk back out and rotate myself just to use the sink. I literally couldn't turn around in the bathroom because my shoulders would get me stuck.  Fun times.
The price increase on the JR rail pass is really such a shame
💜💜💜
Japanese don't extort tourist
An interesting video. On a more personal note, I'd like to find out what visiting Japan is like for those who have special needs i.e. wheelchair users, those who have visual/hearing impairments etc.
To be honest as a dane, japan doesn't seem that expensive, given that living in Denmark in general is expensive.
Very useful video for us. In October, we will be traveling to Japan to stay there for three weeks in Tokyo and Osaka. Me, four friends and my brother. Looking very much forward to it.
Fantastic video, very professional, this is very useful for me and my wife as we're going to Japan in October, can't wait!!
JR pass is absolutely not worth it unless you are literally going from Hokkaido to Fukuoka and back lmao. It was barely worth it before. 99% of tourists just go to Kyoto and Tokyo, it's definitely not worth it anymore. I had a cheaper trip last time going to Kyoto from Tokyo and all through Gifu/Nagano back to Tokyo at about half the price of JR pass.
I am returning to Japan for my 4th time this July! I am only splurging on the hotel (staying at APA Hotel instead of a capsule hotel), but otherwise besides the airfare i don't plan to spend more than US$1500, including hotel, transportation, food, activities, and souvenirs.
Another awesome Vid, and congratulations on hitting 3 Million!!! you deserve to pass Connor, Joey and Grant!!!
Just finished your book, going to Japan tomorrow morning! Thanks for inspiring me to visit with all your videos! I can't wait 🙌
Uh, Chris. You didn't budget for $5000 in weeb bullshit every single 17-40 year old male viewer of yours is gonna waste.
I am the lucky owner of a green suica card from 2018...... I know ooooooo
I’m going to Japan as an exchange student for the spring semester, this will be useful for sure, thanks!  Is there any way to give you a bottle of my father’s wine? Or let it somewhere for you to pick up, I really don’t want to bother you
14 days in Ireland would cost you 3000 dollars at least
sooo i still find myself wondering if Natsuki actually speaks in broken english or if he's just playing a character..... but i guess i'll never know the answer to that. and yet, i still enjoy his presence in the show.
In Japan right now as this is posted.  Ill watch it on Shinkansen to Kyoto, see if there's stuff im not doing. Your videos are what inspired me to go 5 years ago, and that trip made me want to come back as soon as I could.
Japan is at least generaly cheaper than Sweden
This must be the 50th video you made on this subject
Ight
Ok, yup I'm going. I have a fear of heights and flying too, and if you can do it so can I!!! Lol
IF I were to go anywhere for a honeymoon vacation type deal, I'd want to go somewhere like Akita or Matsue.
this is literally perfect for me cause im going to be in japan for two weeks in april! XD
We spent 3 weeks in the summer of 2023 in Japan, and what a fantastic experience.  We were also surprised by how cheap it actually was to live and eat in Japan. We traveled to Tokyo, Gora, Kyoto, Hiroshima and finally the amazing Osaka.  18 days, 4 people, 36 hotel rooms, $15,000 incl. flight tickets, private transfer from and to the airport and JR Green Pass. We have travelled a lot in the US, and that will be nearly the double.
You can book the love hotel very often on booking - they are listed as adult only hotels :D
Just went on february and i can say the standard tier is very close to what it costed me, but i did take the JR pass because i took the shinkansen from Tokyo to Hiroshima and returned on several trips passing through other cities, great guide in general, keep up the good work.
Air Doo sounds like a funny name for an airline.
chris looking awesome
Interesting stuff, thanks man
Shouldn't be cheaper in pounds than the dollar since the dollar is worth much more
Great video.
Everything is getting worse, even Nihon.
youtuber single handedly increases japans economy
As an American... I low key don't need tips since exchange rate is crazy right now. 150Y to USD. I'm literally losing money not being in Japan and eating there. The American grocery and housing bill is terrible.
Chris is there a reason why you seem to avoid recommending AirBnBs ? I've used them for both my Japan trips and found them to be the best value
Daaamn, talk about timing, I could have used this video a month ago when planning for my trip (currently in Tokyo now!) 😅 But good to know that your tips and observations validate a lot of my questions I initially had in my planning for the trip. I really enjoyed your videos! I have some colleagues and friends who asked me for recommendations or information after i'm back so i'll be sharing this video for sure!😁😃
The most expensive thing is the plane ticket if you're leaving from NA, SA or EU. A decent hotel will run you maybe $300-500 for a week, which is a great value compared to the U.S. Last time I went, I did the Toyoko Inn in Kabukicho. Excellent price for the level of service IMO. Food, drinks, and transportation and entertainment are very cheap thanks to the exchange rate.
Less than 7 weeks to go, then I can hunt the tendiest game in Tokyo: Chris.
No joke, I have considered visiting Japan simply to go to Fuji-Q.
We visited from the uk in 2009 just after the financial crash and it nearly bankrupted me 😂.  We booked everything the year before so prices looked ok then all hell broke loose on the markets.  We took the approach of this may be once in a lifetime trip so just went with it.  So glad we did.  What an amazing country, even back then and no regrets what so ever.
I wonder how host families are in comparison, great video as always ^^
11:30 oh my goodness he caught me on holidays!
Yes, it's pretty much that for some "classical trip" where you still want to move around a little bit. You could go "bicycle/anything + tent" or anything you like to save money and enjoy more (things and/or time). Check "FREE Camping and Hot Springs in Japan! also Michi no Eki guide", there is plenty of campings in Japan. You could too go for a month with some long stay accomodation price focusing in only one area. Or some custom example, 1 month in Miyako-jima or any habited island to rest/chill, ~1000usd for 1 month accomodation + scooter rental, 1000usd to enjoy whatever you like, food and good time. Or less, depends yours envies.
Love natsuki
Chris do you know how to handle food allergies when traveling Japan? I have a gluten allergy but desperately want to visit.
Air DO, or Air DO not. There is no Air Try.
Planning my 2025 return trip now. If finances look good I might go early.
Wow, this travel All over the world  is nice to watch you sometimes 🙂🙂
You have the quality of Rick Steves but much more entertaining. I'd watch you travel anywhere if you put out videos like this about all the places you go. Entertaining, informative, very professional looking.
That bottle of Coke actually sounds expensive for 500mL, and I'm in the US. Admittedly, I don't buy soda much, so I might be mistaken.
Over New Years 2022/23 I went with 2 buddies of mine from Germany to Tokyo, just as Japan was reopening. I set myself a hard budget of 3k Euros which I had saved up for as a student, turned out that I never even came close to using up that hard budget limit of 3k which I was really surprised about:  My expenses (all in Euro) looked something like this, for a 17 day stay in Asakusa: Flight: ~1300  16 night stay in a Hotel: ~550 Food and Travel: ~250 Merchandise: ~200  We never expected the total expenditures excluding the Flight to be less than the Flight itself lol. Keep in mind this was as Japan was reopening, so the Flight was more expensive than it should have been (1.5-2x as much as normal), but the living expenses were quite low. Id imagine that trips done now would have a different distribution, but would roughly equal to still less than 3k for a European or American visitor. Get some friends on board, and just do it!
3:03 making it up to Natsuki.. But not Connor. Classic 🤣
Cdawg also froze on the island
Chris, love your content I can't wait to be able to afford a trip to japan! Hopefully by the end of this year. You've been my favorite content creator for many years now, keep up the fantastic work!
$1,000... For 2 weeks... Hmm... I was considering Japan within the next 2 months. I think I may need to look into this
European Rail pass is much better now in comparison. And you can chose freely the amount of days. And it gets cheaper per day if you pick 7 days instead of 4 days for example.
Comparing you now with some of the old shots your weight loss really show, great job! looking great!
I wish I could vist one day
5 years ago I stayed in Tokyo for 3 weeks and only spent roughly 2000 USD all up, including plane tickets and accommodation (cheap capsule hotel for like 10 dollars a day). If I was more frugal, like getting food at supermarket instead of eating out pretty much every meal and not drinking a worrying amount of alcohol it probably wouldn't have been more than 1000. I hope it doesn't get too expensive before I have another chance to go.
I was glad I kept my Pasmo from 2019, got to Japan to see a bunch of signs saying "Yer fukt mate if yer want a pasmo lmao"
Natsuki may be the coolest man alive
Depending on where you’re from, it’s really affordable
wonder if chris can let me stay at his ill save so much money
Great video as always! Just wanted to ask, you didn't mention rental cars in your transport section, too expensive? Not a great option? I'd love to know
Going to Japan next week; this video comes at a perfect time!
the conversion for yen to usd/eur/gbp is good right now for people wanting to travel in, but not so much for the australian dollar which is still roughly 100 yen to 1 aud, so it doesn't really give the same impression
Literally on my way to the airport. Let’s see how much I got right
you have to start the video with the evil fish and chip shop destroying mario karters
Japan is the Dark Souls of tourist trip. There is to much to do.
Chris is Natsuki's sugar daddy
I've been an armchair Japanophile for many years now, definitely egged on by your videos, but I can't wait to eventually visit.  The culture, food, landscape, etc.  It's just a seemingly magical place.
yen is getting stronger fast
bruh tickets from my 2nd world country are 1000$
Great pointers, I’ll be going to Japan this winter for the first time
Nice weight loss wow
6:02 That 'standard' hotel room looks like the one... was it CDawg? Or TokyoLens? One of them did a Covid video during their isolation period after returning from Britain... And it looked almost exactly like that.
As someone who did the whirlwind tour in a week last year I can say it wasn’t that bad. Only bad parts were the Honda museum being so far out of the way we missed the last bus and the typhoon in Hiroshima.
If you have international JAL ticket to Japan, Japan Explorer Pass ticket from Tokyo to Aomori one way was 6000 yen
Whenever I watch these types of videos, There's so many things I just have to filter out because I am a girl!
Dont do capsule hotels unless its for 1 night
i just wish the flights wernt so expensive
Awesome vid, thx for the tips!
I love how japan is experiencing extreme inflation which is probably not great for the economy, yet tourists are like "Hell yeah!"
Cheap unless youre paying in AUD 😂
I did the trip of a lifetime last September, now want to go back!
Ive figured out places to visit, things to try, taking language classes, now if i can figure out plane fair and hotel accommodations, I'm golden to visit japan.
Arriving in April and stating until September. Can't wait!
I hope this prices hold until October!!!
Love the tips and advice, super helpful!
Woot a brand new Abroad in Japan video 🎉. Love seeing such an extensive video covering all the different costs of traveling across Japan 😊. Also the fabulous return of Natsuki 😁. Had no idea the Big Mac index was a thing 😆
Your finally back ! So good to see you back chris hope to see more ❤
Is anyone able to link a trustworthy site to book Machiya houses in Kyoto?
Dear Lord Chris, just when I was planning a week long trip to Japan in October, but was deflated because of the cost estimations, I see this fresh hot vid out from you. Well if this isn't a sign...
Lol the amount of one liners from Natsuki never disappoint 😂
My buddy and I got back from our month long trip in november. We were able to see things from Hiroshima to Sapporo, and from Capsule Hotels to a fancy place on Miyajima! You inspired me a lot to put the trip into action before going to college. Thank you Chris, you're out here changing lives!
The flight is the only thing holding me back from going every few months
Visiting in May, after Golden Week. Thank you for your videos, they've been super helpful :)
Chris' voice is quite hoarse in the narration
Nearly 3 mill subs !
I just came back from holiday to tokyo for 7 days and i got flights and accommodation for £690 kangaroo hotel side b where i stayed was only 30 mins from the skytree and 15 mins from minami senju loved every minute of it and didnt want to leave but there are definitely good cheap deals if you look around and do your research
Hi Nick
This video dropped at the Perfect time!! My friend and I want to go on a trip to Japan and my budget for the next year or more is… reduced. 😅 I shared this video with her and I’m looking forward to her reaction. 😂 Thank you Chris! 👍
Karoushi is always a problem in Japan. Companies will overwork and underpay employees. Even if that depends, it is still problem. Kyoto Animation paid young women differently, as someone commented in Shogo's video before.
About half way done with saving for my trip with my fiance so excited and thanks again for making it less daunting to plan and learn about.
Almost the exact same title from before, i thought I've seen this video before chris 😂
love it i want visit one day
a wake-up alarm no no take the Natsuki snoring alarm its better and more affable than a dog woof woof woof
Businessman Connor Sullivan is able to live cheap in Toukyou.
I would assume living in the Touhoku region would be cheap.
Oh wow just as I was considering my trip budget!
Earliest I've ever been. Keep producing wonderful content Chris! Can't wait to return to Japan - Planning on moving back, hopefully to Aomori-shi, come next year! So your videos keep my longing in check until then, haha!
I gotta say I only spent $700 USD on a 14 days trip with my best friend in 2016. Just running off the low income fast food chains which were a much better change  than American cuisines or fast food chains, we found our way traveling to many parts of Tokyo and meeting amazing people along the way.  I can’t wait to return to Japan for the 5th time. Please wait for me Chris-sensei 😂
its good to see you guys again
HE IS NOT DEAD!!!!
I love this video, but the real struggle is the cost of the flight to just get there. East Coast USA flights alone are nearly $1,500 for a two way.
I see you, obligatory Shibuya Scramble shot 😂
I live in Japan and this is a very good time, right now, with the exchange rate.  When the dollar has been the highest, is when I have gone out and bought a drone, lenses, and new Nikon camera - all bought on the economy.
Going to Japan from New Zealand recently, I couldn't believe how incredibly cheap nearly everything was, from food to travel. The only thing that felt expensive was accommodation in or near Tokyo. A lot of that comes down to the fact that everything in NZ is stupidly expenive, so YMMV, depending where you are from
I can barely afford rent :)
Japan is currently trying to enforce 'foreign tourist price' so cheap prices will not go for long
i can believe hes abroad in japan
Reupload??
jesus chris, you look terrible in that thumbnail, sorry
I just eat Famichiki so it’s not expensive 💴
I think value for money it's the best holiday destination
I'm actually visiting Japan for the first time this summer and this is much appreciated!
Literally going to Japan this Sunday. Thanks for the tips
Goin just for the cheaper McDonald’s 🤤
yay weak yen ftw
Notification gang
"Congrats to everyone Who is early and who found this comment.. 🐼🐧,,,,,,...
Wow im early
Woot! This video is here! 😄
W
Notification squaaaaad
Just an excuse to talk about McDonald's on the podcast I'm sure
First😅
Woohoo!
NOTIFICATION SQUAD
0 views  gang
First
Ayee
First
First
First!
NOTIFICATION SQUAD: It's good to be back! Hello there. I won't lie this video was a huge undertaking to produce as there's so many points I wanted to cover, but I hope for those of you guys considering visiting Japan, this episode gives you the nudge you need. Above all, consider my debt to Natsuki REPAID after the island camping debacle.
