Good for you
Which one would you choose?
Fantastic performance!
Big thumbs up for this one.
Love the editing style.
So much effort went into this.
I’ll definitely rewatch this.
Who’s rewatching this already?
So funny, love it!
Very well explained.
Definitely saving this for later.
Your channel is underrated.
I’m impressed.
This was super helpful, thank you!
Such a clever approach.
Great job, keep it up.
I’m definitely trying this out.
This was exactly what I needed.
Youtube isnt youtube without you
Which scene made you laugh the most?
This should be trending.
6:05 omg, yeh true but bro, I rewatch those and will continue to do so for years and years, even if its an outdated pew news, not cause I care about the news but because they're some of the funniest most enjoyable video there are <3  I love this video reflecting on all this stuff tho damn
I could listen to you talk all day.
This video deserves endless likes.
I’m sharing this with my friends.
I really enjoyed this video.
All facts.
You explained that so well.
This is how you do YouTube right.
Really enjoyed the music choice.
Wow, I never knew that.
Wow, just wow.
The atmosphere was on point.
I’ve never clicked “like” so fast.
Perfection.
getting this recommended after deciding for my own self is really something. going back to this after watching his recent videos is really heart warming and just lovely.
❤
Sive is now fired
Watch this foo during his bully playthroughs filthy frank era Pokémon hunter days, golden for putting out content to this day.
I liked this. Just doing what u want and like and have fun. All the best 😊
damn, the "some things never change" got me
We're all happy you never quit on us🫶🏻
been a fan since you started; will always be watching cause even your vlogs are very wholesome and chill thank you for growing up with us!
🥲
pewds you are a legend
Sucks to see people hate on you
Pwerdie miss you gaming 💔
And 2 years later still going strong 👊
Future Hendrix said he would never retire and neither should you!
please don’t quit
this guy was my childhood
I originally watched your gaming videos for tips, now watch anything you post about your beautiful family and adventures.  I love your face and personality, don't ever stop posting buddy!
Don't quit pewds plz, I love your videos, even the new ones, Congratulations on your family.
I'm just realizing how normal pews is
So happy you are still here ❤
Pewds I wasn’t getting anything out of the money Also pewds me and Marzia moved to Japan lol
Brown Helen Hernandez Kevin Allen Sarah
It’s nice to see you around after all those years. Keep it up and enjoy your life man 😊!
DAMNNNN A BRO FIST GODAMNN - love you pews
nice! love u
Lewis Anthony Rodriguez Kevin Harris Amy
What ever you decide to create, that is what I want to watch because that is what you want to make. Whether it be book reviews or just vlogs the slower paced and casual uploads are so refreshing and nice because it is very easy to tell that you are having fun doing it and that makes it so much more enjoyable to watch.
In my eyes he’s still the king of YouTube
Name in your airpodes?
we are fucking glad you started you tube.. you did for us, you are the neo of youtube for all the 90s kids
I kinda like how I myself matured alongside with Youtubers, many Youtuber I watched in the past are muuuuuuuuuch more mature than they were 10 years ago... Its like the natural flow and just how it is, later generations have other Idols they can "be" with and go along.
Du ska vara så stolt att du gör saker du själv vill ❤️
I had a great childhood bcos of you and will always be grateful for that
Grew up watching you bro! Before the drama and the memes.  I was in elementary 😂. Now I’m 22
Back when he had 400k subscribers, watching his old horror videos with Amnesia with the grunts i think they were called being the icon of his channel at the time… damn the years really do fly. Felix you brought joy to millions over the years and though i’m very late on this… enjoy your time doing what you love. Never feel obligated, take care of yourself, Marzia and your little one and have a fantastic life! ^^
Been watching PewDiePie since i was like 4th grade and im 20 , turning 21 this year in November 2024. I stopped watching two years ago, just cause yk life , but it's just so amazing PewDiePie develop and change over the years he just gets better and better. To me seeing a YouTuber get to this point of clarity is awesome. Theres too much inauthenticity on YouTube, and these days PewDiePie is one of the fre big names on YouTube who chose peace ane happiness vs the never ending chase of views and money. It makes me happy to see him with an entire family now and just doing YouTube how he wants too
im glad u didnt quit at all i thought u did but your just not streaming as much
Bro started playing Minecraft again a year later
Okay so let me make a comment like the others . . Been watching since 16 and in highschool, I’m 25 now and graduated from medical school! Your videos were my favourite thing to watch all through med school and I always felt warm and less stressed and alone since med school is hard and I was alone in dorms at times Your book review of fear and trembling also changed my view on life and religion  Thanks pewds for being so authentic! And a good bro 👊🏼
I love you Felix
Damn its been a year...
Man you are the actual og.  You deserve some appreciation
my goat
Watching Pewds since 16, Now I am 24! What a ride... Wish my life would turn around good too some day :)
i don't want pewdiepie to be quitting youtube cuz he is a veteran
My first PewDiePie video was "swimming around a v*gina." The weird little game you play as a sperm cell with a sleek top hat. I died laughing. Back then i never subscribed to anyone, but for some reason this one video got me to click on his channel, so i could see what else he got. I went through the adventures with Stephano, the battle against barrels, the betrayal from Mr. Chair, all the random scary games that made Pewds scream, watching Clementine grow up through Pewds playthrough, every brofist, every friday with PewDiePie, and i never focused on the negatives. You don't have to go back making the same content, the memories you have given others is enough.
you don't need to quit. yes young pewdiepie is GOAT but dad/present pewds is prolly the best version of pewds for me, all wholesome and fun content.
Why he did noz quit? Because he loves money too.much
For some reason he sounds so friendly that i watch him because he doesnt have to put up a character. Just being himself is enough to make me smile. Whatever you decide to do ill be happy i watched you
commenting this significantly later but I first found your channel from your bully play through which was back when you still had the OG PewDiePie haircut. You’ve been a source of entertainment and joy for years and I’m sure you will be for years to come. You don’t owe anyone anything so just do what makes you happy. This goes everyone.
Please quit
I honestly think this is what youtube needs despite you wanting to focus on the future its very similar to how the older type of content is truly broadcasting yourself devoid of any money incentives. love you pewds and marzia
Pewds, I don't know if you will ever see this comment, but your videos have meant so much to me over the years. I remember being a kid and laughing hysterically. Your Undertale playthrough stands out in my mind as being one of your best series. It was so engaging and surprisingly heart-warming. So thank you. Thank you so much for everything. You have given so much to the world. I'm so glad you didn't quit. The bros love seeing new videos from you and getting life updates.  👊
holy fk ive been watching pewdiepie for 10 years ;0
Its just i literally cried when you said u will leave❤
Felix ketchup
Don't quit. You are the reason I started youtube 😆
😮😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
YouTube would be a cold and dark place without PewDiePie
😢
Hi
RIP PewDiePie
I found your video a week ago!  I was surprised ..... Thank you for choosing to live in japan. I love watching your videos tokyo life with your lovely wife, baby and dogs.    I hope your family has a long and happy life together here ♡
I do kinda miss his gameplays not gnna lie 😢 stoll watch his videos though ❤
Don't cover your mouth when you are talking. It suggests deception.
it's never too late to give up on your dreams, you should still quit
Cool how I’ve watched this guy for  so long and I’m not even that old. But this man represents an era of entertainment history
@Pewdiepie I remember watching one of your videos in 2014 when I was 16 now I'm 26 . Nearly a decade ago! I'm glad you haven't quit YouTube and you still post videos for your own enjoyment and fun.
Been here since the pandemic, I'm here for the vibes
Why u wearing headset
😂😂😂
i’m turning 18 end of this year and i think i’ve been watching since i was like 8-9 years old. it’s actually crazy all love man
I started watching YouTube thanks to Pewds, and I loved the first period of the channel. That was at least 12 years ago. About 3 years later I quit because of the changes in the formats and because he changed. I felt like his notoriety was above everything else, but maybe I was wrong.  Returning back watching this video feels very good. In the meantime I finished school, graduated, worked hard and now I live with my girlfriend, and all these changes in life and still finding Pewds here enjoying what he does and enjoying his community, feels like home.  Brofist!
3:11 why... maybe because if you have more you can give more? (weird you'r having the question)
Man, at this point just do whatever your heart desires, you’ve already made it. Just enjoy yourself.
Always been there, always support you. I’m happy you’re doing it for fun, keep doing what makes you happy :)
You're the Gol D. Roger of youtube, man, you can do whatever you like!  xD "Wealth, Fame, Power - Pewdiepie has achieved everything possible on youtube. Now he enjoys his quiet married life with his cute italian wife, Marzia, abroad in Japan!"
6:18 nah keep sounding preachy, you’re preaching straight facts my dude
Felix has got me through some tuff times in my life  I've watching been Felix since I was 11 and seeing him play games and making me laugh my head off  and seeing him play happy wheels and slender the eight pages and other games to him swearing in Swedish made me laugh so hard and one more thing thank you Felix for making my childhood the best -bizzaredoge
hi pew!! i have watched your channel for quite some time and really appreciate your thought sharing behind your big success!! i hope you have all the most wonderful journey and fresh start in jp!!!! your fan from TAIWAN:D
u shoulda quit at the bridge...
Mans completed youtube lol
No, no, that shit ain't lame. Bruh, shit was so pointless it was good. What happened to you, bud? Been here since amnesia, if you don't play video games anymore is somewhat, um, weird, but hey, just do the thing you've always done man, making the kind of shit you care about, have fun with, etc. Cheers
If pewds evef quits, yt wont be the same anymore
Tbh pewds was the era of youtube i loved, once he stopped uploading ive taken a step back i come here once and a while to see what hes doing, but now i just follow him and marzia on insta and its so cute seeing what they do in their daily life its nice to see them just relax for once and be hppy☺
Having Pewds still around is a bless, let's be real
2:10 ❤
I might cry if you quit.
the homie 👏🏽👏🏽
Never quit we love you
I started watching your channel way back in the beginning as a lonely dorky 14 year old. Each night I could come home from school and watch someone who made me laugh while playing the games I loved to play too. As I got older and began changing with life, I got to also watch you work through problems and life too. Even that helped me to realize I wasn’t alone. It feels so strange to be 25 now and watching you. While I grew away from YouTube as the old YouTube lost so many of my favorite people, I still check in on you. It feels so good to see someone who has grown into a happier healthier person while still being that person child me adored. I love seeing comments of kids now still feeling that way about you now. Will forever love you and your channel. We’ll always support you in what you need in life, even when it comes time for you to leave. Just know, this all isn’t for nothing. You really made an impact on so many of us. Just look at the comments. Thank you for everything.
LWIAY and meme review were the funniest videos you ever made. I still die laughing when i watch them. Im still hoping you'll do comedy again in the future.
Please don’t listen to those negative comments saying to quit. Been watching you since I was in middle school… now 25 with a house, Dog and a Wife. It’s so awesome to still see you posting and making amazing content.
dont quit youre the one who always has been entertaining us since our childhood.
1.11億訂閱到底是什麼概念。。。
I am proud of you for going through so many and still find a way to love yourself properly. Thank you so much for all the good old times and looking forward to the upcoming future!! Brooooofisssst maaahaaa
so happy to hear that😄
I’m so happy you’re still here❤️ do it for YOU, true fans will stay!
We love you!🫶
Meh. Ok Grandpa. Cartman Brah wanna be!
I’m truly happy he gets to slow down now and enjoy life.
😢🤝
never heard of this guy before  kinda proud of myself  you internet ppl are losers
Keep doing videos pewds !!! We love you no matter what content you provided and we hope you’re living a good happy life with your family
Imma cry😢 Pewds keep doing what you love. Knowing you are happy and you will always be around uploading things from time to time is a bless😊
I watched u mainly during the Horror-era Pewds, and I remember when ppl wanted u to stick to that. But you got tired of it and did other stuff, did what You wanted to and what made you happy, despite ppl wanting otherwise. That was a really great decision imo, it's so important to do what makes us happy!! 👍
From 9 to 20  Still love him at the first time
I want another song! Congratulations and bic lasagna are so good
have you read any books recently felix
It would be stupid to retire - like someone with stocks who cashes out - Keep doing what you like 👋😜
PLAY CRACKED MINECRAFT WITH ME RIGHT NOW LETS DESTOY THE ENDER DRAGON TOGETHOR KILL GHAST AND NETHER AMOUR AND WE WILL RULE THE EARTH AND PLAY AND FORTNITE AND MR  BEAST BEast
Almost 1 third of the total US population is subscribed to Pew…bananas…
King
I love your channel PewDiePie, I've been a long time fan and whatever you decide to do moving forward is up to you, I'll be happy knowing you and marzia are doing well and happy. Take your time, and have fun. 😊 Ik this vid was awhile back but i hope to one day see you marzia and baby pie in a final video when y'all are good and ready. Time has gone by so fast I remember when you and marzia were still just dating then when you got married and now your gonna have a baby. And I'm extremely happy for y'all. I've been watching since about elementary years, and I never get bored. I wish y'all all the best. - a PewDiePie fan.
Literally have been here since 2010. Love you pewds!
Pewds, I literally love your new content.  So glad you didn't leave. You've matured and become a well-rounded adult, which will probably appeal to the audience that matured with you. I find you and your wife charming and I really love Japan as well. Always be unappologetically you. 🤗
I’m so thankful for this channel. Keep up the great work man :)
End of an era.
Just do what you love big brother
Thanks for sharing your life with us. Have fun, take your own pace, and soak it up.
What website did you use to get those headphones from?
Cheers for you doing what you feel is right. Happy for you Pewds :]
👍
i hope youtube see's him as inspiration to better the platform.
Like the godfather of youtube.  People will study pewdewpie because he did something very difficult. Like I'm limited in my knowledge but he did something for parasocial and internet for culture with so much pressure from industries.
Even when his channel isn’t grow, he still is.
💙💙
I hope you don't retire,Felix.Seriously hope you don't.We love you.
Just came back to check in after the pregnancy announcement, so congrats on that and I hope it goes well all the way. He seems calmer now than when I left and I'm happy to see that.
I think Felix has been out of the YouTube mindset for years now. And no matter what, I enjoy the videos he uploads as long as he’s having fun. YouTube is meaning to be fun. That was never his goal. I’m glad u are still here ❤️
I have been watching your videos since grade 7, now Im graduating from University. I am so grateful to be in this journey with you. Please don't quit. I will always support you!!! 🥲
Внатуре?
I personally don't mind cause I stopped watching. Have started again because I love the Japanese vlogs
Actually more than 10 years on youtube!
4 months later and Pewds still has 111 million followers. Interesting
What's with the giant headphones
I’ve always liked your gaming videos growing up as a kid but I’m still happy that you’re doing what you enjoy and that you have fun. I think that’s important than what we want. I’m happy for you pewds 👍🏻
I was born when his channel was made omg 🥲
He thanks us for being with him but we have to thank you. For being who you are. U can do what you wish your just amazing.
What a nice way of saying 'because i want the money '
I’m glad you didn’t quit, ignore the haters your funny
Been watching you since I was 10 years old, back when you did the amnesia videos. I appreciate everything you’ve done throughout all these years😢
Pewds needs to sit down with Dr K
2023 coming back to watch ur videos after watching in high school 2012-2016. So glad you didn’t quit 😊😊 so proud. I’m 25 now and I still love you and your videos
I really like your recent contents too! The reason I grew up watching your videos because I really like your personality and vibe! Whatever the content is I will keep on supporting!!
Please don't quit. I hope you see this comment instead of those that tell you to do it. There is absolutely no reason for you to
I understand the happily ever after, its well deserved.  However,  pewds is a positive influence on the youth.  Admirable.
what headset is that?
PewDiePie Is Still The World's Biggest YouTuber
I hope you find your peace man in whatever form it manifests. I’d love if you lived your life and just dropped a video when you truly felt inspired to do so. But that’s my own selfish desire. Do what makes you happy you owe us nothing at this point.
yea i wish i did not have my great job here if i could have a job that i can have with me anywhere i can go then i would have went to japan too such a nice place
would it not just be boring to do nothing he is even in a great point where it doesnt matter what he really does and he can make whatever he wants and when i gues so that must be great as a creator think? idk i aint no youtuber
Keep doing what makes you happy! I really enjoy your new content and I think a big part of it is that you genuinely enjoy what you are doing in your videos. I've been watching since the Amnesia days and your videos have always been a source of comfort to me.
Felix, I have been subbed on this account since 2015, my previous account since 2013. Its been almost 10 years. I am incredibly proud of everything you've accomplished and I wish nothing but the best for you. As long as you keep making cool shit ill keep watching even if its 2 years between uploads. Good Luck in Japan!!
Be an actor or somethin
Start a competing eSports team to rival Moist
I'm never going to be disappointed with the fact that you didn't stop uploding.  Years might go but we are always going to be 9 years old. Many other 9 years old are getting life, hopefully, like I'm trying to too. So there is not that much time for me to even watch them regularly, but when I do, I feel so happy and proud of the journey you got. Brofist :)
Felix the 🐐
Pewds Gaming please😔
Awesome! It takes a lot to get things going here on YouTube. Way to go! Thank you for sharing your story!
You do you bro!! Been here for like 8 years!! 😁👊🏼
Will always love and support you pewds, just keep doing what makes you happy. Brofist. 👊🏻❤️
❤
I started watching in you in your Amnesia era and for some times afterwards. As you said, you changed your content, but that wasn't the reason why I unsubcribed. I did so, because as a viewer I noticed a change in you.  It started to feel like as if you're uploading, because you have to. The fun part kind of disappeared and you're "aura" felt unbalanced.   Since the last 3 days I've been watching your channel sporadically again and I love seeing you being calmer, your content is more relaxed and you're seemingly enjoying yourself.
i like that he uploads sporadicly he seems alot happier since doing it this way
Happy to see that you're still uploading sometimes
Those headphones are too small
Man I really just open YouTube to check on this channel every once in a while. I don't have the same kind of time I had when I was a kid to keep up with every video, but I have so much respect for the past. The Brofist was refreshing.
I’ve been head since 2012 watching telltale Walking dead you do you bro keep yourself happy
hi bro you’re the one that gives me happiness to go on.
I'm a new follower and I absolutely love seeing your vlogs in Japan
From crying in Amnesia to being one of those most successful youtubers ever. That must be a surreal feeling 😅
Kan inte du köpa in dig i något bolag och bli majoritetsägare?
Hey Pewds, I doubt you’ll ever read this but just in the small chance you do, just do what you love and what makes you happy. You’ve done a great job in your YouTube career and I’m super proud of you watching how far you’ve come since you started and since I was a kid. Life is short and no amount of money is gonna extend it. Just do what makes you happy and fulfilled in life, whatever it may be.
There’s just no way I’ve been watching pewds for 10 years omg
Bro you catch me… you took the way that I wish I would have taken 5-7 Years ago. I started making Music 5 years ago and pushed me to go, go, go even further but till day today I never really got started.  To all those who struggle with their insecurities or their paths. Stop thinking and start acting. It’s not the money that pushes creative minds to do what their doing. It’s inventing your self again.  If you got a goal you can archive it, but don’t get stuck on the opinions of others. Do what fulfills you and you will reach it 🙏🏻
Could have made your point in 7 seconds, but you kept repeating the redundant sentences over and over again for over 7 minutes.
I love your „new“ style
12 years on youtube and the best content is the japan vlogs in my opinion
I was a 1st year hs when I first watched your vid, it was 2011 and now I'm currently working as a software engineer and I still love watching your vids. Thank you for these wonderful vids for the past years, Have a good life pewds!
I can't believe I was about 11 or 12 when I started watching Felix, and now I'm 21 and in my final year of university.  I relate so hard to feeling stuck doing something I don't really want to do, and feeling like things will be fine but it's not the path you want to go down. Seeing his growth over the past 10 years makes me look forward to my own future in a weird way, I'm glad that he's stuck around and still uploaded updates too. Here's to the next 10 years 😊
I’ve watched you since I was 6 it’s crazy to see how much you’ve change and grew it would suck to see you quit
I was here in the very beginning 🥺 and I’m so glad you decided to stay YouTube.
Ohayo gozaimas
Good job
wow man you living thr dream job that most of us don't achieve so do youtube as your wish we always support your brother,keep the good work...
Fuck we are all really growing up 😭
Still remember you wearing a bra and panties for harlem shake lmao.  the OG of youtube is you. I love you Pewds, thank you for making me and others around the world more happy everyday for the last 10 years.
Felix, I appreciate all the laughs, comfort, and growth you’ve provided to me over the years. Anything you post, we will enjoy because we like seeing YOU. Not just your content :) Even if you fully called quits, more of us than you think would be so proud and happy for you to do what you want in YOUR life.
Fame or Money didn't change pewdiepie ...one of the things I love about this guy
love your new videos
Love you felix.
proof that change is normal and beautiful. ❤
Man, I love you.
TBH i love ur these chill video <3
Why is there no turkish subtitles. You have so many fans here.
ye i rmember
Pewds, the way you play games is unique honestly. No other youtuber is as creative as you giving characters funny names and creating your own little world inside the plot of the game. No other youtuber is that immersed in comparison to you playing games you actually enjoy. It feels as if the rest were just playing for clout and not because they like it. With you it's so different that that type of content is really enjoyable! I support any type of content you decide to make cause I've been following you since 2014 and I've loved all of the different PewDiePie eras and watching you grow as a person. I wish you the best in life!
<3
Legend
This gave me a smile. Thank you.
I wanna keep seeing you grow and evolve. You were part of my childhood and I hope that I can see your family grow one day even as an outsider
I hate shorts, they just try to pull you in and eat your time.
Please say the nword for old times sake 😭
we love you felix. as you dont upload as frequent as used to, I don't visit you as frequent as I used to. but I am still here, because u are still here.
You have brought me wonderful memories and wonderful times. I’ve been watching you throughout high school all the way up to the age of 26. I’m having a child. It’s a boy I would like to have him watch some of your videos when he gets older and then maybe he can subscribe and watch you make videos all the time don’t ever quit you have made me happy with your channel and you brought so much joy in my life and my life is falling apart in high school you were my reward videos when I would do well in college and my relaxation videos after games, I love you so much!!!
I personally really don't want Felix to quit. Just some updates and what he is up to is fine enough for me
Upload til you drop, don't stop. 🥺
I love Felix is just himself 100, doing what he loves and uploading cause he feels like it - thanks for all the great years of content bro, I for one will keep checking up on what your up to as long as your here❤💪
🫡🫡
those are some giant headphones
I feel this so much man. Second time watching this, just to inspire myself I guess
Your best content was when you had a full beard and you were fighting with the bs media
I've never really watched pewds that much, but I've always respected his drive. I think it's fine that you're retired, now what you're really doing is just posting because you want to post. It's like getting up and being like "Damn... I really want to do this", so you end up putting a bit more effort into it and take your time with it because you don't have that usual pressure of it because it's your job.   Just do you man, post whenever you want and enjoy the life you've worked so hard to build 👍
thx for sharing pewds
What a total waste of 7 fking minutes
Crazy to think I fellowed your channel when it was 100000. Loved the the amnesia vids with mr.chair, Stefano, and other characters like DADDDD, shut up boyyyy! Was 16 and now 27. Anyways would be lying if i said I watched your stuff everyday cause tbh its been years. Always rooting for you bro. Do you
The brofist at the end was very nostalgic and heart warming in a way. I love to see how much pewds has progressed in his life and im glad to have been apart of it. been here since amnesia :) love you pewds
Although I cant follow to the many videos anymore (adulthood is crap) im super happy to come back here from time to time and see how much you changed, evoluted and all the bros are here doing the same thing for you. You´ve built an amazing channel and community, we could never be happy to see you leave. Even though you are kinda retired, its so good to see you come back for us too. By the way, we all came here for the fun, right? Thanks for everything, Pewds !
Salah satu alasan kenapa saya sangat menyukai anda adalah karena semangat, kreativitas dan dedikasi yang telah anda bangun di dunia peryoutube an. Anda sangat menginspirasi bagi kaum muda saat ini.
Watching this at 2 in the morning realizing It’s been 10 years from when I started watching youre slender videos and you’re horror play throughs. I hardly watch you anymore since I’ve grown up but you were a huge part of my childhood and even though you’ll probably never see this. Thank you, Felix.
Do more book reviews!
Felix is living his best life. He aint going back and forth witchu nįqqąs
My favorite memory was the time you were on that bridge🥺 ahhh memories
"He's got fame, he's got the money what else does he want?"  *He wants the One Piece, dude*
Kan du spela Minecraft på svenska någon gång?😁
pewds i miss your irl editing videos. at least bring that one back
I been in this community since 2014 great to see you happy!!!  *Brofist*
Pew ❤️🇧🇷💪🏻
I hope you figure out what YOU really want to do, and reap all of the rewards from all of your hard work from the years. You brought us happy times and now it’s time for you to be happy & enjoy it too!
Loved the brofist gave me chills haha I'm just happy I can tune in every now and then see what's going on it's like visiting an old friend, I'm glad for you pewds and love that you upload as long as you do
feel like a real brother all time loved from the bottom of my heart💗
The year is 2022 and im now watching PewDiePie, lol. Never done it before the "Bloat-pilled" video, always thought this was a lame gamer-chanel for kids, but Ive watched some videos from you now and its really good content.
This is why I love felix
Maybe one day he'll stop reacting to cringe content as well. Would like to see him and friends get into dun shenanigans
If you do quit, finish playing a quality horror game, like Outlast trials or something, for ol time sake
When you left England I was a bit sad because I derived some comfort from the fact that you had chosen to live here - so it can't be that bad, but I know Japan was your dream so I was also really pleased for you. I think the same thing would happen with your fans if you left YouTube. We'd miss you a great deal but knowing that you're living the life you want and are happy would make us happy.
You were such a major part of my childhood growing up, and even tho I don't watch you nearly as much as I used to anymore, u will 100% always be such a great influence
Don’t quit, Everrrr🫤 If been watching you since i was 8 years old and im 18 now.. So please mr pewdiepoe don’t stop❤️
felix even if you did the most swallow pointless video ever i remember many times that my life wasnt that good and a random video: you talking about memes was actually helping with my day dont look down even your <<worst>> videos
I really can relate to the feeling of being stuck doing something that you don't like. I'm currently studying engineering in Uni, but I'm more like a creative person...I like design, I like drawing and painting BUT my parents "forced" me to choose a serious University course (my options were Law school, Med school, Economy and finance or Engineering). I wanted to attend a design school but my parents told me that it's an "unsafe" choice that wouldn't get me anywhere in life and that perusing that path would lead me to live a lower quality life. So now I'm stuck studying something I don't like, with no motivation to get good grades, watching my peers succeed in their life, while doing what I like on the side...If anyone has any advice for me I would greatly appreciate it.
Pewds, Kampaii! I started watching your vids after you popped off, around 2017. I love to go on and  off your channel between periods in my life, and I always get back because I know you will be a good company and trying you best to evolve as a person. tbh, this makes me reflect on myself, and I get served memes. Now that you are in Japan, please become a travel vloger for all us weeber around the globe.
I miss the book reviews
im happy that pewds hasnt quit but at the same time he has nothing to do now hes done so much
I watch you because I enjoy your commentary on video games. You're so creative and you tell stories while immersing yourself in the current game your playing. No other youtuber does it the way you do. You've been such a huge part of a lot of peoples lives. Now my 6 year old son is watching your Minecraft series and LOVES it. You make some people feel like they have a best friend they've never met. I wish you nothing but happiness because you've given all of us so much. Thank you for everything.
I think this is the best way to retire. Just do it for fun. I used to watch pewdiepie when I was like 12 years old. (10 years ago). Glad to see him just chilling after all the success.
I was at another time in my life when I started watching you, I remember fondly that years with no responsabilities, no family, I was just a dumb young man living life...   YouTube was growing and you were the leading man of videogame reactions, literally you change the game man.   I just wanted to say thanks, you made a lot of my days better with the laughs and all the jokes.  I'm happy to see you doing alright, cheers pewds.
Gg
thank you for staying we will always support you i think it s hard nowadays to find this kind of youtuber who feels real and like a  friend that  gives you advice  from time to time
From cod to now. Been here almost 11 year watching pewds. Thank you for everything ❤️
Tbh pewds was the era of youtube i loved, once he stopped uploading ive taken a step back i come here once and a while to see what hes doing, but now i just follow him and marzia on insta and its so cute seeing what they do in their daily life its nice to see them just relax for once and be hppy☺️
Dont quiiitttt hahahha
been with you for 10/12 years :) so thankful you still post videos, gives me major nostalgia to spend some time with familiar voices <3
The legends for me you're still the Number 1
Thanks for content good
Man I remember those cod videos he posted :(
Felix I think you need to live ur life bro you have given us a life of content and I think you need to retire. Thank you for everything but go live with Marzia and start a family and watch over all your accomplishments. We all love you Felix
So proud of how far you’ve come Felix, im glad you’re enjoying your life and doing what makes you happy ❤ been supporting since 2013, I’m glad you’re enjoying Japan!
Felix is like a Pokémon Champion but it took quite some time for him to pass on the title~
A man that doesn't know how to quit can't learn it when he needs to. That's the personality made you successful in the person.
4:04 it's coz I visited your channel, surprised, found out why, however Im with you still I meet your The Forest video "Build the Muddaf00ken effigies" is the peak most fun in that year(entire life perhaps from a single Youtuber) I wish I can see more game for "fun" stuff, you even create godly good song, you are the creator, I always remember it, memorize it, keep it on my mind as long as possible just lest past be & head for future, new generations are coming so they need to know the "new fun" of you
Idono why but I nearly feel like cryen I was watching this man since I was like 10 years old I’m 22 now like and I would never imagine YouTube wit out u bro this man is an icon always will be and watever anyone says YouTube wouldent be YouTube without this man he influenced so many people think about how many people that are big in YouTube tried to use his influence honestly and everyone in YouTube know and all around the world that know this website know that pewdiepie is the original influencer
Been watching since I was 11, never thought he was a bad guy
please never quit. I grew up watching u and I would cry if u quit.
i don't really watch pewds anyomore... i started watching his videos at 15 years and now i'm almost 25. it's been like two years that i don't watch every video anymore, and that's ok. it's not his "fault", not that hi's not enought fun or stuff, it's just that i kinda grow up and became a boring adult lol. let's say that now i'm a busy grown ass kid... but from time to time i do open youtube, just to check on him and make sure he's doing ok, i am so greatful for every minute of his videos i watched during high school and university. watching this video felt like meeting an old friend, felt cozy, felt familiar, felt good. thanks pewds for everything you did for us, for every smile, for every advice and for everything you beared throught all this years. gonna check on you soon. have fun and enjoy everything you earned.  stay awesome bro. 💪
Everyone out here, found pewds at 12 and are now 22-23 and here I thought I was somewhat special
"How's it going, bros!?"
Bro just quit
Thank you Flex 💪🏿
I've been there from the beginning, seeing you with all the addiction, red eyes, drunk af, etc, and thank God I made it to here, with you in the present, being happy with yourself, sober and so so in joy.  Please be happy & do your video with your own way. We will still be here.    Xoxo Biggest fan who got the amazing chance played online game with you in the past.
Your moderators should quit... Or at least grow a brain...
Not gonna lie I’d kill for a cod video in the style of the OG vids for the new COD recorded with unregistered hypercam 2
6:57 almost had mi shed a tier :')
New Minecraft series????????🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
❤
When you feel fully satisfied what you have achieved, it's done it's totally done.
Been watching since 2012 i was 9 then and watching Pewds is one of my many fond memories from that time.
fala pew
I am 21 and I still get cheers while I watch him
111mil subs and still slapping his mic and leaving in the mic pop. GOATd
Keep it up Felix I love the Japan vlogs
No more meme review?  When u bring it back... it's gonna be awesome.   Been subbed for a few years.  I give a rats about mine craft but I looked pewpie up after he got "canceled."  Don't remember details but he pretty buch told the Anti Defamation League to suck it.  Not a move made much by the f4gs on yt but he earned my respect.   As u age u will slowly understand that knowledge begets ignorance. In a good way.  The more u learn thru life the more u realize u were wrong and don't know about life. (And all content there-in.)  Sone folks aren't good at not being able to explain everything, so they lie or indulge falsehoods.  Good folks embrace the potential.    I'm just thinking. Fkk the adl.
Those headphones look ... pretty expensive.
is this a reupload or? i swear ive seen this before..
watchin you since 4th grade  I remember all my friends used to support t series but i always supported pewds much love <3
Peace!
Much love pewds. Thanks for all the laughs. Growing up and to this day still. I revisit  every once in a while,   have a smile on my face everytime.
👊
I like how my documentary on Pewdiepie from 4 years ago, which is literally called Why Pewdiepie Still Makes Videos, has the same conclusion that this video has lol
felix right now feels like the end of god of war gameplay, it feels like the story has ended already but u can still play and explore the map
What constitutes to a channel "peaking"? Not getting more subs? Who even cares about that? I don't think Pewds has peaked.
Growing up with pewds is a part of my life that I'd even tell my grandkids
I've watched this guy felix since i was 13 and now I'm 21...thanks for keeping me entertained...always a bro👊
It's been sooo, soo long that I don't watch yer vids, Pewds, that I didn't even know you claimed you'd quit before.. But I'm thankful for yer as well.. it's just a bit sad that it seems you don't upload walkthroughs as often as you used to do in the past... :/ But I understand you, have a good life man, no problems on that, and I for sure will still revisit mainly yer Outlast, Amnesia and Corpse Party gameplays, whenever I feel like, which were the ones I enjoyed the most :)
Hi Felix, I love you man. I been watching you since highschool and I love the content and energy that you give in every video that you make. Life goes on and priority and commitment caching up to me as I'm older that I lost the time for youtube and your video. Years after, I came back to your channel and seen this video. Some how I can relate and that is why I love your video. You always discuss something that is relatable. Please be yourself man, enjoy life more. You deserve it, for all the joy you gave and believe it or not the life you save through your video.  Best regards, Your old and return fan.
I started watching when i was 11 and in a few months I turn 21. It’s been a long ride but i love your content i love the real talks you give us too. it feels really personal. you’re the absolute best on this platform. a true legend. it feels like we’ve all collectively grown up together. To many more years bros👊🏼
I've been with this guy since stephano and the son on happy wheels this man will forever be the goat of YouTube bless you pewdiepie for giving me some sort of childhood comfort ik I don't watch your videos now but I will forever not be ashamed to be a bro 💕👊
Haven't watched pewds for 3 years or something but holy shit he finally got his camera fixed after all.
As well as other people I started watching when I was 12 in 09 first with was it happy days the dummy game that had the dad with the kid in the bike it’s been so long and then amnesia and my favorite videos of yours the indie horror Pokémon style games you’d play peeking when outlast came out you’ve made a generation laugh do whatever you want you’ll do it with love and you have the respect for the rest of your life for the laughs you brought haven’t watched in years but I’ll never forget the laughs
Is it okay if I say I feel thankful to Pewds for still being on Youtube? Cause that's how I feel. I love his new, chill content, I love how he feels comfortable enough to share his life with us through vlogs and how he doesn't have to stress over deadlines or fixed series. I just enjoy seeing him doing what he loves. This is all that matters and this is all that have always mattered to me. I have nothing but pure love and respect for this man and his family
my whole childhood
Bro i can't stop laughing at the post credits joke. wtf was that lmao, now it's stuck in my brain
I don't believe for a second that he didn't get into Youtube for the fame and money. That's why 90 precent of people got into Youtube or want to get into it. He just doesn't want to look bad and have idiots in the comments saying stupid crap about how that's wrong and there is more to life but deep down they would take all his money and fame in a heartbeat if they were able to. He literally said that he was hoping and praying that his channel would take off (meaning making a bunch of money and of course built into that is fame as well) so he didn't have to become an architect or a different career path. And who wouldn't want that, there is nothing wrong with wanting money and fame, EVERYONE wants those things (even if they don't admit it out loud), at least almost everyone. Its just the fakeness of contradicting your self literally not even 2 mins after you say you wanted to make money doing Youtube and be able to do it full time (which by deffintion means he was seeking money, maybe not fame by necessity but its a VERY rare bread who doesn't value fame and wealth)
@Pewdewpie CAN YOU GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT ON YOUR NEXT VIDEO CAUSE YOU HANDSOME!
Pews I will always love you ok and support u when ever, enjoy Japan and enjoy your retirement, we all love and appreciate you ❤️
Get it pewds. Love it man
Felix will always be King of YouTube
You've grown alot from gaming YouTuber who screamed at games to now making fascinating vlogs of your life in Japan. Keep doing you
My god I remember watching pewds for 4 years straight and now I just searched for pewds because I saw me beast passed you on the sub count, but the point is I came back here after a year, and i feel like crying, it brings back so many memories, this channel feels like home, pewds feels like home. Thank you for everything felix, you literally deserve everything!!
i wonder how it feels to have viewers who were once kids and now are grown adults who have full time jobs paying bills. i started watching pewdiepie when i was like 13 and now im 21... crazy how time flies
I’ve been here since about 10-13 years old, I’m turning 22 next week, thanks for all you have done; I was in the hospital for a month while the Minecraft series was going and it helped, it helped in hs as I got bullied, and now in college when I’m stressed. Thanks for everything bro
Hi! 👋🏻🙂 May i suggest something?  Take a looong vacation. Forget YouTube and alll the other platforms where you have been streaming and playing etc.  And then when you feel good and happy again (1 year? 5 years? 10 years?) consider maybe opening a new channel?  I love to watch this South Korean mukbanger called Hamzy, because she has another channel called "Wandering Hamzy" where she posts all her traveling videos (her BF? husband? is always behind the camera. LoL!).   I'm 45 y/o myself and i'd love to watch videos from Japan! And Asia in general.  All those scripted travel shows on tv and here are just too.."meh" for my liking...🙄  So yea, think about it. Byeee!👋🏻🙂  ~Misty from Finland~
That headset looks ridiculous. lol
Imma adress the elephant in the room. None of this would be happening right now if the N word didnt slip and the cancellation culture came flocking down like the npc’s did when moses parted the sea. But shit happens and thats okay. because in this life we are just experiencing the smallest blip of existence in a molecule of a time scale. And just to be alive and witness the amount of content you have created and the funny moments you made has solidified a focal point in the future of content creators. Be safe homie. Thank you
Go get em, Pewds. You earned it.
It will be a huge loss if he left
I've been here since I was a cringey high schooler running around quoting your Amnesia: Dark Decent videos, lmao x'D I think it's nice that you're just making videos that you want to make now rather than what people expect of you, and it's nice to see you're able to relax instead of having to be the the Swedish guy yelling at horror games and Happy Wheels. You've come a long way Felix!  I hope you and Marzia are having a great time living in Japan!
I love you felix, i know you dont know me but jesus christ you are the man most people aspire to be
Of course you didnt quit.....how would you get this much money?i mean you need to work a very good job to get that money what you get from youtube?Litteraly you get a lot of money if you just put a 10 sec video with your face......:D
Brofist
Will honstly meme review should come back I want to smile
He's growing up 🙏🏻 Loved this video, keep doing what you do man. Been watching you since I was little, like, since Fridays with Pewdiepie 😄 it's been a great ride.
Have watched pewdiepie since I was like 11 and I’m 21 now. Fucking love seeing him happy and building the life that fulfills him most. Hope to hold onto some of the lessons and learn more about myself and the world through people like you so that one day I can find my passion and my forever person, if that’s meant for me. Sending love for a small town in America?
💪
Felix would love shrooms. Hes should try it. Well... Theres no love without hate tho... He'll get what i mean when he does it
Never quit
when you are so stable you can be hiatus for 2 years and still be relevant. just go with your own pace and flow felix, you deserved it after all these years.
I brofist fist bumped my screen at the end.
Plz play more horror games like outlast you entertain us so much plz uplode more😭
U can play more games and uplode
7.They know an outward part of this life, but of the Everlasting Life they are inattentive. 8.Have they never thought to themselves that Allah did not create the heavens and the earth and all that is between except with truth, and for a stated term? Yet most people disbelieve that they will ever meet their Lord.  Quran, Chapter 30, Qaribullah-English translation.
Been here for the last 9-10 years you have had a amazing impact on over half my life
Been here since first grade and made a youtube channel back then that sounded like yours lol. I'm in college now, crazy how time flies
You looked at your ad revenue, that's why you didn't quit.
What are those headphones?
The having fun part is probably your best decision my friend, im glad your living your life happily
This semi-retirement era is my favourite honestly. I subbed to you back when you had 80,000 subscribers. I loved your content then and I love it now, even if I didn't love it for a while in the middle XD keep doing you pewds, we'll keep watching.
We all know he didn't retire for the money 🤣
I have never felt such peace listening to you talk about your future~
Wonder if he still talks to cry
YouTube is a part of pewdiepie. I mean what would he do if he quit? Sit in a room and read? This is a habit for him already
Pewds you were my internet daddy. I learned more from you than my actual dad. I remember getting excited when I saw a new video come out. I don't get excited anymore because just like every other 25 year old, I am dead inside. Sometimes I just put a random video of yours for background noise in my quiet apartment. Most of my childhood memories are disturbing, negative, awkward and just plain sad. But then, in this shitstorm people call a mind, there is you! Being the brightest toilet paper with angelic wings, cleaning all the negative shit in my head with humor. I love you on a whole different scale, papa. xoxo
Been watching your videos for 8 years now. Love you so much Pewds and I'm so glad you're still going to be making videos. I'm really enjoying watching your videos of Japan🌸  P.s Yours and Martzia's relationship is super wholesome.
Tell me why I actually teared up when he did the bro fist at the end.
I feel old having been watching him since 2012 😭 I am like in shock as I haven’t been back in a hot minute. I’d hate to see him go but he honesty deserves to not be tied down to it, but glad your still here lol
That bro fist made me cry smh
I grew up watching you and Mariza. I was DEVASTATED when Marzia left YouTube. I prayed you’d stay (for my own selfish hope and also cause I’m a simp for Marzia and you together).  I’m excited to keep watching your vlogs and collabs. You’re enough Pewds. I love watching you guys succeed together. Keep doing it.
why you dont record gameplay videos again pewdie? isnt there any game you want to play anymore? an online game maybe? survival games, mmos? i know you will not read my comment... but well, idk
WE WANT ANOTHER 10 YEARS OF PEWDS
Do gaming just do it
I've been watching utube for over a year and now just they're of this guy lol
love you and marzia always happy to see anything you share!!!!
When you've played the campaign three times, and then think...what now...
Felix-Pewds, Do what you want to do. -Glenn Coco
Don’t Quit Pewds you can do it ❤
thanks Felix, we'll always love you ;)
I’ve been watching pewdiepie since I’ve been 8 years old and 7 years later I’ve seen the amazing community growing and I just want to say thank you for the childhood that you gave me and every other kid had because of you
You’re the goat pewds thanks for making my childhood awesome and continuing to do it for more people
Whenever I need help the most, it is you who accompany me through the difficulties. Words can’t even express my gratitude. I also hope that I can be by your side when you need help. I wish you all the best in Japan.  I also hope that you will have the opportunity to visit Taiwan.
the brofist at the end made me cry
Beautiful self reflection
I’m a 38 year old Swedish guy and I have been here since 2014 and it has been a pleasure. Still love your videos maybe even more now. Love to see your journey, surfing and exploring Japan.
been with pewdiepie since i was 8, grade 3, I now just finished highschool and am 18. wtf bruh
Been with pewds when he had less than few 100k subs and loved all the different types of content he uploaded throughout all those years. 😊 Its great seeing you just taking a bit more time to enjoy life!! 😊😁
You're a good man. Take it easy and enjoy your life!
Who else started watching Pewds after A Funny Montage in like 2013?
broFIST!!! been an 10 year fan and more to go ^^ im glad felix has been part of my whole life growing up <3
Unlike a lot of people I didn’t start watching pewdiepie until way after the the video games era when I was becoming a young adult. I got to know pewds from commentary videos, ylyl, books reviews and my favorite videos are always where he’s talking about something he’s passionate about or just having fun with the community and all of our inside jokes. I just think pewds is a genuinely good person and I admire his authenticity. i also appreciate the original content but pewdiepie is goated in every way n the type of role model I’d want my kids to have
Give us more TIBIA STORIES
Imagine people telling him to quit  Yet get upset when YouTubers take a couple months off on YouTube
That headphones bro. Lit! Somebody knows what model that is?
Some things never change 👊
You are a legend. You and Mark are my childhood
love u
You should get into acting man. Maybe you and Marzia could release a movie together?
So pewds you ever gonna unprivate the Happy Wheels vids you privated?
You made all of our hearts you deserve rest champ
Pewdiepie is the perfect example of suffering from success. Such a weird paradoxical problem.  We want what we can’t have.
you can see felix is soo happy here im proud
2016 pewdiepie was meta, been a fan for like 10 years l think? He gon come back stronger in a year or two, not a single doubt about it
Don't ever quit Felix.. even if you just upload once a month... I for one am looking forward to "Grandpa Felix" in 5o years :p
How do you know thst you're old : Bitch lasagina was uploaded 4 years ago
because Peeeewdiepieeeee :D
> talks about cheap video > creates gatcha video  But whatever do wahr you want to do
luv u pewds
Felix, are you Catholic? If not you should check it out.
Just want pewds to react alone, not with that other guy
Ñ
Fist comment sir .big fan .from pakistan
From bros, to Sensei..
Good job pewdz you reached the top and now you can relax and have fun, you worked hard for it and now you can rest.
i’ve been watching you pewds for about 8 years now. you were my first youtuber that i ever got into!!! that will always stay in my heart, you were the one who got me into the youtube community & for that i’ll be forever grateful. i have absolutely LOVED seeing all the changes you have gone through. it’s weird bc i feel like the changes that i have gone through timed up w the changes you went thru. i couldn’t imagine watching the silly gaming videos anymore at this point in my life (as much as i do love them) the vlogs & simpler videos are what i need in my life right now & im so appreciative of that.  you will forever ever be my absolute favorite pew. you have the most beautiful soul.
started watching you when i was in 4th grade I now have been outa high school for a year shits crazy
The great one speaks.
Do your thing outlast was gr8 happy wheels was gr8 but now I’m as old as u where when u we’re doing all that and life changes and that’d be so hard to keep your channel included within your life u did gr8 live life
Thanks for not retiring you are the best plz stay and make us laugh in your way
you're a legend! YouTube would be nothing without what you've brought to the platform since the beginning! just be happy my man!
So proud ❤️🥹
India is best
4th grade! 9 years old I'm 19 now thank you Felix for everything!
What i think would be nice is for all the youtubers you used to play gmod with, prop hunt etc with rpgminx and the gang just to do some sort of podcast and have like a mini reunion etc, been a long couple of years and i also dont blame you leaving the UK its going down hill massive globalist takeover :(
This video feels like watching a wise old man speak wisdom
Good love you pewds we love you man shit would suck if you left I used to watch your videos all the time in high school it would help me get through the week watching you just keep being you your real subs will stay .
Felix didn’t quit... He just grew up.
For me, pewdipie is that friend that you don't meet that often or constantly keep in contact with. But when you eventually meet it's like you've never been apart from each other. Pewds still makes me feel the same way and makes me laugh like I did in 2012. There Is something so comforting in knowing that he'll be there on YouTube no matter where you're at in your life.
God he's handsome
i'll miss gloria borger, but i understand sir have a nice day
COME TO Korea 💙💙💙💙💙
I'm interested in getting a work visa for Japan, and idea could be that you talk about what it's like being a foreigner and tips for new comers?
Thank you Felix😭 ive been watching you since i was 10 and now im 23 , Big Well done for all of your accomplishments, let us see marzia again pleaseee i miss her and you contents ❤❤
As a 21 year old, I think I feel similar to how you felt around my age, kinda in the phase of my life where I have a decent job , nice apartment but I just feel stuck, like I have the stability but I don’t wanna do this forever and it feels like I’m running outta time to figure out what it is I wanna do or who I wanna be, I wonder if you ever really know..
Thanks for the ride 🤍 it’s been awesome watching you come so far and the amount of laugher you’ve brought me and my friends is something I cannot put in words. 🤍
I like the current content more actually. VLOGs are kinda relaxing and more inspiring then videos from before . (to me at least)
it’s been so awesome watching you grow throughout your videos & i just really love that you’re doing what YOU want to do now
Happy birthday!
Why are you wearing my grandmas clocks on your ears?
Dedicated your channel entirely to Cringe Tuesdays.
I love this guy
Bro those headphones are huge
Not a single dislike, now that definitely says something.
Would you consider doing a podcast again?
Lefix ok
When I started watching Pewdiepie back then I was still around 9 to 10 years old. Back then, life felt like the best moments of my life because of the small number of problems I had compared to now, and also had a few school friends that also watched pewds, and they were the ones who become my best friend during most of my school life, time sure flies.  Well now I'm 19 years old, I don't watch Pewdiepie as often as I did back then but he is still one of my inspirations and still my all-time favorite YouTuber. I'm glad my older brother discovered pewdiepie back when he was still a "little" youtube channel, but that has brought me many connections and bonds towards somebody that I never knew I could had these past 10 years. And for that, thanks a lot Pewds.  BROFIST
I’ve been watching Felix since elementary school (6th grade) and remember getting big on him again during South Park stick of truth. Then the Minecraft series. Through relationships, hardships, good times and bad times. Now, I’m a senior in college. I’m going to graduate with a degree in business Admin and minor in data analytics. I currently work at a company. In all seriousness Felix, you’ve really taught me a lot of morals and lessons in my life. You’ve had a huge influence on my life and you will probably never meet me. That’s okay. Just grateful to have had you in my lifetime. To witness all your changes—Gaming, cringey over the top pewds, edgy pewds, wise pewds. I’ve loved all of it. So thank you Felix <3
I just clicked the subscribe button 😄  Hope you keep following your dreams, truthfully I have watched a lot of your videos for many years and think you are a cool guy. You have a nice charisma even though it is awkward at times, I think it is cool. Brofist, yolo (I do believe in reincarnation though) ❤
10 outa 10. Being here through your journey for years and I couldn't be happier for you. You are amazing. Keep spreading the positive vibes pewds 👊🏻
Bump mic more
The GOATs always have the hardest time quitting, totally makes sense
this man is my veteran general. I don’t want Felix to disappear, I’d rather him give some sort of update. Some sort of pure rare Felix that would sub sort to the basic peewds
Man I'm extremely nostalgic about meme review and pewnews and the war with T-Series. It's amazing how different ur channels changed, I'll always be a fan regardless of the content though :)))
i expected this i mean he growing up but  i always gonna support pewds and marzia best yt couple ever
The first time I watched pewds vids is the outlast vids.. man miss that day
im happy u aint quitting
I've watched your content since 2010. I was 17 back then. Now I'm 29... I laughed my ass of watching your Happy Wheels Videos back then and watched your Horror Game series.  How time flies....
Love you Pewds. Glad to hear you've been doin better and making choices that promote your happiness 💕
Come to Jesus while you have life. Once you pass to the beyond, you don't have a chance. Evil spirits fight in every way to keep people in lies, in false religious doctrines, in entertainment, in sin, in the evil system of the world. They say pastors are this, that, Christians are hypocrites, so-and-so's church is this, Cyclan's church is that, I don't have time to attend churches, etc. All this keeps people spiritually dead and unsaved. Church is not a place of perfection but of transformation; perfection God will complete in our lives in due time. Read the Bible; your future in eternity depends on the knowledge and practice of God's commandments!
This video made me emotional thinking about how far you have come with this ever-evolving platform. I'm glad you're doing what you love now in Japan. Thank you, Felix.
Love you forever Pew!
I’ve watched you growing up for the past 7 years. You will be my YouTube dad forever
Don't ever stop until you're doing it because you want to, no matter how much has happened within 12 years, you'll always be a fundamental part of most of our families and lives. Personally, I got to connect and then grow with you and a smol handful of the other OG Youtube creators and I don't really even want to know who I would be now if I hadn't had things like that. We'll always love you man and getting to see you be happy with always be my favorite flavor of content.
:]
I really enjoy your videos about Japan. :)
I literally never want you to quit. I’ve been following you for 10 years now, you’re apart of my daily routine now 😂
I’m here since 2012. Watched Felix EVERYDAY. Till a few years back but still love this channel!
Felix just grew up, and that's what will happen to every single one of us Heck, dude got engaged so that says it all
I watched him in his amnesia days when I was 14 and I’m 25 on friday, its wild, still love him. I have his book and will cherish it forever honestly.
I love Japan vlogs so this is a major win
NEVER QUIT.... This channel has really achieved a ton of good and it should exist forever.
Suggest for u to hear bts yet to come 👍
You basically explained the reason i unsubed when you started making videos were you were not having fun, i started to not enjoy as much as before
Dont give into the trolls man, if you want to do something, do it, if you dont, dont
Why I didn’t quit….? (🤔💭💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰💰)
We need old style gaming videos dude, BARRELS.
Count the bong noises
ty
Legend
Him and marzia and pugs are adorable.
When he finally leaves YouTube he should just do like a 3 hour compilation of all of his videos over the last 12 years loved all his old videos of amnesia and happy wheels
But why quit if you still enjoy posting? You have all this experience and skills to do this. It’d be a waste. Right?
bish if u quit we be mad sad  dun leave us like papa franku  like literally dont even needa upload that much maybe once a month or twice
So glad you have decided to stay and do what you feel like here! Soo happy myself you’re not quitting, as I just discovered you a few months ago!! ❤
I dont want to assume anything but I remember when u started growing real big i remember being a little bit sad because i felt like we lost you a little under the numbers, and i honeslty wanted the cute lil bro army back !!
WHO DAFK IS TELLING PEWDS TE QUIT I OUTTHA
Good luck to your new path!
I'm 23 but still 9yo 14-23 👊
Keep going Felix that's what he and Feral would have wanted.
I am so happy for you man!  You have come so far, inspired me to upload continent back in 2012 and be more creative. Always had a special place in my heart.  You're always welcome to do as you please, don't let anyone change that.  You keep being you! <3
you  are a king
Dude those headphones are gigantic, but keep doing what you do best. Never watched the drama but I keep coming back for these videos right now  and I watch you since penumbra so you must be doing something good
Pedws overcame the whole meta area
it has been a fucking pilgrimage.
Seeing what this channel has become, how it's transformed, it's wild. Life goes on yo, PewDiePie always be memorable
what mic does he use?
At this point I think this channel should be just anything you want but don't make it a requirement
12 years isn't that long pewds
Maybe bring back Friday's with Pewwdiepie
this was so wholesome 🥹
6:11
just do your videos. I can never imagine if I saw you working 9 to 5 job. haha
I don’t think I’m ready to let Felix go yet. But…. If he is tired and wants to relax I’m fine with it.
And another legend burned out again. Sad.
I love that you're here pewdz, you do you.   Don't stop... just do it when you want to and don't let anyone chase you away with their drama.   Love seeing stuff from you.   Just put you tube in its place,  do it when you want and we will be here cause we love ya
I hope you know that watching you play the last of us part 1, amnesia and happy wheels seriously changed my life I was 10 when I watched you for the first time and I’m now 4momths from being 18 an adult! I wouldn’t be who I am today without your content thank you for all the wonderful memories and fantastic videos that I can now re watch over and over for the rest of my life
:)
I've been absolutely loving the new Japan chapter! It feels so relaxing, especially after the wild 2020-2021 we all had
watching pewds videos was smth that always brought me genuine joy,  so seeing how peaceful and satisfied he is now I think he deserves some of the happiness he gave us
Wolf of wallstreet vibes
Proud of You felix<3 You deserve this
I've been watching since I was 12. I'm 23 now. It's a bizarre thing, practically watching someone grow up and change as a person. Happy for you and all that you've achieved. Keep living life.
MRBEAST will pass youuuuuu
The king of Youtube is now just enjoying the view. Props and love you since the beginning.
I Am Your Dad🙂
I'm proud of you, Felix! How much you have grown throughout the years is crazy! <3 Keep being you, Bro!
Is fun that u keep doing video even if it is not full time 👌
Jees I've found out about browski like 10 years ago. My life has changed many times since. Many phases. It's just life innit. We grow up and change and grow out of things and relationships, hobbies everything. I'm just happy this guy that has provided me and my friends with entertainment for a long time has made it where he wants to be and is enjoying himself. Thank you pewds.
fell in lo- enjoyed...youtube lol
Pewdiepie is now giving The crown to Mr beast
Keep doing what you like. The best kind of content
That brofist at the end made me tear up
Can you talk 🇸🇪 if you can I can talk too
Unsubscribe
Pewdiepie Vlog channel??????
Felix, you helped me, along with literally millions of others, get through so much in life. From young to old, good times and bad, since I was 13 I've been watching your videos and you helped me get through my teenage angst and depression, I feel like you and me and all of us have grown up together. Many people have the same story as me, im 24 now and about to buy a house and I love seeing that you're so successful and happy these days. Never let that go, we love you.
We all understand that you are retired but keep up your work you don’t need to stress out❤
We all evolve, and as we age what we want or need changes. I'm glad Felix is just pursuing what will fulfill him, as a long time viewer watching him finally settle in a much better place than he was makes me happy.
Perhaps this is too personal a question, but at what amount of money did you feel like “alright, well, what now”? I imagine it differs from person to person but I think it would be interesting insight.
Cuz that youtube check is too phat that's why
I really wish if Pewds start a podcast, like I world really like listening to him talking about random topics
Hit me up if you don't know what to do with your money. I can help
Vlog Japan for Us Pls
Don’t quit I wanna watch years from now
love u felix
U are a great man Felix.
4
4
Crazy I been watching pewdiepie since I was like 10/11 in now 26
Thank you for being a huge part of my adolescence, I grew up watching your videos, and I admire your honesty/authenticity. Love what you do, keep up enjoying and exploring life!
this vid was necessary
dont quit
Play some games there’s tons that are pretty fun
im stuck now.  and ill stay here.. until i die at 40 from a heart attack and a bad back... and ill leave my children a single wide trailer....sigh
I remember watching Felix in elementary school everyday and now i'm 26 and i'm loving the japan videos.
Babe you are my perfect Man and I'm super stoked you are still here. I truly love ❤️ 😍 you forevermore my King  unconditionally.
That’s sad that people actually tell you to quit like shut up already and leave the channel then if you don’t like pewds
I enjoy some of his videos but  they're not funny anymore: it's like turning the TV on and watch anything without minding it. I don't believe when he says he does it for fun. If he continues in Youtube after they deleted some of his videos it's just for money, and that's OK. Pewds is just a good bussinessman, a good Youtube employee who does not bite the hand that feeds him.
< 3333
You didn't quit because of the sweet, sweet money (especially through brand deals). Not even saying you're a bad person for that or anything, but at least be honest please^^
ive been a fan for maybe 6-7 years if not even more, lately i havent been watching so much but sometimes i check in and see what new videos has popped up, but for someone who has been watching these videos for so long you can truly see how much happier he is, not stressing or having to be careful in the same way, Felix is my comfort youtuber who i always know i can go back and watch even in a few years from now ill always know i can come back and watch my favorite videos. thank you felix, from one swede to another, thank you for being with me though my childhood to my now soon to be tweenties
I’ll always keep watching what you put out man, there’s always great content!
It's crazy to think I've been watching all these years from Friday's with pewdiepie sponsor eagle etc and now being 31 I've watched almost every video for almost 10 years It's crazy how much time pasts by so fast
Pewdiepie must be one of the most respected youtubers ever
If u delete u acc .. U stupid in the world .. No income every month
I am very very appreciative that you didn’t quit, your videos always make my day ❤
I like that you enjoy doing youtube again and doing things that is fun for you. If you feel not happy uploading videos, just remember why and how you started. I really enjoy watching your videos :D
Started watching you when I was 14 and I'm about to turn 24 now. Me and a lot of other people enjoy your videos especially if we can tell you enjoyed making them, you've been a constant for many of us. Thank you :)
What are those
Dude is the Tom Brady of YouTube
HES BECOMING SELF- AWARE
I still miss Meme Review but I understand it can get repetitive. Thanks for the years of entertainment pewds
if youre gonna continue, stop hitting the fucking mic lmao
PewDiePie being happy? Time to cancel him again MWAHAHAHA
I’ve been a bro since 2013. I’ve been through those different phases of you and I like all of them in different ways. I love your vlogs! I’m so happy for you that you do what you want to do
I was never told what laws there are
We're actually glad that you didn't quit. Now go and play visage or else lol jk 😂
Felix, I know it's not the money you're after. You're changing because you're suddenly ascending to a deeper meaning of life here in this world and the after life. Hope you find what your soul is longing. Btw, it's almost impossible you would read my comment out of 24k other comments but 0.00001% is still better than none. I am in my 40s who dream to be a youtuber..a successful one but I don't even have an active account to start with( I feel so timid saying this🥺)
Doing It Stealthy helps me to process my feelings about 9/11.
Oloff is the greatest living artist
ʇᴉ ʇnoqɐ ƃuos ɐ ǝʞɐɯ puɐ rape a turtle oʇ ɟɟolO ʇuɐʍ I
I listen to Doing It Stealthy when I'm experiencing existential dread. It makes it worse but... I just can't stop.
not to be a cringy typa fan, but this is for Felix if he ever sees this: your fans will love and support any decision you choose to do; retiring or not. So many of us have grown with you and you’ve been a major comfort to us in our times of need, and that’ll always be there. I personally genuinely became more mature and shown some growth thanks to YOU and the thoughts and experiences you’ve shared with us. I’d still watch you whatever your content is because it’s YOU, not because of the content itself, you’re what makes any video entertaining and worth watching. So you just do you and be happy and that’s what we all care about in the end. We just want you to enjoy your work and be happy making it, not exhausting yourself for it. Enjoy Japan and enjoy your life above all, we’re aware you’re a human being in the end and you gotta prioritise your happiness before anything. Love you Felix
bro literally don't even have to quit, just have fun with it. Post whenever you want how you want. The people that stay here with you are the real supporters don't stress yourself 💯
I'm so thankful for all you've shared with all us Bro's for all these past years. It's been absolutely amazing, I might not watch you as much as much as I'd like to. But when I do I always enjoy your content. So just know even if you ever decide to leave the Tube, I will always be someone who has always appreciated you and the content you have shared with millions and millions of people and the light that you've brought to people their darkest of times. Absolutely amazing person and I mean that man. I love you Felix, not pewdiepie. 👊🏻
I believe felix will do yt until the day he goes 6 feet under.
Been around since 8m subs. It's hard to believe so much time has passed.
Thank you for all of the memories, Pewds. Please enjoy your retirement days with uploading at your own pace. I have enjoyed your content since your Fatal Frame videos, and I know you have done a lot of positive impact to a lot of people!
I'll keep coming back on this to know that I shouldn't give up and that I'll never stop thanking Felix to all he has done.
I love you so much Pewds. I'm glad you didn't quit and please don't quit.🙏🏼❤️👊🏼
🅱️Blood.. 🩸🩸You were good about 5years ago..🩸🩸👌 that was your Peak! . Now this stuff dumb af! .. don't upload anymore..🩸🩸🩸🩸👌👌 On Bloodz
Dont quit  idol
What do you get with giving internet 12 years? To punch the camera with genuine disinterest. :^)
What audeze are those LCD-4?
You got boring
Been watching you for the longest about 10 years and I feel like I’ve seen you grow and go through the motions of loving your work and not being content but I’m happy that you are doing this for fun happy to see your videos and can’t wait to see what you put out ❤love all the work you do  👊🏼
are you breaking up with me? 😢
Hey Felix, I’ve been with you for a while man and just wanted to say Logic didn’t retire either and he’s still growing and making new music. I hope you see and know that other successful people your age are going through the same thing. A passion never dies and like you said you started at a young time and sometimes a passion can eat us at times. It does not make that bad though and with time we learn how to reflect on that. I think you’ve talked to Bobby perhaps off screen after the among us streams but I’m not too sure but I’m happy you can reflect and understand your core passion!
You no its really better content to have fun so keep doing it Brofist
Aquí alguien español
Success without fulfillment is failure.
more minecraft
Even if i don't watch every single videos, everytime i watch it's so much joy, love ya pewds
Out of topic question but Are those Audeze's planar magnetic headphones?
Good for you
You look incredibly healthy and happy. That's so awesome to see. Congrats, man. Best of luck, and thanks for all of the great times.
I hope you never stop posting 🙂 love watching your videos!
been watching you since the first south park series when i was a little kid. now i’m an adult lol. truly grew up watching you. love you always pewds.
You should have 🤗
can we all say how great it is pew did not turn out to be a pedophile groomer like the rest of the legacy youtubers
when you running out of ideas
Your old and outdated awesome content 6 or 7 years ago but now your super old 😂 GGS
❤
Ik you wanted to and tbh u shouldn’t I love the content no matter what and man ur vids got me thru a lot especially the gaming vids but ur a good guy man do what makes u happy
Been watching since 2014 crazy hes still making videos.
🤘♥️
It’s better for the 111M+ subs, that you don’t upload videos the way it was before you quit(too much of negativity, swearing, body shaming, etc…) Just keep them fun & cool and respectful as the way it is in recent months.
Sir please don't 😢
Good thing you didn’t quit YouTube.
This dudes censoring is like bullshit*
i never really watched this guy, didnt appeal to me. but i am glad he found this pure happiness again, and i appreciate it that he shares it. so people can understand what really matters. its really interesting to see personal growth. i wish him all the best with his wife, well deserved
as a fellow multi-millionaire, this is super relatable
I remember watching you when I was 12/13 and now I’m 21, I loved watching your gameplays, happy wheel ! The anime games and even talking to clever bot! I remember the first video I saw from you, it was taking with evie bot haha
Kinda crazy, been watching you since I was barely in high school and now I’m almost 23 married and about to buy my first house. Definitely a huge melancholic feeling, you made my childhood 100x better during hard times. Thank you Felix.
Glad you’re here Felix, and happy to continue checking in on your channel every so often. Thank you :)
Without yet watching can I guess money? I’ll report back later
It's crazy -- how long I've been watching you and throughout your whole career on YouTube you've always remained my favorite YouTuber. Since I started watching you when I was like 10 or 11 it is very comforting watching your videos and I would be so said if you quit YouTube. Obviously we all want you to do what makes you happy!
Please don’t ever think to leave YouTube and also miss the old pew die pie
I feel like Felix wants to retire. But not like an actual retire. More like uploading when he really feels something he did should be out there for the world to see. And I’m not upset at that.
My brother & I have been watching Pewdiepie ever since I was like 10 & now I’m 24. Its so crazy to see how far he’s come and it brings me joy seeing how he is still enjoying YouTube and posting whatever he wants not caring about what people think. I have always admired him & have taken his advice on not taking things so serious. Everyone can really learn from him. Thanks Pewdiepie for being you; a genuine, kind, honest person who I will forever love! So happy for you & Marzia and I will continue watching you until you stop.. if you ever! Xoxo
Been watching and following for like 10 years now❤❤❤
You didn't quit because you are built diffent
i really like retired pewdiepie
Thank u for not quitting
Your recent youtube videos are so relaxing! I honestly enjoyed seeing your growth as I’m growing up myself. Your happiness translates very well, keep doing what you love, we’ll be here to watch no matter what ❤
Why he didn't quit = he likes money
Those cans Pewd, those cans......wtf?
6:59 Never will change
bout time u retietred man. enjoy life and have fun we will always be rooting for ya as ur fans.
I watched my first predispose video as a freshman in high school in 2011. Now I’m 25 😢. It’s been a long journey with the bros
Working as a you tuber must be exhausting but I think it is still much better than working under an employer with rules that you have to follow or else they kick you out the door. Also you don’t have to work with co workers who make your life a living hell. 😂 At least as a YouTuber you can reap the benefits of your hardwork. As an employee of some institution, all my hardwork benefits my employer😂😂😂
There should be a Nobel Peace prize for this kind of shizz.
I love you and marzia you guys are the best ❤
“ in University”….college bro…..just say college.
one day when we are all gone, someone from the future is gonna hack old youtuber’s accounts and leak their private videos
Du är grym som vanligt! :)
Thanks to you for many years of laughter. Your awesome "bro fist"
Sub n like
8 years ago, I found your shadow of the colossus playthrough, and since then I always watch each of every video you made
Felix, I know you will never see this comment, but the last few weeks of videos have been amazing. I grew up watching you every day after i came home from school. I now am an adult working a real job and watching your vlogs recently have made me feel amazing. it’s so human and wholesome, do things at your own pace
You've reached such an unimaginable amount of success that you can probably retire and be comfortable for the rest of your life. Do what makes you happy, Pewds.
Please don’t quit
KEEP GOING!!!!!!
Your Audeze LCD-2 Rosewood are wrongly connected  - Red is right, black is left. Almost like Ken wearing his HD800s opposite.  Guess you both brother from another mother.
Beast master 64 was a good arch
Poods deleting vids is like him chopping off pieces of his retirement fund
im not subscribed :)
My partner and I bonded over being pewdiepie Stan’s when we met. We watch your videos together all the time. Sometimes we fall behind because we’re waiting to watch hem together. I’m glad you’re finally enjoying what you have worked so hard for! You deserve this life you built! Excited to watch your journey go further and further.
I was 10 when i met the channel, i'm 22 now and everything you said it's true. Some stuff should just stay in the past, everyone here watching has changed and so you changed too... It's time to just do whatever makes you feel happy, we know you and we stayed all those years because we like you.  And personally, if someday you just retire and decide to quit the internet, i wouldn't be bothered... Just thankful for making me happy for a long time.
Great Video.
Proud of you Pewds. If you're happy, we're happy.
Seems you have embraced the culture of Japan in part (not forcing growth per se)
Falcon Lover watches from above 💜
Ive felt this for a while, that Pewdiepie is like a TV channel which I used to watch regularly and with insane energy, but I just stopped watching, and whenever it is time for me to come back to it, its still a beautiful place to have fun. I feel the vibes being very centered here.... Idk why
I would like to share with you the first video I will share on my channel, I would be happy if you subscribe
I would like to share with you the first video I will share on my channel, I would be happy if you subscribe
I would like to share with you the first video I will share on my channel, I would be happy if you subscribe
And we still love to watch you. Your videos are always so great to watch after whole day of studies and work. Thanks and please keep uploading ❤️
Whatever Pewds decides to do, Im here for it
Man I've been enjoying your content on and off since 2013 and you've really gone a long way since then. I guess we all are. I hope that you keep doing videos as long as it makes you happy.   The thing that I have liked you about the most is that you always stayed down to earth.
I've been here since I was about 8 or 9. These videos have always been such a joy for me, really helped me when I was struggling the hardest. I miss the laughter I had back then watching the old horror game let's plays, all of the happy wheel videos, just it all. Now at almost 20, seeing the Japan videos bring me so much happiness. I know when I was younger, I probably would've gotten bored watching these videos, but now as an adult, it feels so nice seeing how happy you are :)
We all have to grow up sometime.
Bring back meme review
Felix moves to Japan. North Korea decides to shoot a missile at Japan cuz they missed out.
Can't even tell how many times I came back from school and started watching your vids I'm from Argentina and learned English pretty much just watching and hearing you, laughing all the way. Since I was 11 or 12, I'm now 23 holy shiet time goes by...I still come back every now and then to recall those times Thanks for everything man, always in my heart
I've been watching since like 2014. Time flies
Without the push for more and more subs and views he wouldn’t have the freedom he has now so I think the part about having 1k subs and being just as happy as with 100 mill doesn’t ring quite true. Imo it’s great that he had the drive to accomplish this so now as a more mature person he can make videos just for fun.  I personally never loved his gaming videos (given my age and gender lol, I was never in the target audience), I watched them sometimes to check how specific games looked like. I did like his home vlogs with Marzia and the dogs, and book reviews way more so I’m sure I’ll also enjoy their Japanese adventures.
.
bro are u for real? some shitty person is eating your energy. YOU CAME THIS FAR JUST TO LAY DOWN ??? This is the time to hit it harder. This was just the warming up for you  "now is time to enjoy life" ? wow, someone killed ma dude. Success is a great enemy
You seem like a good bloke and you have made me laugh o so many times, do what makes you happy!!! Your supporters will always be here for you
Ичо
I’ve watched you since you started and I still rewatch videos from you. You’ve helped me through so much of my life thank you Felix 🤍
thank you! Om baby I never thought a youtuber would mean so much to me!
We need to roast someone
<3
What kinda headphones 💀💀💀💀 they big as hell
Been here since i was 12v now im 21 :*)
Just do what u want dont get involved in drama u did more with YouTube than 99.999999% percent of people
Jesus loves u pewds repent today and accept him into ur heart and live for him he’s coming soon
He will always be the king of YouTube, even if he quits, he’ll always be the king.
been with you ever since 2011 loved you ever since and will remember you since then
Bye bye bye PewDiePie welcome to T series
Please can I have your subes if you retire 😁😁😁😁😁😁
I feel like this is a fitting end sorta. I’ve been watching you since the Happy Wheels day’s and even though I haven’t been fully caught up because of high school and everything, but now as a 20 year old adult high school graduate, I can say I’m happy for growing with you and was happy and down with any direction of content you take and sharing all the fun and happy moments even to this day. When the time you retire actually comes, I will never forget you, Felix 👊
Omg the brofist i was there 23432 years ago
LOVE YOU PEWDS 💖💖
dream is just better
I like that Felix still uploads sometimes while being retired, he really is a YouTube veteran after doing this for 12 years, props for that
Bro was and still is my childhood I was around 4 just watching this guy I’m 12 now which is now awesome to know this guy has 100m subs
Keep it up my man 👊
You can surf in japan? I miss surfing. 🌊😥
😭😭😭😭
I love these videos Felix! For me, I tolerated the gaming videos until you got to this point!!
All the best PDP!
You're my idol not because of how big your channel got, but because of how big of a person you've become and yet you still hold your principles close to your heart from back when you started.
Hey pew  its TMX I need to holler at you we talked a few times on when I start up a YT channel and you said if I needed to holler at you that if my mail got shut down to contact you here let me know you got this and best way to hollar at you man! Important to me.
It's crazy that through some of the worst moments of my life, when i hit rock bottom and believe that it is impossible to go any lower, your channel is always where i come back to. I cant thank you enough for that.
Wonderful!!! Most important thing about life is Doing You!!!
I understood two years ago when you literally said your going to "retire" and upload when you want :D how was this confusing for anyone.
I have been watching you since i was like 7-8 and now im 20
Those headphones are massive
dude, u know what keep it up!!! we love you and we'll always be there for you... we'll always be here supporting you!!! 🎉 lets fucking gooo!!!!!!!
I have been watching Pewds on and off since the happy wheels days, and what keeps me coming back is his connection to the audience and how he’s willing to grow as both a person and a creator
😊
Love you pewds
I wish you stay around, you are part of the life of so many people
No no no, don't quit!
🤣
ur the best do watever u want to do
To be honest I really didn't like the constant "stand on the line where you think about x" videos. It was somewhat good in that it got some to think about it but also it was just not that entertaining to me. Meme review got old because the memes got more repetitive. I liked a lot of the drama content but even it was just silly. When you were actually able to have fun with characters like Poppy that's the part that was the best. Others tearing you apart for your entertainment ruined the fun. I am glad you are enjoying life and get to see a slice of it even though it's far from your day-to-day. Keep doing what you do and what is fun. We will see it and enjoy the moment with you.
am so happy for you <3 <3 please enjoy your life to the best you can, you only have one and its yours to live for
The amount of wisdom out of experience is amazing. I started watching at Cry of Fear and boy time does fly by. So happy for you being at a place where you have a satisfied mind, and feel you can do things as you please.  BROFIST 👊
I being here like 10 years? Something like that I grow up with your videos for me it doesn't make sense to quit now you are in the best mentally stage of your life you are happy your videos are cool and full of good energy and healthy habits . I mean that's the best of felix we can get. It's exactly what you said you making because you love it and the True originals in this channel appreciate it a lot
OMG
pewdiepie you might get surpassed by mr beast
Enjoy Japan.
love pewds❤
All I gotta say is...  BIT*H LASAGNA!! 😎
Was it the millions i wonder ? ffs
Honestly, I have been watching pewds videos since I was 12.. I stopped watching his content when I hit 20. I just didn't get attached to his new content. But it doesn't mean that there isn't a spot in my heart where Pewdiepie will always be. When I went through school, I couldn't wait to get to a WIFI source to just watch his videos.  Think I'll be binging through his content again from now on, time has passed to quickly. Love you Pewds!
Dude just say you like the money
I love how honest and likeable he is.. like, i just have nothing but love and admeration for the guy and it does sadden me to some extent that some people dislike him for doing what he actually enjoys (living life)
I didnt know YouTube pays people for their videos.
good vid Pewds
We love you pewds. Whatever road this channel takes, we will support it 100%
Lmao caught in 4K listening to Nickelback
Personally I feel like it’s more of if you want to quit like it would be ok. Like I would be happpy knowing you had good career and if you are happy that’s all we as fans care about ya know?
Keep in mind that you owe us NOTHING. Were just here for you at this point. You have given everyone so much
love youu & marzia-chan
i love your headphones it's a whole vibe
Keep going let's see what is next for us always here for you BroFiest 👊
Most of us were just enjoying your meme review and pew news, you can't just cry about how you don't like doing the thing people actually watched you for and expect it to work. You're complaining about having worked so hard for it and then crying about it being like a job in the same phrase. It doesn't work like that, you're either the channel for fun or you aren't. We don't care about your vlogs, as seen in watch time and all other metrics, we care about something that is fun, and a multimillionaire crying about how memes aren't long lasting is not it. Of course they're not, they're fucking memes, and they're what brought you most of your subs along with minecraft videos
What the f*** happened with your face? It became so sexy.
i want to now see you changing/helping the WORLD!!!  it's funny/now i get it!...how Mr Beast promotes You!!!!  ya'll are pretty much #1/#2 on you tube!  instead of promoting himself!!...he promotes you!!! LEGEND MOVE!!  Yo Dog!...i want to see you start changing the world!!  i'm gonna give the world!!!!...a secret!!!!! ready!!!!...??? ........ idk............if your ready!?.......lol!  ok! i'll tell ya!....  having "kids" is THE BEST POSSIBLE HAPPINESS EVER IN LIFE!!!!!  there is nothing in life, that can make you love/smile/be happy...like your kids!!! you will absolutely live, breath, die!!...for your children!  THAT IS PURE LOVE!!!!
why japan!?...
ngl, it was thanks to Pewds that i got into memes. i mean i look at ksi's reddits vids as the new lwaiy ish.  same difference
Just when video quality got better... He quits.
Ma man! 😎
Pewdiepie is a prime example of the "good ending" of hitting it big on youtube. Honestly, Retiring from youtube being just cutting back and chilling instead of dissapearing off the platform, is such a baffingly obvious option, i cant believe i didnt see this coming.
A handsome day idol, greetings from Philippines 😁
Its crazy how i started watching your channel when i was a kid just barely could talk, and now im a 50 year old man with 5 kids. Time flies dude!
the brofist at the end brings back memories
you already made it. you can do whatever you want, people who care will watch
I'm 31 years old and started watching your videos in 2014 I guess. I love how this channel changes, because I feel that you are changing like I do. And that's awesome.
my very first comment on youtube was when i was 9, i commented on a fridays with pewdiepie and you were reading mean comments. I told you to "dround out the haters poods". that was almost 8 years ago. good days.
The fact that he said he felt stuck hit me deep I definitely felt that way after engineering school my town had nothing to offer. I made that choice to move over 3k miles away and it's everything I love it's like I was just being primed for it all then boom! Now I'm working on my house that's 3 weeks old to me from the hurricane lol dam life is wild 🙃
But what will you do with your life? Enjoying life is fine for a while, but the urge to do something for society/humanity always arises. So I wonder what will be your next job
genuinely think your content has just been getting better and better. I love the vibes of the chill vlogs and all that you do now. I think the people who still watch you now just like your personality and style of videos, whatever the video is about specifically so keep doing you!
Keep up the vlogs I love seeing japan. Definitely wanna take a trip there someday
Really love ya man. U made many peoples day with your videos.
This will be great for you Felix and great for the channel. The future sounds exciting and we’ll enjoy seeing it. Nice one and well done!
Don't quit. Evolve
I think it's incredible that Felix has 111m subscribers, he's one of the biggest Youtubers on the platform, spent years at the top of the mountain, but throughout it all has just made videos because he enjoys doing it. Lets all learn from Pewds, and aim for a job that we genuinely enjoy.
I remember watching u play penumbra❤️ , it’s strange how time passes
Started before cancel culture started. That's the biggest reason why the longevity has been able to happen.
I have been watching Pewds since his Amnesia days, from high school days, through my university days, now I am a business owner and music producer.   Damn, he changed alot but I still love his videos, especially his later vlogs.  Never quit Pewds, just enjoy and do content you love, no pressure 💛
ive on and off watched you for years, i had my moments where i didnt really watch your content but i had many more where you and mark and jack were my escape, any content you decide to upload is and always will be entertaining. keep doing what you love felix 🖤
i miss the old pewdiepie
You’re honestly getting the most out of it now. Without the pressure to be “relevant” or the pressure to pay down major debt now you can breathe and think. It’s bringing out your best work. I’m your age so I’ve been going through the same life changes, on a different scale and I’ve been watching your videos the whole time. It’s been a journey that I’ve enjoyed. Carve the path. I want to see where it goes.
Why didnt you
I love you pewds
Would you consider vlogging? Would love to see Japan!
Why move to Japan? Isn't it majorly over populated and isn't the government completely controlling and scary 😂 someone splain to me
The answer is money
I watched him as a lil kiddo and im now a working adult
Jag har subbat sen 2010 på det här kontot, jag hade ett annat konto innan, men det är sak samma, jag älskar att ha fått följa din utveckling, och jag har verkligen sett skillnad sedan du verkligen började göra det som du vill, det du vill, och det är så mycket bättre, för att du mår så mycket bättre! You do you dude! And we're gonna love it!
I haven't quit. Well, kind of, but you changed my mind.
Time flies. I started watching your Amnesia and penumbra gameplay videos in 2012, when i was 8 years old. 10 years have gone and i've gottan a job, and have just bought an apartment that i will move into in a year or so.  Your channel has been an essential part of the youtube experience for me, like so many others and i am very certain that everyone can agree on that you've earned it and deserve to do this for fun, enjoy japan and your family life and your new chapter in Japan. Thank you Felix for the years!
and- u could talk to me- my name is gary gillespie i have 35K kids- brofist?- im an abused political prisoner- rick roll?> since u went away i been hanging around i been wondering why i been down u went away- but u dont look like me so much but- u look like my nephew some- i have lots of kids- some of them dont look like me but the sub group all looks similar- i bet u never see this comment
Just quite
I HAVE PUT 1 WORD IN EVERY PEWS VIDEO, IF YOU DECODE IT  G
I've been watching Felix ever since I can remember myself watching Youtube, basically in Primary School and now I'm a University student. It feels like he's a friend that has always been there to make me laugh and lift up my spirits. I am very grateful that you've stayed for so long and it feels so good to say I still love your content even though it's changed. Haven't we all changed during this time span though? Of course we have. And this journey is so wholesome and nice. It's so refereshing to see him happier, successful, and always down to earth, which is something that has stayed the same. Love you Felix, I'm very happy you've managed to make your life one you enjoy <3
Been here since 100k. Your videos helped me get through some rough times. Thank you so much for everything ❤
This is like watching Andy go to college in Toy Story watching your favourite YouTuber grow up
I love the vlogs I want you to continue them
❤️
watching again his old videos just kinda inspiring, since he started from the bottom all the way up :)
please don't ever quit youtube 🙏🏻
Your videos are inspiring. Specifically your book reviews got me back into reading. Thanks.
i wanna know his other talents and hobbies
Fuck it another 20 years next goal 1 billion subscribers
lmao madness wouldve been cool for him to do diff erent personal videos over the years, beeen waitin for this change
It’s been a wild ride for sure, haven’t been with you for the past two years but I’ve been here for my entire youth.  You keep saying thank you. But I think you are too humble, we should thank you.  Thank you Felix ❤
quitting wouldve been the smarter move, this is a terrible website
money?
I am glad you are still around... you do you. The content is better when you are happy ❤️
You never fail to set the record straight, Felix. Looking forward to what you have to share going forward
When pewds comes to relaise it dosnt mater what he puts out there, we're all gonna watch anyway! its not what your doing, its the fact your doing it! been a great 10 years watching him 🥰🥰
It's the same feeling I felt while watching the friends finale allover again geez I'm gonna cry
The world is a better place with you uploading videos and making people happy
Honestly u can just live ur life and make vids when u have time
Hey Pewds, I´ve been looking at your vids on and off over all the years you did YT :) Not all content was my taste (especially all the vids aimed at gaining more followers), but I kept on coming back every now and then to see what you made and if I liked it ^^ I reeeeally loved the let's plays when you started out and I am in love with the Japan vlogs you do now<3 so right now I'm back again baby! Just do what you love Pewds, I think you're in a position that you can do just that. So do what you love and enjoy it! Rusty old followers like me won't quit on you so easily ;)
Make any type of content you want Pewds   I'm sure almost everyone will still enjoy anything you make, try not to stress about the quality or the content or even when to upload we will still enjoy it :)
You should play osrs
I'm glad you're staying even though I'm not much a fan.
thanks for not quitting, tbh I live through you living and if this channel ends i would be very sad
More power to you pewds!
Love you man
Exactly Felix be true to yourself  If you feel in your heart to keep going  Your fans are still loyal 😎
You we’re such a big part of my childhood man. Seeing you tick over to 3 million is something I can’t forget. Really man, you we’re such a bright light to my young eyes. Can’t believe how fast time has flown. Wishing you a lifetime of peace and happiness my brother.
He got the fame the money and the girl, i hope "The egg" video is true and next life i am him
PewDiePie is a successful YouTuber because he does the basics well.  He didn't niche down.  He has a variety content channel that's basically a vlog.  He creates the content he wants, not what the audience wants.  He uploads consistently.  He's a nice guy.  He doesn't try to be anyone but himself.  He has a real life and he documents his curiosity.
The tears are flowing boys
Im honestly so fucking happy youre still here
I feel like this is your spiritual awakening
hardest question to answer....when is enough enough?
Man, I know this feeling... It's not an easy task to be a youtuber!
Don't quit bro, you inspire me to keep going. One day I hope to meet you and grow in many ways like you have <3
he has very expensive headphones
111M+ Subscribers I wouldn't quit either you make an obscene amount of money for such boring and uninspired content
You're awesome!
I've been here since 100k, I'll be here till the END!
Pewdiepie’s character development is amazing, thank you for making my childhood memorable
I've been watching you since 2014, now I'm going to the second year of university. It's crazy how it all started and how It's all going. Keep it up
I’m happy you can do YouTube for fun 💗
Felix du är Youtube så du FÅR inte sluta så fortsätt göra videos som denna när du pratar eller vloggar bara. Vi har följt dig så länge så du får inte försvinna ur våra liv.
I mean clearly looking at your views, you're able to do whatever you want you don't have to upload at a crazy schedule you're still getting around 4 million views analytics say that you're making 62,000 a month just from your YouTube channel
i lov yuuuu
love u, keep growing 🫰🏼
please stop using those headphones next time.. why you need headphones when you talk with your subscribers?
Been here since T-Series sub battle
Love your vids pewds! Don't give up man I will continue to watch and support; just upload when you feel like it!
Seeing Felix being so much in control of his life makes it scary for me to watch his videos as my grind for freedom (financial and as a person) is still about to begin.
NeVeR st○p
Thanks for being you, been watching for years and years. Do whatever makes you feel happy, I've been loving your newest videos personally
Why I didnt quit= money
GOOD FOR YOU FÉLIX!! Enjoy your life now! you have been working hard for so long. Enjoy your married life with Márcia in Japan 🇯🇵 (side note: I actually enjoy your channel more now 😂)
Give me your channel Pewdiepie please 😩
I just like ur vlogs pewds. So glad u don’t go in for the drama anymore. God bless ya buddy. 🌷
dude you have 111M subs and you barely reach 2-3M x video. so we can assume 95M of the subs are bots?
bro been here 10 years , the way u grow and changing reflect the the same point of view i have , now at age 32 still enjoying the videos u do , the chilling life in japan is so touching , as i love it as well . i mean just do as usual , we always reach a place that should chill abit , choose the way the life u wanna go though , numbers money is endless just pick the right position u are happy with .
Looking happy pewds enjoy all the cool things Japan brings and eat a chocobanana during hatsumoude for me!
Make a video about Iran🇮🇷🖤
Dude you have 111 mil subs ofcourse you don’t care anymore if you grow your channel more or not
I was thinking recently I've watched you since 2015 , and it'd break my heart never seeing u upload again .
Lovely Guy 💭Well Done 💚🕊️💚🕊️
Wow, you grow up.. What a surprise 😀
Started watching 6th grade, now I'm a high school junior.
Been here since your Amnesia days. Even now, I still enjoy you and your content. Do what you want to do and don't stress too much! We love you Pewds!
Okay, but where's Beastmaster 64???
Seven years following this channel... I cannot imagine watching anything else than Pewds' videos.
Boing/Bump x4
FUN
So wholesome!
Pewds, you have been there for us since the beginning, you helped us grow, and you helped us get through everything. I was there when you uploaded "Spooky's house of jumpscares". Since then you helped me discover who I am. There was a point in my life when I was really down on myself and having $uicid0l thoughts. Yes, I did hurt myself, and every single day I regret it. But when I was having a horrible day, I would come to your channel, watch your videos, and everything would be okay. Just.. what I'm trying to say is, thank you, for everything. You are the most amazing human being this cruel world has given us. Go live your best life in Japan. Much love from Phx, Arizona!❤💗💖
i love u bro
This is beautiful
Does anyone know what headphones Felix has?
Would love to see another fitness update video!
I hope more channels go back to the "YOU" part of YouTube, instead of chasing the $$$ like YouTube wants you to. Also get rid of the spam ad comments. I keep deleting my comment and re-posting it just to deal with the spam.
Basically the last two years you have been QUIET QUITTING haha
i'm glad you didn't quit.
Pewdiepie escapes the matrix.
pewds has literally reached perfection. His channel is literally a playground where he can test anything he wants
Pewds : guys im just tryna be happy and upload more chill stuff  Me : *pewds stfu and give me happy wheels vids again* lol jp
Love you pewds <3 Thanks for everything
Crazy because I started watching when I was still 9-10 now I’m 21 with a wife and son
Ayo bro pls don't quit. I need your videos, especially the jubilee ones and the gaming ones. Your videos got me through so much that I don't think I would be as happy as I am right now, it's good to have a veteran YouTuber to watch. Pls don't quit. I started watching when you uploaded your Minecraft series and now I'm hooked. Don't stop making us happy.
Pewds is a youtube veteran and I’m a bro veteran
what a legend
I feel like at this point the best think Felix can do is what anyone with a positive influence should do. Push for good from time to time, stuff like contacting YouTube (as the biggest single human on the platform)about content moderation and making the guidelines favorable to content creators. Usher in a new age of the PLATFORM. be the business man
Do a book review sometimes, you got quite a collection back there.
I hope you'll become a dad pewds!!!
I'm just enjoying the ride! The fact that you still want to share things with us is enough for me! I feel like I really liked your channel through all the changes because of your personality and even though I definitely grew out of 2015 Pewds, I enjoy spending time with 2022 Pewds. Wether you decide to stop uploading tomorrow, in a year or in a decade, I will always respect your decision. I'm glad you're having fun with the channel and I'm glad you seem to be truly happy and content with your life and that's all I ever wished for you! 💜👊
Love you Felix thank you bro.
Lev inte för att jobba. Jobba för att leva
Been here since I was 10 and now I'm 20.  Love your content, and support your decisions
❤️
I think it’s amazing that you’re now able to live your life and actually enjoy it as well as still making videos that you want to make. It is absolutely commendable
everybody wants what they can't have.  you felt stuck with a career path you didnt want now you feel stuck when you got what you wanted.   you contradicting yourself bro.   just give me the money and start a new channel if you want fun..  you and i both will be having the times of our lives then, huh:?
Pew news was the absolute best
I usually don't read a lot of comments, but damn i had no idea people ASKED you to stop making videos?! I just want to say that i'm super happy that you're still here and doing your thing, even if it can take a lot out of you to "make others happy" sometimes. I've followed you since you've started (now 23years old) and as weird as it would feel not having you here, like you say, you can't always please everyone, it's impossible.   People can be so judgy and grumpy and i support you for doing what feels best for you, but i'm happy you're staying!
You are biggest gamer please speak please
Hii bro
go on joe rogan
I used to watch you all the time when i was a kid man. Enjoy your life thank you for entertaining me.
ssfmf
W
I'm happy for you, I've been subscribed to your channel since some time before amnesia I think, it's been so long so I don't remember exactly. I'm glad you're back to having fun and doing what you like, that's what got me to subscribe in the first place.
they way he felt when he started is so relateable lmao
when i was 12-14ish(22 now)  i dont remember. i really have fond memories of watching pewds religiously for a long time and i wanna say its really cool to grow up and see the way you've matured and the way i matured like idk I'm really glad i got to witness pewds channel grow and evolve. i genuielnly wish the best for pewds
Is that a one piece note book?
NEVER QUIT YOU'RE MY CONFORT YOUTUBER.
sick headphones bro. I'm glad ur still goin. Nice knowing ur still kickin.
Love you man
Make DotA 1 videos with me, and you will have fun i promise!
Don't quit man. We love you. 🙂🙂🙂
How heavy is that headset?!
you dont have to quit, you could upload every now and then a vedio you know like how u been
Get a big sound system at home, that is what you are missing. Something like a Audio Note level 5 system or top Wilson or Magico.
🤣🤣🤣
You're the best Pewdis
Watching your evolution through your channel really really helps me boost my wish of keep going trying new possibilities and more, thank you pewds for keeping this passion and hope on YT :)
Don’t quit, you could just make monthly updates/vlogs❤
Love to see you are making sure your happiness is first😊
i love you, man
I’ve been here since the amnesia days.  I loved your content then and I love your content now. Keep doing things your way at your own pace. Seeing you and Marzia so happy in Japan makes me happy as well. You’re an inspiration and we’re grateful for everything!
Next step  -onlymans-
Been with Felix since Friday with Pewdiepie I remember as a kid refreshing YouTube everyday and waiting for his videos. My childhood wasn’t the best, was severely bullied in school, but his video I can honestly say saved me from the dark thoughts.  I’m so happy he has found his way back and is grounded. You deserve it after 12 years. I’m 23 have my own place and I’m truly happy I’m still here to see this.
Keep going Pews! I've known your channel since 2012 when I was 20, and for me you're an example of perseverance and that life can be good if you fight for your dreams.
Hey you earned it. Went through ups and downs, weathered the storms of cancellation and etc. It's nice to watch the tiny slivers of life you share with us.  And your collaboration videos are fun too!
Just realizing I been watching pewds since i was 13 and I’m 21 rn
Hvae been watching since 2012, it just hit me that it has been 10 years of pewdiepie in my life. What a ride it has been, i've always enjoyed your content, keep doing what you love and enjoy life.
Been a bro since I was in 6th grade and it'll be my 3rd year in college next month. It was a fun journey and still a fun journey to be a bro! Thanks for the laughs and everything. I will stay even after the last brofist!
bro ur japan vlogs are the besttt....pls dont stop posting them
all I'm saying is do not quit! love your videos man!
I'm so happy you didn't quit and you're thriving! I love watching your videos and people change all the time. I'm glad you do whatever you want now and you look so happy. Keep up the good work!!!
He's stressing because Mr. Beast is about to surpass him. LOL
I love you both bunches. I'm so proud of you and marzia. I love to see the growth. 🖤
Idiot
Been watching since The Walking Dead Season 1… 100% sure you’ll never ever ever see this… But regardless, I wanna state that no matter what change your channel has ever gone through, you’ve always remained a extremely prominent inspiration to me in every way imaginable. No matter what you did, it’s always something for me to look forward to… Because it’s you. I remember waiting almost 9 hours in a line to meet you at the book tour you did when you came to NY. Those 40 seconds I got to talk to you were some of the most awe inspiring of my life, and I use those 40 seconds as everlasting fuel into powering my own dreams of making content, and I’m sure millions feel the same way. As long as you’re happy, we’re happy, and as long as you remain totally and perfectly yourself… That’s all we’ll ever need, because that’s all we care about… You. Here’s to more videos!
Pewds, everything from your screaming gameplays, slapstick humor, random videos to politics I've enjoyed. If you were to quit any day, our generation will remember you. You're an icon of when YouTube used to be good, still a good YouTuber today.
I never watched your channel until you moved to Japan.  You'll change, the audience will change with you.  Why not just have fun?
"he has fame, he has money, what else does he want?" umm, to enjoy life maybe? lol, making content is a lot of fun!
you do you. please pew youre our hero, just do what you like to do man. pleaseeee just please, let them down, they dont even care about your feeling, they care with what they want to see. why dont you make the same move?
I've been with you from the beginning and will be here till the end. I know I'm not just saying this for me but for a lot of people. We love you for who you are and we are always routeing for you!!!! You do you. I will always enjoy your content. It's your time to enjoy life.
i'd literally cry if you quit
Fuck the people who want to make pewds quit he will be a legend forever!
always supportive of you!!! keep doing you and uploading whatever you find fun! i love it all!! all the love 🥰
I've been enjoying your Japanese adventures so much!  Even videos at your own pace as you see fit with your adventures is super cool :D .
I'm so grateful for pewdiepie, and I'm so proud and happy for you 👊🏼 just do you broski ❤️❤️❤️
Been watching u since fourth grade now I’m a FRESHMAN it’s crazy dude
Keep grinding bro, success will come 😎✌
When times are rough, I re-watch pewds playing Last Of Us. I'm sad we won't get anything like that again, but dude changes. Just live your life :)
❤️
I may not be able to watch your videos as religiously as I used to in my late teens (life happened) but know that I'll still be subscribed to your channel and may occasionally watch videos like these once in a week (or month). Hope you understand. 💕
Those headphones are ridiculous
I enjoy all the content you upload tbh. Whatever you post is always entertaining to watch.
Cool but nice illumanti tatoo
I had a lot of great memories with you and still. Those roasts, 1 million dislike, I remember them all and that gives me laugh. Thank you for not giving up pewds.
Is this a life time? Thanks dude, looks great. Update again? ^_^
Even if you upload on youtube or not it doesnt matter. if youre hapoy in your life and doing what you love is what matters.
I relate to this video on some many extremely deep levels. It’s like seeing my inner thoughts externalized, almost exactly like how I imagine myself one day talking in the video.
Sub to Sid Roth.
*1 Corinthians 6:9-11*  *New Living Translation*  9 Don’t you realize that those who do wrong will not inherit the Kingdom of God? Don’t fool yourselves. Those who indulge in sexual sin, or who worship idols, or commit adultery, or are male prostitutes, or practice homosexuality, 10 or are thieves, or greedy people, or drunkards, or are abusive, or cheat people—none of these will inherit the Kingdom of God. 11 Some of you were once like that. But you were cleansed; you were made holy; you were made right with God by calling on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God.
DON'T YOU FUCKING DEAR QUIT NEVER LEAVE US
I'm 20 and I have been watching you since I've been 11 and I wish you the best. Whatever you need to do it.
Just take a break for 2 months at least
Love to see this maturity arc.
I’ve been watching everything you post on this channel since junior high school (12 years old) and now I’m 23 ! I literally grew up watching you and if you ever decide to quit I’ll miss you and your videos so much but I know that you can’t keep doing the same thing forever. Whatever you decide to do make sure it’s something that makes you happy and gives you excitement 🤍
Luv u a lot pewds you made my childhood great. I always watched you playing happy wheels and amnesia on our  hp laptop that barley ran games when I was like 10 and I’d go and play the same games you played after I watched your videos lol
Eliminate constipation my guy
Thank u❤
thank you for staying here. you have been making me happy constantly for the longest time now, almost ten years since I discovered you. thank you.
We'd support you if you wanted to quit but we also are happy when you decide not to quit(: your videos make my day but I think all your fans would agree we just want you to be happy, thank you for always making us smile on the hardest days! <3
Lmao them headphones are huge
Wait HOW OLD IS THIS DUDE?
Love your videos😊
Thank you for being genuine, that is rare and refreshing.
Retire when Jimmy surpases you Felix.
Pewds would never quit
You being you and doing what you enjoy is why I watch. We're just along for the ride wherever you go. Now that it's you and Marzia  it's a new adventure times 2. Plus, I like seeing Edgar and Maya, too.
No matter what, you and your creations and Legacy will carry on for a VERY long time. You are a LEGEND
been here since elementary and the old scared oewdiepie compalations bro np
I grew up watching you and now that i have less and time and whenever i see an upload it is like a treat . I’ll be here watching Felix. Brofist 👊
Wait a minute who are you 🤔
what headphones are those?
I've been here since Happy wheels 1 🐝
I just wanna say, I never want you to quit YT pewds. any content from you is always entertaining whether it be gaming, reviewing, or vlogs. been watching your videos for about 10 years now I think and I'd watch your vids for 10 more if you're still in love with YT by then. I love how you're still doing this not because of the money or the fame anymore, but because it's your passion. You might not know this but I think you've actually inspired a lot of people to find that one thing that they're into and fall in love with it all the way. keep being pure pewds. keep entertaining us. **Sending love from the Philippines**
its so refreshing seeing pewds like this, LETSGOO
keep doing you pewds. We love you!
To be honest Pewds, I really enjoy your life vlogs, it's good fun to watch you and Marzia doing all these different things and having happy times together!
Personally I can say that I will be in the Bro Army forever, until the end of my time 😂 To a lot more years and decades together! 🎉🎉
I watch because of you pewds not the game. I like seeing ur new experiences and ur videos just in general. Gives me a comfortable feeling of home  Love seeing a vid from poods, I click it instantly all the time <33
I'm proud of you Felix! Brofist! 🤜🏽
I've always loved your content, ill be sad if you completely quit YT, at the very least continue with a monthly video. So many of us just enjoy your voice, your smile, your laugh and above all, your humor and content. Even if we don't get to see a new video every day or week, being able to stay current with you has been a big part of so many of our lives for over a decade...and if you do decide to completely quit eventually, I hope you and Marzia have a wonderful life, I hope the blessing continue to pour into your life.
man i started watching your videos at age 6 or 7 and next year i'll be going to university. im so proud of u and glad that you keep doing stuff that makes you happy and enjoy life the most. all the "deeper" videos are so fun, i actually got interested in philosophy and other literature because of your book reviews and now am creating a short story of my own-  thank you for all the videos you've done over these past 12 years
Thank you for standing up to yourself and doing things that YOU enjoy and then sharing that and your experience of it. Everything is just a cool vibe now with your channel and what you do and we get to parttake in it from time to time. ^^ <3
Like many others, i've been watching you for the past 9/10 years and i think we all have grown old by now, most of us were 16/17/18/19/20 when we heard of you and started watching, now we on our 30's or near 30's and we all have our own paths, lives, kids, dogs, cats, jobs, dreams. And i think we grew with you along the way and we learned to appreciate your videos and your experiences and your connectivity with us for the past 10/12 years. You opened up the path for millions of people to do youtube as a career and u inspired us to follow dreams and work hard. Thank you and we''ll keep seeing you im sure :D
Simple. Felix understand what contentment means. Not obsessive success and cancerous growth. He isn't braggadocios
You did quit, from it being a job. You're off the YouTube grind and back to your original purpose of uploading videos for fun. And of course, most of the 9-year-olds (now probably in their 20s) are behind you for that reason.
Him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God, and he shall go no more out: and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is new Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God: and I will write upon him my new name. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.   (Revelation 3:12-13)
Do not quit Please 😢❤
We'll always support you pewds, we love you because of you and not your content itself, you're such a likeable person and whatever you choose to do your hard-core fans will always be there.
Please never fully quit we would like to here from you ever once in a while if you di choose to quit
The bro fist at the end hit me like a tonne of bricks and threw me way back to 2011
“Wealth, Fame, Power. The man who had acquired everything in this world, the Youtube King, PewDiePie"
Don't quit
I am sad  now.
Will you ever finish small horse tho?
"that's deep and I'm 13". anyways you keep going pewds you helped me through a lot with your videos. you have definitely been a big impact in my life in a good way lol.
deep video, very introspective in its own way
Oo
Ol
O
LETS MAKE THIS THE MOST LIKED COMMUNITY POST ON YT! IM TESTING DIFFERENT POPULAR CHANNELS! LIKE IT UPPPPP I REPEAT LIKE IT UPPPP   !BEAT THE OTHERS IN THIS LIKE WARRR!
LETS MAKE THIS THE MOST LIKED COMMUNITY POST ON YT! IM TESTING DIFFERENT POPULAR CHANNELS! LIKE IT UPPPPP I REPEAT LIKE IT UPPPP   !BEAT THE OTHERS IN THIS LIKE WARRR!
LETS MAKE THIS THE MOST LIKED COMMUNITY POST ON YT! IM TESTING DIFFERENT POPULAR CHANNELS! LIKE IT UPPPPP I REPEAT LIKE IT UPPPP   !BEAT THE OTHERS IN THIS LIKE WARRR!
Bro I was about to tear up in the first minute, but i couldn't stop seeing them big ass headphones
I'm sure if most of us were in your shoes we'd also just focus on getting enjoyable experiences in life instead of hustling. Nothing wrong with that.
My first pewds video was watching the first last of us game's walkthrough and I've seen him go on this journey of so many different kinds of videos and I am truly proud and impressed by where he is now. If I'm being honest, i was one of those people that used to feel like damn where are those videos that he once used to do, he needs to bring them back. But as time has passed and I've grown too, I've come to understand that like anybody else he is a human being who longs for new and different experiences and he should be able to do what he wants without carrying a baggage of expectations all the time. I watch a lot of people other than felix now, but in my heart he will always be number one ❤️
so happy to see felix being happy with what he's doing/uploading :D
This is my first video I've seen from you and its a good one man. All of use creators can relate. be blessed bro!!
You have to impregnate Marzia
We love u pewds! Happy to see u happy too :3 have fun in japannn
I didn't watch you for awhile and came back here now. It's very refreshing and unifying from all the YouTube videos of drama and politics.
Eu.. comia menino quando eu era calango 😔 A gente saía correndo atrás dos menininhos, pegava o menininho e comia com ovo.  Eu sou analfabeto, minha professora era analfabeta, meu papagaio 🦜 era mudo 🤐 😭 Quando eu via uma moto eu falava assim: é uma moto, e saía correndo atrás da moto, e quando a moto caía a gente pegava a moto pra comer😔 A gente não tinha o que comer, a gente não tinha o que comer, a gente comia moto 🏍️  Quando achava um motoqueiro caído a gente comia ele também… 😢
I'm a new subscriber, love your videos, and love Japan, so keep doing what you love and at your own pace.
*sad*
Since you've gotten to Japan I've been glad to see you doing you. Despite having that big number under your profile I feel that you manage to prioritize enjoying other things and that's great for you.
filthy frank and pewdiepie is the same.joji found his way and pewd's found his way.  kind a miss there old times.but i am really glad to see they both doing well
Its good that he did it for fun and not for money
We love you Pewdie, bros for life. I’ve been watching you for 12 years, I never stopped because I genuinely think you’re great. I like the way you think etc. You make what you want I won’t be going anywhere. 👊👊👊
❤
What a load of crap. Shut up Felix. Just say u miss the money and clout. There's no shame in just being honest
You are the best Pew die pie
That is exactly what I like about this channel, the content continuously changes together with Felix’ life. That is also the reason why in the past 10 years I de-subscribed and resubscribed multiple times.
Well you might let people down without drama and everything, but this kind of pewds personally is my most favourite. Casually talking with two feet on the ground! Enjoy Japan!
plz do not quit
I think you had to go up more Subscribers MrBeast Already have 100 million subscribers
I was loving the japan vlogs. One of the most recent ones that I saw legit brought me to tears. It was so nice to see you two so happy and it really gave me hope that one day I can go and at least visit japan with someone I care about. The fireworks where amazing. Brofist!
Pewdiepie you were my favourite youtuber to watch throughout my child hood. You really have changed my life. Your face will forever be burned into my mind. In 10 years on my 9 to 5 job i will probably be thinking about these years. And i want to thank you. And im also gonna teach my future kids to watch your videos too. So dont delete them pls. But even if you retire you will always be remembered by ppl like me. Thank you
Er hat YouTube durchgespielt.
I always love watching your videos, your a awesome youtuber and a awesome person and personally I hope you always post videos. :)
Hello
I've been with you since amnesia the dark decent since the age of 4, now that I'm in the age of 16, I don't plan on stopping to support you
Its just going to be a weird era of youtube.. a new generation without pewdiepie, ill always make my kids watch old pewd vids
I’ve always found comfort in his videos. I remember watching when he first started the Minecraft videos and actually falling asleep to them. Now, I was a little piece of peace. It’s really wholesome and comforting. :)
The day you quit I will not know what to do. So glad you're still here
I love your videos all of them please don’t quit…do the videos you want your just a funny and caring person and very entertaining no matter what your videos are about!
The documentary I didn’t know I needed. Love you Pewds, no matter where life takes you✨
I really enjoy your life Videos in Japan with your wonderful wife and adorable Puggies. Because I can tell that you are having a great time and enjoying your self for once.
bONG
I’ve been watching you since I was 10, I’m 18 now. I’ve grown up with your content, I got to meet you at your book tour too when I was 11 lol. I want to thank you for all the years of fun, you’ve given me memories that have stuck with me as I’ve grown. Whatever you decide to do, we’ll support it. Always strive to make the content that makes YOU feel happy and fulfilled. That being said, I’m certainly glad you’re still here. Thanks, Felix. Brofist 👊 <3
Always with u bro . 👊🏼
Im 20 now and ive been watching u since the beginning. Im feeling stuck and im trying to find my way
You are one of the reasons I enjoy my life. I've been watching since I was little and now I'm almost 20 lol
Love this guy
man i've been watching since fear 3 back in 2011. You deserve to focus on your life and enjoy things without having to worry about videos. its your time to shine without millions of people watching.
You should do more philosophy videos!
Whenever ya doubt anything just remember what ya did for ur top a ta mornin guy 👍
Nah I wouldn’t quit if I were you , play some future Happy wheels if ya catch my drift . Also Halloween is coming soon how can ya make the most out of it ? And eh don’t mean ya need the camera for it , u understand. You’ve earned the respect and you’ve gotten the results . Eat a cheesecake on camera it doesn’t matter 😂
Cuz u sukk.
Please dont quit❤
this video made me so happy - i love seeing him reflect and grow
Pewds did you see the “High speed” Parade in Japan I just saw it in Reddit how cool
We are along for the ride. When you retire you still work just not or day job. I like the new changes in the channel. It’s sad to see The OGs like you pass the torch on but it is inevitable. The lates vlog was fire.
Nice to see pewds ditching Razer for some good headphones, but holy smokes, that's Audeze LCD-2, not cheap.
Brofist 🥹❤
You retired from it being your job and made it a hobby again, which is amazing!
Honestly, you should be so proud of yourself pewds. I'm glad you're enjoying life in the moment.
Thanks Felix
I actually like the Pewds content of the past 2 years the most, laughing with Ken and Felix has really made the COVID lockdowns more bearable
❤❤❤❤❤
🤜🏼🤛🏼 bro Fist
5:03 Then he got into hot weels....😂
I vastly prefer this version of Pewdiepie. Im 30, and most youtubers pander to a younger audience, so its nice to come to this channel for content that has a mote grown up vibe to it. So, imo, just keep doing what youre doing. Youve already made it, bro. This is the time to enjoy the fruits of your labor. Youve earned it
nice job bud spittin' bars
As I age, my taste in certain content changes. I went from watching let’s plays 10 years ago, to watching Vtubers and Japan Vlogs/ podcasts. We all change and our tastes change and it’s ok for these things to naturally happen. Can’t wait to see whats in store for us 10 years from now.
Honestly his story gives me the same vibe as logics retirement. They both kinda went back to how they did their craft before they blew up and now they just do it for fun and not cuz of pressure
111M subscriber and not even 5M views...
Honestly mate you are a successful man both rich and famous but their comes a time were making a decision that includes walking away from fame is very important because you are ending your legacy that reaches out to so many people.  Make it count and make your decision mean something more for you than us because while some of us will be sad most of us will be happy for you and you get to live your life with your wife and yours kids one day and maybe they can carry on your legacy while you can sit back.  All good things come to an end so I wish you all the best no matter what decision you make.  I make edits for my mates and sometimes question what will I do when I stop, I'll take a break and have a relationship then make a final series of edits then focus more on my friends, family and love life aswell as a career.
How about we get the reading club back? It might be for a little niche public, but the ones we watched it and participated on it really love and miss it. Love u man
Felix, I wanted to tell you, from me to you, that I’m glad of your success and triumph. I am glad to have seen your ups and downs throughout the year and your wisdom & foresight has been something funny and fun for me. I’m so glad to have been with you (even if it’s not physical)—In all, the best way to sum up all my feelings is “thanks for being a bro and allowing me to be a bro to you as well”
Thank you so much for the years of happiness you brought to so many people. You've gotten me through a ton of tough times so thank you. I'm really happy that you finally get to be happy.
We love you poods for ever
4:39 pewdiepie gol D roger confirmed
Pewds don't quit YouTube.... go back to not giving a shit about MSM opinion.... start talking about those Dangerous Topics..... bring back Sub 2 Pewdiepie meme.
Please support my channel Danu tutorial, thank's...
$dannyboy0495 send me some love jabronies <3
Because we love you bro
I've been watching you since almost a decade, and I could say with a peace of mind that I've grown with you. Not just physically and by age, but also as an individual with changing personalities, sense of humor, opinions, etc. I have tremendous respect for you for always being so humble, honest,  sincere, and funny in spite of what is generally thought about you and all the controversies, and I consider myself lucky for knowing you enough to decide myself what kind of a person you actually are, and being by your side thru this journey. I know that it won't mean that much to you coming from a complete stranger but I just wanted to say that I'm so proud of you, I love that you're living the life like you want, and I'm so happy for both of you. I just wish that more people could see you as the person you actually are. That's why I love this most recent era of the channel, because vast majority of bros, almost all, that are still sticking with you are people like me. Keep being yourself, keep enjoying the life.
Nice headphones, how much?
pewds i lovw you bro you are the best. dont want you to leave youtube man ur my childhood.....but if you want to quit pls do it the bros wont force
Such honestly at that level is truly something to learn from. You will always be the real King of YouTube Mr. Felix 👑
thank u pewds needed this vid today
what a quitter attitude!
Watched you for 10 years now can’t believe it. I first heard about you in my science class then went home to watch and couldn’t stop laughing!
You do you my boy. I've stopped watching your channel for a while but now I'm back and it's been a really good experience seeing you guys go through your life there. Wish you guys the best.
I love the slower pace uploads, they feel more chilled, it’s good to see you well rested and loving life in your videos. I can’t ask for anything more.
I like how things ended up okay. Especially since he didn't quit. But for God sake WHAT HEADPHONES ARE THOSE, THEY LOOK SOOOOOO NICE 😭
radal: Watdefok
this is what people with money/ millionaire would say lmao
because you are not a quitter :O
Love you felix, just make best possible life for yourself. have fun and take care
You keep doing you Felix😊👍 been here since 2012 on and off depending on your content, the stages of my own life and what om into att that time.. sometimes i enjoy your videos sometimes i dont and thats ok. I really appreciate you being true to what you enjoy doing though, it shines through👍
Book Reviews!
You used to be so good
It’s been a while since I’ve watched one of your videos Felix but I thought why hadn’t I seen any of yours on my recommended so I searched you out. I will stay subscribed to you even if I don’t watch much anymore.   You entertained me throughout so many years! Your videos helped me on my down days and helped my stay happy on others. Do what makes you happy. Your Bros will understand and stand by your decisions.   BROFIST 👊
Pewds content has peaked in how much i enjoy it after he "quit" and not its even better after japan
i watched all your gaming videos when i had my Alevel exam in 2012 😂😂😂
Pewds will never die💪💪 (I mean retire but die sounds better)
When you like doing your thing, you cant just leave it. Content Ideas will always appear in your head
I am glad you didn't quit. Seeing how much you've grown and being a part of this whole journey with you all these years have been worth it
We started watching for the games & jokes, we're staying around because we're interested in the journey. It's all good!
from way back in the day. Where Minecraft was Popular -Boom headshot, etc. xD Anisia was it xD. and i got to say. its a Fun run. whould run again xD. Good luck, and enjoy life... Whatever imma head out now...
If youre doing it cause you like it why do you censor yourself...
Thank you pewdiepie fot everything you deserve your dream your dream wife,and your dream life in Japan.We all love you and wish you the best in life. ❤
I won’t lie, I love and miss the videos of you playing horror games, but I love more to see you happy and living the best life for you 🫶🏻 wuuuu congratulations Felix it’s been a long journey but you made it 🎉
Cool man. good stuff. do ur thing
THE WORLD NEEDS PEWDIEPIE'S JAPAN ADVENTURES!
What are his headphones
5 years later im still punching the shit out of my screen, even tho i’m not still around watching your videos(sorry) i really appreciate the years that you gave me when i was younger. Thank you pewds❤
I love you bro! You have no idea how much of an impact you had on me. I've been watching you since I was a kid.
can you feel the sunshine, does it birghten up your day, look out for the good times smthn smthn run awaaaay
Yes hes had controversies and what not, but hes worked hard for such a long time i think its time for him to be able to relax and enjoy his life after giving us years of content and got a lot of people through bad times through the ups and downs and for that i say thank you but people can’t get mad over this its his own life and hes gonna do what he wants at the end of the day so good for you felix and thank you the least we can all do is respect whatever decisions you make from here on out
We in the NG+ of PewDiePie rn, like maybe there won't be anything crazy and unexpected anymore but it'll still be chill, fun vibes
DON'T  QUIT  !!!!!!!  BROFIRST  !!!!!!!! MASTER !!!
pewdiepie💖
We appreciate you still being here💕
why people love pewd!3pie? the facts
it's crazy to think that he was thinking about quitting 2 years ago but that was the time period when he made my life so much better whenever i was going through some personal family issues but I'm so grateful that he stayed, or maybe I wouldn't have been here today (i know that sounds a lil cheesy but it's true), but thank you pewds, love u man 👊
to be honest the crazy thing is for how long he was on top of youtube (and don't get me wrong his channel is still huge) he never once really became like every other youtuber, always humble and never really chased clout, honestly its impressive. I saw a lot of other comments saying how grounded and real he is and idk to me its just crazy how true it actually is.
I personally like the current content, helps me like out my weeb dream of Japan without having to actually go there. Although there is some content which i don't enjoy, for example the philosophy stuff or the scamvpn ads, i still like to watch the videos. Been watching for over 10 years, will probably continue watching till you stop making videos, no matter the content
You look so fine omg
Tbh current pewds has been my favorite era of the Chanel, I like how it feels authentic and not fake. I love the stuff him and Ken react to and think he’s really evolved into the best version of himself. Keep making great videos 👌🏻
No matter how many changes your channel or you content goes through, i'll always follow you because it's you having fun, and sharing your experiences with us without that stress Youtube usually give, it's some fresh air i missed since the old days, i'm happy to have met you Felix, for how much we all matured together and stayed together, we'll always end our passion with a Brofist Thank you for making us smile for decades Pewds ^^
I couldn't care less what you do. You got lucky by getting rich for screaming at video games. Congrats. Was never a fan, you're just a random dude out there. You'll do whatever you do. Enjoy the dream and wait for the rude awakening.
No matter what happens, you will always be the king of Youtube
As far as the “shallow” content goes, I completely relate. Obviously other people can watch and create whatever they want. I’ve just found myself no longer interested in the drama or gossip type videos anymore. I feel like they added a lot of extra negativity to my life for no reason.
I’m not sure what year it was but I know it’s so so do you back maybe like it’s 2011 maybe the end of 2010? But I didn’t get into watching him two 2012 when you were playing those hard games and your English got better in 2015. I stop watching you for a bit but I never unsubscribe because I still like your contact. I enjoy your videos, and I hope you never stop and then another day if you ever do just know you always gonna have a special place in our hearts and I really enjoy yourself and just keep doing what you enjoy. I want makes you happy and memory are amazing.
Great video, those ear bongos tho
After not watching for a while I’ve come back to watch you again, so glad to see you’re still thriving! Keep being awesome felix! Much love from America
dont quit plss!
Fair play Felix, keep doing you.
I'll keep watching no matter what changes
We still enjoy you sharing with us, so don't stop!
Nah bro don't leave please
Pls stay making videos🤍🤍
<3
pewdiepie makes me so happy :)
He grew into it, I guess that's when you can't really quit anymore :D
been here since 5th grade, now i'm about to be a freshman in college in less than two weeks... :) thank you for making my childhood and teenage years more bearable, fun and colourful, pewds. let's see where life will take us from now on. i love you so much, always.
more like subbot look waht I am saying is earn money in a legal and fair way cause that way is fair and of course you don't wan't to be scammed so stop subboting
You should just replay every game you’ve played 😂
Honesty I think you should just restart Minecraft again 😂
LOVE the headphones
Really appreciate your work, keep at it at your own pace. The Japan vlogs are such a bliss to watch, I hope I get to visit it one day too! :)
I freaking love when Pewds gives a brofist to the camera. I am a 23 y.o. and a simple brofist to the screen makes me happier that ever.
Don’t quit Felix, we love your content
That lil brofist at the end made me tear up🥹
Do whatever makes you happy.
You will be missed felix
jflfo
pdododkfjf
fmcnncnckforowowiuwhsbsbbxbcbcjcjfdrororirieieishbdbd
oeoeijejfjjfjcjxjxjxjxjks
fkkffkkflroritiroel
!"()$028383737377475959595
cnncksosiwjwjjakakanznznxpworiieiwowkjdnd
ncnckfkofprroueuekslnxncbcbcbkflspwieiiejdbcbc
ncnckfppeisbsbzbxb. sbsjskwow ok r
dnndndkkcpdpoririejjwjwjwnxnbcbc
vjkkrofoodoejsbxbxncnmx
soodododkdndnndndnndnjsjdhjdbdnjdncbbc
Love you pewds, I was a big fan between your 10 millions subscribers to 50 millions , then I just kinda stopped watching your channel but you're always gonna have a special place in my heart! It feels like I'm an old friend rewatching your videos haha - I'm still really proud and happy for you!  I grew up with you!
nsjskskoeeoieuwuwhbxbxnxkckfk
cause money,the end
prorofkncncnnxnxnxncncnc.      cnncjsks
qwpowoeoeiiririrjtjtjjfjfncjdkks
dldldporiwijwnnxnxbcbcjkske
flfnxnjdodleoriiriririir
oriidjfkckmcnxnieoeoririitjtnnf
orirksksmmxmcnncb n n
ndkdkdmdnncndkkdld
nxjdkdldkjdjdnd
jdjdnnfjfk
Idk what to write, so imma just leave this here. 👊 Cuz you got ballz. Dragon.. z.. ballz.
I am happy you are still around. You are one of the very few genuine people in youtube.
Wise boy indeed.
Thank you pewdie! If you ever read this, I appreciate what you do so much and I just want to say thank you & hope you can stay a little longer because I'm growing and enjoying the path too =). Thank you very much, god bless you man!🤲✨
10 years ago I was just a kid in elementary school watching pewdiepie scream his lungs out to horror games A few years later he was still going strong, playing games and yelling And I remember one day I was watching a happy wheels video and for some reason a thought came in to my  head: "surely he can't do this forever, he's gonna have to quit one day.."  And now that it has (sort of) happened, I'm glad it turned out like this I love the fact that you came back to your roots of just doing what makes you happy, I think it's the best outcome I could think of
seeing you play call of duty without facecam would be kinda funny
Sport me please guys 🥺🥺🥺 subscribe 🙏 please
loveyouuu
nooo
I don't watch your videos as frequently as I used to, but I've been here for 10 years and I need you here, bro
Felix ! I really appreciate your genuine words ! You're such a kind and inspiring person ✨ And eventhough i don't know you personally, i feel like you & Marzia are dear friends of mine just by watching your beautiful vlogs ❤️ we really love you and appreciate you guys , keep living your life the way YOU want to , i'm so glad you're still doing youtube and having fun again , we'll always be here to enjoy what you decide to share with us  =)
Hey pewds..I 💕 the Japan vlogs ..nice and chill..not saying that I didnt like birdabao 🤣
TL; DR. BECAUSE OF THE PAYCHEQUES
Bro's the Gol.D.Roger of youtude. He has wealth, fame, power.
Felix seems to be becoming Buddha in blue jeans 😘😂🤩🥳
i dont agree
naah bro hustle is the name of the game
Seeing you grow and change thru these little windows into your life is really quite a joy. Been watching on and off since 2011. I know we don't actually "know" each other but I can't help but be encouraged by your growth Felix. Money and fame is all fleeting. Find what's truly ever-lasting and be like the wiseman, who builds his house on the solid rock. Keep growing man 👊🏼
I love videos like this ... soo encouraging ... money is superficial.. doing something you love because you love it ... is fulfilment
Keep doing what's best for you, dude.
Asmongold exposure made me sub again lol, I thought he rly quit :V
pewDiepie the pie
please dont quit
an evil person will not go unpunished. you swear too much in the past so now everyone is coming back to your clips to swear to you... in a more polite way, like, "Keep up the good work" "we love you" "you so lit", etc.
Why i didnt quit- i can post videos about nothing now nd still make momey from my huge following
you're doing great man!
We want vloggggggg
Being retired from staying on top pushing more new content dosnt mean that you as just being Felix wanting to share about how your life is going IF YOU feel like it, the part of being retired just means that the hassle of hours making videos falls away and you can freely do whatever pleases you, you see retired actors or singers doing stuff after retirement aswell, agian if they feel like it, so Felix do what is right for you and upload whatever you feel like and enjoy your life with your wife! That’s all that matters, i’m 100% sure everyone of your fans will like anything you post rather it being a fun game you just wanted to share 1 time or an update about how your life is going, keep it up! Agian don’t forget always enjoy life!
Don’t quit. My 7 year old son watches your vid then, he is 12 now. now I am watching your relaxing vids now in Japan. Thank you for staying.
love you pewd never change we love you the way you are
Like all  great things in life, they need to end.
You should teach the bros mtg with areas?
“I have this bigger thing I filmed” Us finally getting scare pewdiepie 2
Postdiepie ! life after yt
We're aging too Felix, I'm glad you're not trying to hold on to the past!
E
Ultimately youtube would never have survived without you. Thankfully you stuck with it... Mainstream media attacked you, online media attacked you. You, Casey Neistat, and Mr. Beast are youtube. It is proof positive that alphabet is overly greedy.
💗
Love you homie
This makes me so happy to watch. The fact that you're doing it out of genuine enjoyment and you're not going to stop is the best news. It must feel super freeing for you
love you no matter what
Like Felix, probably a lot of us who’ve watched his vids over the years have grown and matured. Heck, I’m almost 35 and I began watching pewds when I was in my early 20’s. A lot has changed since those times, but they’ve been good! Keep it up, Felix! We are happy that you are content :)
I enjoy this channel immensely now. Candidly, I didn't like it in the earlier years. Keep it up.
We love you pewds, thank you for your content. I grew up watching you and I love your growth and the growth of the people who have followed you for years. We grew together :)
I've been watching your video since 13 yro. Frankly, I'm not a constant supporter that watches every videos you make or leaving messages, because I got my own things to do, life to live.  But one thing for certain is that I will be really really sad if you quit. it would be like, having a dear friend or relative dead that kind of feelings. Although I don't nessarily follow you every day but it's comforting knowing that you will still be there. Of course if you want to quit that is totally okay and i will support you. But just want you to know, I'm thankful you are still here, you are important to me, although you don't know me haha.  loves from Taiwan🤍
I’ve watched this guy since I was 12, and I am now 22. Don’t watch him frequently anymore, but wow how time goes by.
Much love always Felix <3 please know that we've always been so ridiculously proud of you, and seeing you as happy as you are in your life is one of the best and most wholesome things, and we've all always wanted that for you. Regardless of whatever changes your channel has and will go through, we will ALWAYS support you! You've been a huge inspiration to everyone for all of these years. We wish you and Mariza ( and of course Edgar and Maya ) the best always! Stay safe and healthy!
¿Why do you hit the mic?
Been with you since the start, brofist!
Big love pewds ❤
Been watching this man since elementary school, now I am a sophomore in college like it’s expected to change over such a long ass time. I am definitely not the same person I was in elementary school 😂
Well we all know that if the new resident evil comes out... Pewds will play it... Crossing fingers 😬
Felix you realise how stupid those headphones look? I know you dont give a f about my comment or opinion, but seriously… just look at it🤦
Live your life man we love you. Been around since the happy wheel days and if your interested in new stuff. Please go for it
Japan travel vlogs. Edit: 🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫
i wish PewDiePie would get more back into playing games, maybe he can just play games he wants to play and not worry about what people want him to play.
Just finished watching Birdabo, so I decided to rewatch this to cheer me back up. It worked.
beautiful reflection, keep doing your thing, you're doing amazing <3
Those headphones, we payed for them :D
i love you black man
"some things never change" made me smile
Felix I'd be fine with whatever choice you make so long as you don't delete the channel, there's a  lotta stuff I still haven't watched yet on your channel.
<3
i’m genuinely so happy for him and what he’s done for himself. he’s made it to where he wants to be and he’s happy and comfortable doing his own thing. it’s nice to see how happy he’s been :)
Never go away filix, even if you do it once a month * cries *
Do a green screen competition like the good ol days
Respect for the one piece notepad that's on your desk ! I get it Felix, you feel the need to please everyone but that shouldn't be the case. You said it yourself, doing YouTube is YOUR dream. Not OUR dream. At the end of the day, we're just happy that you get to be happy doing whatever you want with your channel.
Watching this makes me realize to not overstress on the small stuff in life (like I did before when I first started watching you).
The way he says it all feels like distractions in a negative way kinda hurts. That's kind of the whole point of Youtube for the audience he has had these past 10 years. But I get it, he's older now and he's basically saying we also need to grow up and stop using him as a distraction. And fair enough, he can choose his own destiny and doesn't owe anyone anything.
PewDiePie, man. I'm glad you're still here, still posting. Your videos always bring a smile to my face.
I don’t think any of us are ready for the day pewds stops uploading for good……
I have followed you a couple of years, and still enjoy your content. its ok to change the content of your channel and I think that is what makes this channel alive not someshit repeat again and again then people get bored and leave.
I'm not sure whether Felix will see this or not, but I started watching you when I was around 8 or 9 years old, I'm turning 18 in December. I grew up watching you Felix and saying that you're an inspiration or a role model won't be enough to justify what you mean to me. You have been here for more people than anyone would even try to count and I think I speak for everyone when we say we appreciate you with everything in our hearts. As much as it would hurt to see you quit I'm glad you didn't, however, I encourage you to stop seeing YouTube as a priority and focus on your life with Marzia. We've all grown up and we've matured enough to know that you also have your life to live, be happy, start a family if you want to even though you have over 111million kids already. I wish you the best Felix and I really hope you are well, make sure to eat properly and rest well. Love you bro
Lel
I grew a beard since I first watched your walkthrough videos, I kept my shit together thanks to this channel, and honestly, sometimes I just watch Felix and wish he'd just disappear from my feeds, and go live a happy life in japan and other cool places and live his life. He's been holding us together for a decade and he deserves the best for his good deeds.
Faça o teu melhor, na condição que você tem, enquanto você não tem condições melhores, para fazer melhor ainda!  Peter, graças as suas dicas estou crescendo com o meu canal e espero em breve conseguir ativar a sonhada monetização! Grande abraço e muito obrigado!
Noooooo I’m so glad you’re staying on YouTube you make so many peoples day Just by posting a short video !! You’re videos will always be great !!
im fine if pewds just shares his life with us and keeps us apart of him im sure we'll always keep him apart of us.
I kinda like the wholesome side of felix
please dont quit please jesus please
yasss lets go :D
Now that your doing these vlog style videos I think a lot of people, myself included, would enjoy maybe a workout routine video. Your outlook on it isn’t as toxic as a lot of peoples and I think seeing what you do to stay healthy or get in shape would be a good video people would enjoy.
I wish every billionaire on earth would have the same mindset as you, as you explain it around the 3minute-mark. 3:00
Pewdiepie is a legend. No doubt about that!!!
any one neeeed please reply me
Before 2 yrs ago, unless you were doing a vid with @cinnamontoastken I wasn't a big fan of them. Now the vids you make are a lot more like you are with Ken. You are more real now. Just like you are anytime Ken is with you.  It's good to see the real you.
Hello, my name is  Brian. I work for Spectrum and many other internet providers.  Our company allows you to setup any cable services or even set up an internet provider, without the requirement of any upfront or deposit.  EVEN IF YOU OWE 7THEM Are you in need of this services?
What is model of his heaphones?
Gimmie Model of this Heaphones Please.
Anyone know whats the name of the headphone he’s using?
Ere un rayao
You have enough money, why stick arround and read all the stupid comments?
ly bro
I swear if he quits, i'd cry nonstop. Although i'd respect his decision
I love watching all your videos no matter what it is. Just love your vibe and how you speak lol!!!!! SLAYYY FELIX
Start a talkshow.. boom
No freakin way 😎🤙
He hasn't changed after all these years. He actually didn't retire even after the stress he's been experiencing because of his dedication to us. That's why he vlogs so much these days. After listening to the way his voice, it's clear to me that it's continuing to gradually eat him alive. I know from a decade of experience how terrible stress can be. Which is why I sincerely want him to completely forget this website's existence until he's completely acclimated to Japanese society.
<3
7:00
5:45
I feel like im growing along with you dawg quit if you want or post if you want just keep being amazing
PewDiePie Vlogs channel when? 🤔
This might sound cheesy, but you are a great inspiration to me.
We need a billion subscriberzzzz!!!!
Jag tänkte skriva en lång text om hur bra du är och hur mycket du har betytt för mig, men det blir lite mycket. ville bara säga tack för att du är du, hälsningar från en norrman
i just want to see felix do good. makes me a happy
It's just called growing up. 👍 Enjoying your day to day life vids. Thanks for posting.
Keep it real P that's the way you always were and are I love it keep it up 💕
Those are some high grade audiophile headphones 👀
Somethings never change! *Brofist!* ~☆♡
just do vlog
Never stop making videos Felix my bell will always be on for you and i will always look forward to your videos
Don't quit just do it on your own pace do it when you want to no pressure at all you've already done so much
What the point of YouTube without PieDiePew?
salute to the channel and the content bro... it motivates me to be more enthusiastic👍👍👍🙏
This is the Felix that I used to see back in 2013. Back to subscribe this awesome youtuber and a bro once more.  At the year of 2017 or 2018 when I'm first learn and getting into the memes It was fun (T-series, Spaghet, etc) at first but later on it's getting drag on this channel it made me felt uncomfortable. In honesty I'm glad you made me quit memeing throughout my life and I  learned to avoid drama stuff.
FML XD This man will do youtube till the day of his death and I will support him all the way. Man when you say you've been doing youtube for a while it makes me feel old I still think back to how cringe you were when you started. But i cant thank you enough :) .Stay true to who you are bro
This is Felix's fairytale lmao moved to different country with wifey start a family  and live happily ever after
I've been absolutely loving the new Japan chapter! It feels so relaxing, especially after the wild 2020-2021 we all had
You have turned into fine young Man, be proud
Your Maturing ,you will be out of touch whether you like it or not . Find something else soon.
gotta be the ugliest headsets i ever seen :D wtf are thoooseeeee ?
Stop fucking milking your audience and fucking quit, LEAVE goddamn  Or don't, just make up your mind and stop wasting our time
I used to think that I missed the “old pewdiepie” but I realized what I actually missed was the genuine happiness he had or came across as having back in the day. I really enjoy the Japan vlogs because you always seem so happy in them and it really makes my preteen (when I first started watching 9 years ago) self happy again.
This really feels like YouTube
and how I am I supposed to eat without your uploads?
didnt quit cause he loved the money too much ofcourse
thanks pew
We're proud of you Pewds
Why
Why
i’m so grateful for everything you’ve done and shared with us. the frustrations and laughs i had with your videos will always stick close to my heart. you’ve been with us through all these years, and it’s surreal to see how i’ve changed as a person as well when comparing it to how i was when i first started watching you :,).  i’m so happy you have decided and continued to do things your way because we wouldn’t want your content any other way. thank you for still being a youtuber i could always look up to. thanks, felix. that brofist made me cry, so annoying. 👊🏼
Play The Death (Thần Trùng) by VietNammese Studio please Pews
I feel a little guilty about how overjoyed I was when you said you won't quit (for now at least). But I will always respect and support you on whatever decisions and choices you decide to make. :)
This is very honest video. Love it
Pewdiepie, along with his channel, feels like an old friend❤️
please don’t quit.. i’d stay even until ure slowly grow old and still uploading random things on youtube. watching you and your daily life makes me calm
love what your doin its always fun to watch whether its a game memes drama etc. but love seeing your travels in japan
you do you boo
Inspiring video! I'm from Sweden. I have a big dream of being a full-time YouTuber someday.
That ending made me smile
Hi
Noooooo don’t quit pls😢
you do you man, we enjoy all the content you put out! You're a good man Felix, you deserve all the happiness you get and more in Japan. Thank you for the amazing content throughout the years brother.
I've loved you since the early days, and if you need to take a break bro, please do. You have one life and everybody deserves to live it the way they want. Much love. Brofist.
then quit now
Has PDP mentioned andrew tate yet???????????
Legend
Make it good... promote the hell out of rumble before you go .
just do you man
Chal betichod zada dimag mt laga 😂
Pewds pretty much calling meme review shallow…What does that say about those of us who loved that content?
👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
It doesn’t feel right when I didn’t see you here on youtube 😢 Im a fan of Marzia too and when she quit youtube I was sad but if it helps her then I support her
thank you for everything
I appreciate everything you’ve done to make your fans happy Felix. Thank you so much for all of the great videos. The best thing about your videos is when (yOu specifically) enjoy making them.
Pewds, idk if you'll see this I hope you do, either on here or Instagram, but I'm insanely glad you didn't quit, I've been there since Amnesia, AO ONI, all your old playthroughs, fuckin Octodad, Bully, Fridays with pewdiepie, I used to be so excited when you would upload a new one, I love the gaming videos, I loved the meme review videos, and now you're in Japan, which is fuckin awesome, I also wanna move to Japan, and I love the wholesome Vlog content, insanely happy for you, Marzia, Edgar, and Maya, You will forever and always be my favorite youtuber, in my soul, that's how it'll be, no matter who my favorite is right now, you'll always be the OG, love ya pewds, bro fist 👊🏼
Love the videos! Everything changes. You will always be my favorite. Just never go woke :)
no matter what content you do you will always let someone down, the important thing is that you dont let yourself down
Fk i thought you have 111k subs ☠️
I feel like I’m in great company…
❤👏👏👏
I’m so glad you are enjoying yourself again !!!
GOAT
Awesome to see, you deserve to enjoy life after all that hard work, congrats Felix!
You have a life. It’s okay Felix/ pew die we will love you no matter what!
start writing manga lol
Don’t quit on YouTube just make your self happy and do your videos the way you want
You let me down every time you upload and it is not minecraft❤
You're a real stand up guy - I'm happy you're still here.
Glad you living life bro 💪🏽
Do your stuff in your style and relax. I love you and your content no matter what it is 😉
Those headphones are beautiful, what are they??
Please never leave ❤
Yep, if you don't have fun it kind of shows.  It's fun to see you enjoy Japan, or whatever phase you are into.  It let's the plebs like me live vicariously through your content.
hey men,, you do you bro and if is not about the money then good for you . we are still here to watch and support and in spite of  your haters  you can always take comfort in the fact that you made it and got the girl  so live your best life buddy and god bless.
Been with you since a child ❤ thanks for everything
I started watching Felix in middle school, I'm in my 5th year of college now and I still love seeing his notifications. Felix, it's definitely weird to feel proud of someone I do not know, but you've grown so much and you serve as a wonderful inspiration to strive for personal growth. Happy to see that you're happy man 👊🏻
one of the best thing about dude is that he never credit for himself when he achives something he always respect us the audience and his team and he is polite in all his videos....we congrats ourselves on his achievements more to come.
We need book reviews!!!!
While I am so happy for you and the path that you have taken with Marzia, I can't help but feel sad that it is the end of an amazing era :(. I already feel a sense of nostalgia, but it makes me sad. BUT AT THE SAMW TIME IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU. Ughh
Living the life fr, congrats 🎊
Enjoy the fruits of your labor.  Maybe start a family? Both of you guys are extremely attractive/intelligent, I’m sure you’d have amazing kids.  Travel the world??? Maybe you’ve already done that. You don’t have to keep working on/and growing. Sure you have plenty to retire…
I love you, black man.
MrBeast is gonna pass you in subscribers lol
You have come way past that phase where you had to post every day with so much pressure. Just go with your pace. Upload whatever you like. If we a real fan, we need to have patience and wait for his videos.
Felix one of not many youtubers whome I will miss once he will go offline.  Missing book club Dawgs. Happy with every new video he posts.
Man it's kinda un real but aye man  glad you've made it this far ya know
I LOVE YOU PEWDS!!
not if u ever stop making videos youtube will feel a little more empty without you bro
We're growing old too, Felix. We enjoy the transition, from the shouting Felix to chill and adventurous Felix. Most of us can relate. Have a good one, my man.
awesome pews u found balance in ur life enjoy the fruits of ur labor and god bless u amazing human being!!!
Damn so crazy watching this video now and thinking back to the Amnesia days, some good times arguably one the best youtubers to this day imo. Long live Stefano!
I would like to see you playing minecraft with other people.
the brofist made me tear up ngl
Play ocarina of time!!
xin chào anh bạn đẹp trai
Rumble needs you  🫡  start a new journey and bring your beautiful fans it will be one of your greatest missions. We are going down in network history
Move to rumble :) pleaseee!!!!!!! Lmaoo
How do you get such a big subscriber amount😮
Way to persist & continue to follow your Dreams
Bro I remember when you had 25 million subs and now you have over 100 million. Holy shit. When you gonna retire. Lol jk I love still seeing you.
I've never seen anyone I watch wearing a pair of Audeze headphones 😐.... nice 👌 I've got the LCD-3.  Very good, but also heavy and they clamp down a bit.  Sony MDR-Z1R's are my favorite.
Appreciate the update. Glad you're still around. Been loving the vlogs.
I'm actually really happy to finally meet REAL Felix and not his famous alter ego.
He truly is the king of youtube
Don't quit. Get into the YouTuber boxing scene. That looks like fun.
This PewDiePie is my favourite stage by far. I have watched his videos more than ever in the last year than the past. Guess I'm just an adult now and I like his adult - living life content.
Just quit and really start your family
We are so lucky to be apart of your retirement journey and the fact you still include us is phenomenal. You may not be appreciated as an icon but you are and will always be an icon
WE LOVE YOU!
Don’t quit I love you black man
I enjoy watching you enjoy Japan!
Trading the right way is key💯, ask me how?
hey Felix we appreciate you for you are! Live your life enjoy, Japan! Aslong as your happy I'm sure a lot of us bros will be too
Still, I miss the 2013 Pewds, maybe because I was younger myself
Much love and respect always
YOU NEED TO PLAY SOME GAMES AGAIN 🎮
Hey, I've been watching you since the very beginnings and have seen you go through all of your changes. It is clear to see how much personal growth you have made over the years. I am personally going through a big metamorphosis myself and hope that I can grow myself too. Thanks for what you do and sharing your experiences along the way. It is inspiring and I wish for your continued success and happiness.
Hey Felix as I grew up, I feel like I grew with your channel.I love all of your videos over the years still makes me laugh and when I miss one video I watch then until I catch up,so…. what I’m saying is keep up the good work and I’ll be watching and waiting for me.
I love how pewds still loves doing this, I hope the best for you pewds, keep it up! <3
I love this man been with him from the start. Its been a crazy ride. I will always come back to this channel to watch some old play throughs or to see what pewds is up to. Your one of the ones who made it and you actually deserve it. You cant say that about many people who are so rich they can just do whatever the hell they want. At least not personality wise. You should enjoy it.
Thanks FOR STICKING AROUND PEWDS
They're either here for you or here for specific content. You have nothing to feel bad about if those don't align. Anyone who criticizes you for what you're doing isn't here for you.
Even just an update on how you are doing once a month would be enough for me. You are one of the hardest grinders of Youtube. Uploading content every single day gotta take a toll on you after this many years. I 100% support you taking your time just enjoying life and share it with your wife, in the end you gotta do what make you feel good. All the best to you and her 😜 from a fellow sweden thats been a subscriber since I dont fkn know when 😅
I don't want him to leave 😭😭😭😭😭😭
💛💛💛💛💛
Pewds followed you for years, and am enjoying your latest content more than ever!
It’s insane he worked for roughly 12 years on YouTube and is now retired. Jealous lol
Bro rockin them crisssppyyyyyy cans
Please keep doing what you love.
been watching for like 3 years on again off again and i like the real person format the best anyways
I really enjoy watching you and Marzia explore Japan. You’re helping me see what I want to visit when my husband and I fly out there for a vacation someday. 😅 I also think it’s okay to evolve and see how your channel became a joint channel with Marzia. Classic sorta social media joint account lol.
What a Handsome Young boiii He became 🥹
Get in touch with Robcdee on Twitch, he is living in Japan and a great lad =)
Honestly, I had stopped watching for a few years. But the series of vlogs now have got me actually looking forward to your videos again. I'm very much enjoying the new relaxed Felix who just takes you on adventures.
I love you black man❤
i love you bro
PewdiePie saved my life, my mental health.. without him I dont know if I would still be here. Thanks Pewds..
You go fame you got money.. its time now to get some fun! (making youtube videos ofc)
I remember when you were a call of duty channel
dude what headphones are those
Living the dream my dude.
Fuck are those headphones 😂
It makes me so happy that he's letting us have a glimpse of what his and Marzia's life is like. Seeing them move to Japan and that process or their daily activities. Thats the type of content I really love because it's so peaceful, beautiful to watch and also inspiring. So whatever Felix decides to do I hope it just makes him fulfilled and happy
Awesome. I really smiled at the end 😁
WW😊
can somebody tell me what those monstrous headphones are???? i mean the name, brand, whatever it's been a long time since i saw any pewdiepie's vids so i was absolutely fascinated by those ugly ass headphones, i want them!!!!!
I think I can speak for most people here and say if you're happy, we’re happy.
I love the new content. It feels so much more personal. I use to love the horror games videos but it's great to grow and change and I personally appreciate the change and the new you! I absolutely love the vlogs. They are amazing
I am so happy
keep going felix no matters whatever you do we will always be there to support you.
I love you black man
We will always support you pewds! A lot of us were watching you since a long time ago and it's understandable that just like our lives have had a lot of changes, yours has too. When I started watching you consistenly (2013) I was just a depressed highschool kid who would watch your daily videos to distract myself about the rest of the world. Now I'm moving to United States and recently married with barely enough time to watch youtube or anime.   Change is normal and we will always treasure the moments that we went through as a community with you, and we are excited for this new phase in your live!!
Honestly the past 1-2 years ive been enjoying the content more than i have in the past
👊
Im so happy for you Felix ❤ We all Love and support u no matter what. Its been a great ride and I’m excited to see u enjoy ur life
Retire, but please dont quit. We have grown up with you and you at this point are such a big part of our lives that i feel like growing old without you would not be the same, bro.   And felix, dont feel like your channel is 'deep' in the negative sense, it has just matured and its perfectly fine, cause your viewers have matured with you. surely, there will be exceptions, but i feel like most of your audience knows you for many years and started watching you when they were 12-14, making them in their 20s now, which is a huge change in maturity and surely a great deal of their lives at this point. we will always be with you on whatever you decide and wherever you take this channel. sending you lots of love.
I became your subscriber many years ago just because I wanted to know what the top YouTuber had to offer, but honestly I barely watched 2 or 3 videos (maybe one per year).  Indeed, I got a bit interested in your content once you started making reviews of trash products from Wish... Maybe just because it felt closer to me. Because you were showing products that I never would have considered purchasing, and the videos didn't even need a big production (considering your history). So I don't really find an special reason for having been trapped by those videos.  But today I can say that I do enjoy the mature Felix, who is capable of appreciating the beauty and the fun in small things. This new calm adult aura is more like what I expect to see... You now look more like one of my friends.  I really don't understand what the people who asks you to "come back" expect from you... Unless they were less than 10 years old children the past decade when you streamed hours of Minecraft and aren't still capable of understanding that times passes and people change... Yes! Time passes, and it's always for the good!  I'm still a gamer, and I do enjoy playing (even when I have less time for it), but watching you visitng many places in Japan is a lot more pleasant and appropriate. Once you have a family, having a smart and charming guy and his family reviewing places that you will consider traveling to with with your own at any moment is a lot more convenient than watching gameplays.  Keep going, man! I know there's a moment when you have to answer to those requests (maybe you count them by millions) but at this point there shoun't even be the need to waste your time making clear to the world that you have grown up. The time will come when they do it too.
I had a phone that for some reason wasn't sending videos and I wanted to send videos to my brother. I realized I could send links to videos, so I started a YouTube channel to upload videos and send the links to my brother. I noticed one day that people were watching the videos. I have another channel that is somewhat successful,  but my YouTube adventure started by accident.
Felix you’ve honestly never disappointed, no matter how many changes this channel went through I always find myself coming back for some nice PewDiePie content. From “being a YouTuber isn’t a job” times to now, your videos always brighten my days. You have no idea how much I love to just sit back and binge watch the Japan vlogs, I truly feel like I’m visiting the country! You and Marzia having fun and discovering the culture with your little pugs is simply heartwarming💛
Here is the thing, until YOU enjoy it, don't quit it. It is not all about the viewers, not even the fans, easy to start making videos for them, or doing things for the views, but that's a whole new kind of prison if you ask me. If you enjoy what you do, then do it, and it will make the viewers happy too. Maybe some leaves, but well, good riddance. New people will always come.
Well done🎉 enjoy it to the fullest
How Felix got his brofist back.
Keep going Felix!
Do what you want, its what got you here.
DONT QUIT
I love you black man.
I love you black man
Namaste muthafukka we stil love your ass!
We love you PEWDS. Just be happy and don’t worry about YouTube. We all support you!!
To everyone that fist pumped their screens.👊🏼
Felix realising that after decade of making fun of boomer he became one
IF ANYONE HATES THIS GUY I HOPE WHATEVER IS WRONG IN THEIR LIFE BECOMES BETTER
Thanks for everything Felix, I mean it. Even after you retired im going to watch your vids. You made a big footprint on the world. Im happy to see you having fun.
Felix this era is my favorite from both you and Marzia (plus the baby pugs) 💗
You have gotten so much crap you don’t deserve. Anybody who has watched you can tell you are a great person. Best of luck bro
play the last of us remastered we need it
I don't get how people can just up and stop their hobbies like obviously this is more than a job for pewdiepie.
Honestly I feel like this is the greatest arc in the PewDiePie saga. The content is extremely intimate and authentic. This is your victory lap, Pewds.
What YouTube was invented for! Sharing the ideas you love!
always here for you.
Bro, why havent you started for children? You have an obligation to the future!
Don't apologize man.... just be yourself.  It's actually why you got so well known here regardless of the content you were producing.  Though there will always be a warm furry memory of where I was laughing so hard I felt like I was going to piss my pants like a kid during that virtual cooking video....LOL
Damn man, I've been watching you for a long time but not as often as I used to. Still can't believe that you are a different person now and have different plans for the future, so much time has passed! I hope you enjoy whatever you are planning to do from now on!
Grew up watching pewdiepie even remember waiting for the new happy wheels video to come out and him with barrels lol and now im soon graduating high school and starting a new chapter in my life of course I would love for him to keep going because he inspired me to start as well as many other people and was just a huge part in it all if he did ever decided to stop which may come sooner or later I think we would all be sad but happy for him that he did what made him happy and is happy himself and we should all do what makes us happy and just push until we've done it and I may not be that old lol but I am proud and happy for him and just happy he was here with us and was like our own mister rogers lol. 🙂❤ brofist ❤
21 year olds assemble
So no more Meme Reviews??!!!!!
Landsfader Felix😭❤️ så stolt!!!
I remember when he used to upload like daily. Glad he’s taking somewhat of a break 🎉🎉
hope u never realy quit nice to see u from time to time :P if u quit it wouldnt be youtube anymore
New surfing vlog coming? :0
I really enjoy the sweet aesthetic japan vlogs and seeing you be happy in just what you're doing, it is honestly so good to see you as happy as you are, im happy you didnt leave
And I love those huge radiograms attached to your ears....
Hey I wanna say sorry for being weird to you in that one skyrim live stream, I was in a manic episode.   I was dead set on getting your attention and I wanted to connect with you. Now that im regulated, looking back I know that wasn't a good way to go about and I wouldve never been able to meet the expectations I had.   I still will always enjoy your content, as I have since I was 9. I love you but I have to remember to be realistic, and it's my responsibility to keep my brain in a balanced state.  I also gotta remember that youre just some dude on the Internet, and im just some person on the internet. Again, I'm very sorry. If you do remember seeing my comments, I hope they didn't cause harm. I know that it was just me saying I love you throughout the stream, but it was still creepy. I can't remember if thats all I said, I do remember leaving normal comments though.   Im glad you didn't draw attention to it, I had poor judgement and im not like that when im balanced. If you do decide to bring attention to it, thats reasonable too. It's the consequence of my actions, manic or not.
We 19yrs old will support you till our last breath 🙌
For every comment asking “when are you going to quit” There are a million other people saying  “Dude please don’t ever quit”  I personally love your content now more then ever! Cause I like you as a person, whatever you put out, I will watch!
If this was a disney movie his happily ever after would be exactly this. He goes through the journey, gets married, moves to a beautiful country and lives quietly while still doing the thing he loves and got him there in the first place, but at a leisurely enjoyable pace. I'm really happy for you guys and I hope you live well.
♡
Play minecraft
It’s podcast time now
Will always  love Pewds.... If he goes Markiplier takes over the No 1 Spot... 🇬🇧👍
Even though he’s retired, he still uploads more than 90% of content creators😂
Don´t ever quit please, i love ur videos they are part of my life and I want it to be that way
Just do whatever makes you happy. If it means to keep making videos  just make videos. If it means to do something else just do something else. Everyone should do that.
"and they lived happily ever after" I'm so glad you have achieved everything you could ever want in life Felix, to then essentially bail on all the people that made it happen.  Class act
bayonetta 3 is coming make a gameplay first and then will see if you quit or not lol !!!
Dayum! bro got the Audeze's!
You should just quit
*I DONT WANT FELIX TO EVER QUIT. I'm okay with the irregular or not so many uploads. I just want him to be there through my life, you know, just hanging out and chatting with a bro through a video. IDK why people ask him to quit. Who tf are you? He's doing what he wants to do, when he wants to do. We forget that we're not a "regular audiance". We're BROS. Bros back Bros no matter what. Bros dont ask their Bros to quit. I love you Felix and I wish the best for you. 👊🏼*
If you wish to quit. Quit. If you don't. More lifestyle vlogs feels like a great way to continue.
It's crazy realizing I've been watching you for 10 years now. Started at 14 and now being 24 you've stuck around longer than some people I called friend. I'll be sad to see you go but also extremely happy for you. I've never felt so close to a YouTuber and it's just insane. Doubt you will ever read this but you've brought so much happiness to people's lives including mine. Stay awesome bro.
In a hundred years when the current internet is old and taught about in schools. Does it feel weird knowing you will most likely be at least mentioned during the lesson?
Legend,
Been digging this recent content. If I was the kind of person that actually did their homework, I feel like I could study to these vlogs. Reminds me of an episode of Amphibia. If you're willing to accept change, you can bring some of the past with you.
Bro, you did it. You beat YouTube. The first person in history. Whatever you want to do you can do. If people aren't happy, then they can leave.
I've been watching your channel for so, so long. You've given me and my ex so many laughs and entrainment. I'm sad to see things change, but, I understand your point. I am very happy for you and Marzia.   I hope this new path treats you both well and you live out your life peaceful. I will always remember your great content. Your horror ones are among my favorite 😂   Take life easy Felix and I hope your retirement continues well 🙂 Long Live the King!
can I get a pewdietwink in the chat
This is the best comment section on the whole entire website <3
I watched Felix as a young boy at the age of 15, I enjoyed his childish videos way back then. And now that I'm 22, his videos are still entertaining for me. The vlogs are good for me, because it fits the maturity I have now. As Felix matured, me as his viewer also matured.   Man I literally grew old with him in the process.
As always, Pewdiepie proving what true success looks like. Feeling good with yourself and doing what you like, no matter what society or even fans expect. I feel really happy for him :)
I never comment but I subscribed back when you were hitting 100k and I was addicted to watching your compilations of Amnesia scares/Horror game content...and I am still subbed all these years later. People evolve and grow and as we get older we start to appreciate our time and energy more. So do what you enjoy, people still stick around or they won't. It's about experiencing life the way You want. 😊
Please subscribe my channel ❤️
Hey man, keep it up. We do enjoy your j-vlogs. It's like watching a friend living out his dream, and yes you are not our friend, but it's nice seeing you enjoying japan after so much obstacle in your way. Enjoy your time there man, you deserve it.
If your financially stable enough to..I guess go live your lives. But we truly love watching your story
I hope you get to fully embrace and enjoy havi g fun and experiencing life the way that delights you the most. I hope you continue to share the highlight reels with us. :)
my dad has been farming long before I was born, he can retire, heck all my uncles and aunties can retire, but they don't because they enjoy everything about it. he is 65 and he's rockin it.  be 65 and rock it pewds.
Love form india, can you help me i want to create a youtube channel and income money.
Good salam dari indonesia
We love you, Felix!
I'm glad you're staying!
You inspired me alot Felix. Just make videos which make you happy😄😄🥰🥰
I’ve watched Pewdiepie since Amnesia and his horror gaming videos and over the time, I won’t lie, I did stop. I never knew why I did but I never got the same vibes from his videos as I did from back in the day. Don’t get me wrong, I never left. I still watched minecraft videos and some vlogs but it felt off. It makes sense now that the reason why was most likely cause of what Felix said, he was so focused on trying to get views and subs and I felt like he wasn’t himself no more. (I am not trying to say I know pewds or am his best friend who knows everything about him, please don’t assume this). Because Felix had a phase of all that drama from t-series and more and I thought “man.. this is hard to watch” but now, seeing this video, makes me wanna cry. Its nice to see the change. I don’t wanna sound cringe (probably already do HAH) but I’m so happy you’re still making videos and not for the fame/money, but for the fun. It’s gonna be so nice to see you feel comfortable with whatever you’re making without the forced personas or actions.   Love you Pewds and BROFIST 👊
Man I feel like every few months I come back and Felix has gone through another period of life growth and it’s been a crazy ride. Started watching him in middle school (when I was maybe 11) and now I’m 24 and finished college last year.
HAVE CHILDREN AND QUIT YOUTUBE STOP BEING AWKWARD
i wish pewds would put his old intro song for at least once in 2022 or maybe 2023, he could xD
Good boy
I subscribe and love youtubers showing their genuine problems and being open. It’s a rlly vulnerable place but I love seeing someone go through stuff just like me. So thanks for doing this! I don’t find you complaining, I find you reflecting like normal adults do. Proud of u pewds! So excited to watch u on the channel having fun!! We can tell when you really enjoy what you are playing! Thanks for caring for us, but there is a strong niche of people who are SPECIFICALLY here to watch you have fun. So I hope u can do those videos more :D!
you do you bro, thats all we can do in this life :) <3
love u pewds! keep doing what u love and makes u happy!
Good look bro
Don't quit please
I've watched your channel intermittently for several years. You've always been able to reinvent your product - you - and make it fun to keep people coming back, while still being you. I don't think you should quit, even though I can understand that you feel you have done everything possible and you have enough money for you and probably even your grandkids to live good lives. I think you are a good, inquisitive, and interesting person and youtube needs more people like you. There are so many useless "creators" constantly making videos, why should you quit?! I guess the pace and feel of your videos is now very different, more slow and measured, and personally I prefer videos with more energy, but people are still interested in your content and it's good to change things up. As long as you feel up to it, I think you should continue. It would definitely be a sad day if you actually stopped and this channel just became like a historic record. Perhaps you could make a new channel with a new vibe for this phase of your life?
22 thousands comments makes ya not even wanna look i would imagine
I do feel lucky that I'm one of the many that are still here watching your content... You have been through so many changes... and I feel like so have I/ so have we, your bros.. but despite the changes, big or as small as the energy level used in a phrase said in a video: I feel like I'm growing up or maturing along with you, cause I ended up watching it all anyway, ever since the amnesia days.. it's all different but same same... like there's something at the core that is still there.... I can't really quite pinpoint it either yet... even though it's been 10+ years xD  Anyways, thank you Pewds for sharing what you like with us.
honestly dude, this is the most ive enjoyed your content. love the vlogs. never liked all the minecraft silliness anyway
That's what i really adore and envy about you, being fun and enjoy things from big to small in both video games and life no rushing or kid-trendy, and you're still keeping that same energy for 12 years straight. Us bros will always support you and Marzia till the end, thank you Pewdiepie for everything, Brofist.
Please don't ever quit 😭 I want to watch you with my grandkids
I remember watching your videos when I was in high school 2011-2012 it was a dope ride watching the change over the years
Horror was my favorite era 🖤😋 thank you for being a huge part of my childhood!!
I much prefer this to the forced 1/day uploads
happy for u felix...do what u really want💌
I’ve been following you for almost 12yr. . I started watching you at around 11 or 12 years old and I’m still here, 22.5y/o.   My first YouTube crush was you! 😂 that’s crazy
The bro fist always makes me so happy. Love you forever Pewds❤
Please never quit or it will be meaningless for me personally to visit YouTube!
Felix is bigger than YouTube at this point. He’s inspired millions, keep doing what makes you happy. You deserve it ❤️.
if you don't wanna see videos of felix, why are you actively watching them then? just don't click on them? block the account? you know that you don't have to watch them.. that's such a weird behavior
Never give up up up Never let go go go Never give up, never let go
PewDiePie I understand that honestly and I will always support you and your friends as well with my soul and my heart ❤️❤️❤️ you been through so much that I honestly wanted to help you again and again.❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺😢😢😢😢😢
I’m glad your begin your most authentic self!!! I feel like we are losing that in a lot of YouTubers, and everything is starting to feel mass produced!! 👊
Que grande :3
Please don't quit im literally live a life through you otherwise id habe no life i love you
Conga headphones 😎
YouTube is now just a past time 🤣 but seriously he is explaining every career ever right? Like we work so hard towards something to make it for ourselves and it becomes us. Jobs are scary lol
I feel everyone's at the point where we just enjoy whatever you enjoy creating - I am obsessed with your Japan vlogs, even if they are just super chill like you at home with the dogs and Marzia. Everyone just loves you guys and I think that's all we need is you to be happy with what you do 💗  I think you inspire alot of people, from where you were before to now - it's really inspirational and you can kinda see that in all your videos
He looks so tired though, like he's not really enjoying anything of this.
But where do u get ur income and money if u quit?
Pewds if you quit we all know why but please don’t :)
Please support 😔😔😔
Felix, you are glowing. What are you doing for your skin care routine? 😩
Been watching since the beginning and it's gotten to the point where even if it's not the ideal content for me I still watch because you feel like a close friend at this point you've been in my life longer than any of my friends have and I'm always happy seeing you happy. You'll always be someone important to me.
best motivational speech ever
Pewdiepie is a dead channel now, I hope he will be the greatest YouTuber again in this planet earth in future 🙄🙄💪💪
the problem is you are the heart of youtube. without you then it will will become markipliertube maybe thats just a gametheory in jakes septic eye. dont take the vsauce away from us
support.
Been watching since I was starting middle school. Well that's like a decade ago and I love the ride we've followed along with. Enjoying the retirement vibes from the "fun felix" even if it is an old sage not a hot dog vendor this time 🤣
please don't quit! we want to be with you until old age <3
Honestly, I've liked your videos much better over the last two years. You seem a lot happier and like you're actually having fun instead of being stressed about putting out content for the sake of putting out content. And the vlogs that you're doing in Japan aren't normally the type of stuff I watch but it's just good to see you are Marzia enjoying life. I'm glad that you guys are in such a good place right now in your lives and I'm happy to keep watching just to support that!
You’ve pumped out hundreds of videos over years & years. It’s about time you settled down & enjoy the fruits of your labour.
hi pewds
Wholesome
u should never quit youtube man !!! first ur videos ur good and ur one of my best youtubers second man u've been youtubing so long and third u have 111m subs for god sake man
Man, I've been watching your content for like almost half life my life now (which sounds frightening when you think about it). First video I saw of you was Outlast (and I didn't even speak English at that time) and I've been watching you ever since. It almost seems like I grew up as you were growing as a content creator and your content was perfectly aligned with my interests throughout the years. For being my long distant friend all these years, thank you and whatever you decide to do in the future (whether you stop uploading or you keep making videos about your life in Japan) you'll always have my support. Wish you the best !
Man i would love a PewDiePie podcast
I'm follow you from 2011, always happy to see your videos
The title of this video scared me. I don't give a F what changes you make.... Just don't leave!
do you feel that there are political agendas pushed by big tech that manipulate algorithms against you? when did you feel this uphill battle started?
love your vids
Pewds I wanna surf with you
i'm so proud of you felix
I am so happy for you , I like your video 👍
Это я котик и мука
Don't leave me Felix we re the same age. I met you in 2017 in the dark ages. We have grown up together. I have a 19 month year old. You are part of Atlas's life. Dont leave us.
Honestly your point of view is interesting, and the simple fact of sharing whatever's in your mind is cool it's like discussing with you. Or with anyone really its beautiful to share life expectations, dreams, past, reflections... etc
Incredible inspiration
Happy for you! Really, in life you have to do what is best for you and just feel happy, you achieved that by going through different phases in your life and Youtube career. There will be more to come in future, so just grab with both hands what is coming and don't forget to be happy, always :)
i have been here since like 2012 and just want to say that i fell in love with this channel for pewds as a person, not just the content. watching my first video as a preteen and still watching as a college grad. it’s been an honor growing up with you pewds and watching your content change with you. i have loved every second of it and am so excited for every upload regardless of its content because i know it will be great no matter what and it is so refreshing to see you upload what makes you happy. 🤍
I watched PewDiePie way back when he started and then stopped watching him when he was starting to see it as work/as a job. It just wasn't as fun to watch.  And I circled back, when he said he's retiring. It makes a huge difference in vibe and content, and of course everyone is more fun to watch when they do it for fun, and not because they "have to".
Always stay who you are, that's why we keep watching your vids. Love as always ! Brofist !
I’m so so happy for you, seeing how the channel has evolved and grown since I started following your stuff (LWIAY and hMMm days, and through T-Series and 100M as well) has been so amazing for us to see, and I’m sure all the more for you as well that we can’t even imagine. I’m so happy you finally made it to Japan with Marzia and Edgar and Maya, living your dream and enjoying your life, because you deserve every bit of it for staying so humble and genuine with us. I admit that I have my own preferences for video content as well, but ultimately we will all support you in what you choose to do because you’re so much more than that. As long as you keep growing and doing what makes you happy, we’ll all be happy for you <3
Shut up lol
love you Felix . just do what you want . LOVE FROM IRAN
Hey pewds I know you probably won't see this, but I've been following you since 2017 you've become one of the most influential YouTubers in my life and arguably in real life. And now that I'm growing older I can completely relate to how when you said you were stuck. You're my inspiration to grow and to  become as mature and successful you've become. Id be so upset to see you leave but I'm glad you're in a place of tranquility and peace.
Pewds book review, or Philosopher review, we love you pewds.  Keep doing your thing. Whatever makes you happy as a person. Thank you
I think I never comented on any of yours video but I'm here since was just a little pup and right now I'm almost 30 and still time to time come back watching your content after work 😄 wish you the best!
❤
It’s so refreshing watching your videos , helps me realise that you don’t always have to “grind”, if you work hard enough you’ll reach point where no longer need to work as much and this alone is more than enough for me to keep going :)
nice headphones bitch
Really glad you’re doing well
😁
🎉
Videos like book club and philosophy are really great
I love when he's explains but her old video is so cool
You have been my "friend" since i was 15, its been amazing to see you grow and i'm happy for you regardless of what you post. go pewds!
the more  things  change the m o re things stay the same.
you've literally taught me english lmao,, I remember staying up all night trying to understand what you were saying while screaming about outlast
I have watched you for so long and your content has grown with you as you changed. That's a good thing in my opinion, to be always evolving. Of course, there will always be people we cannot please in life, and we shouldn't dwell on it that much. I am happy for you Felix, that you are finding a happy balance in your life now. You worked so hard for it so you deserve to take a rest and upload when you want. I want to say thank you for all the years you have provided content, and made me laugh so much. You are appreciated by many people :) And of course, I will still be watching and re-watching your videos always xxx
I think when you still reach so many people and they get something positive from watching that's a good reason to keep doing stuff. Maybe not so much as you used to and different stuff, but I think you can still be a good influence on people. When I look at people now apparently growing up to Tate, I'm kinda glad I grew up to people like Pewds and others lol.
When you grow up. Your old viewers grow up to. im watching you when in high school now im 25 now. Im watch you because let play videos but thing keep me come back is not it. Your channel so much but still entertaning me from time to time. Thank you!
Seriously do whatever makes you happiest. More chill gaming perhaps?
Hey look pewdipie back how many book do they read all book how 😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
No, don't quit Felix. Just upload when you want to upload, no pressure.
Anyone know what kind of headset that is? Looks really nice
We've been here for the ride and we'll continue to it as long as you're up for it :)
Just vlog or live your day
Hear me out: Pokemon Nuzlock
Bro!I challenge you to play World Of Warcraft classic,wrath of the lich king!
i love your current content so much. it is nice to see you happy
too happy bro. actually got a bit gay there for a second but its all good
love you Pewds your a role model
I hope you guys are safe rn from the typhoon.
❤❤❤ enjoy to see you every time Pewds
Believe it or not pewdkepie is still the biggest gaming channel
Growing up watching your videos really shaped my life. You’ve brought me entertainment and hope during hard times, and passion for the future during good times. Watching how you dealt with your own hardships and criticism helped me mature and learn a lot. You brought a unique kind of consistency and support to my life that i can’t possibly describe. And for that, i can never thank you enough. I hope you enjoy your future, you deserve all the best
whatever you do, just dont quit plssss
Why not start talking about the important stuff in the world everyone's trying to avoid?
DONTTTTT QUITTTTTTTTTT
will always support you no matter what king🥹🥹🥹🥹
MORE HAPPY WHEELS.  I am really happy for you felix. Been watching for 10 years now. Happy with how its all turning out.
It's always been so refreshing to watch someone who is grounded and positive and real, and I have so much respect for the fact that you're just, a good influence.  You deserve time off when you need it, we'll always be here.
Why are you wearing headphones? 🎧
B R O F I S T!!!!
This is where it’s important to have a work life balance, you have to have a nice flow in life and as a man, start making some babies!!! Take the weekends off or work a couple of hours a week. I respect Felix’s decision, he loves what he does!
I always come back to your channel *because* it keeps reinventing itself ✨
I've never really watched your videos that much, but I've watched all the japan vlogs. I really enjoy them!
Youtube without Pewds is not Youtube :o
hello i'm a new subscriber
I’ve been watching Felix since I was a 7th grader in middle school, now I’m a sophomore in college😭
U put babies in that woman yet?
We're just happy that you Marzia, Maya, and Edgar are happy 🤍
Enjoy Retirement Pewds, really truly deserved.
its awkward as hell, but i love that youre still doing it lol
Honestly Felix having you on YouTube is sincerely comforting and the consistency of you being here to come back to over the years means so much to me and I’m sure a lot of others as well. I think a lot of us are just happy to see that you are happy, I mean seeing you living your dream is super inspiring and warms my heart in a way not a lot of other things can 💕
We'll always love you. It's hard to stay who you are when the everyone wants a say in who they want you to be. You keep doing you and find that happiness. I'm glad you're still here and keeping it relatable. We love you man.
You are bigger brother! good lucky, ever time for you pewdiepie!
I love how you keep going on I saw you with 90 million subs then 100 million but I was using a different account. You were defeated by t series,cocomelom and set India.  Love your inspiration
👙👠💋
People who are passionate never quit it's part of their life that's your calling   to influence people 😄
give up t series doubled your subs gang
Man.. haha.. Ok.. Well, ok.. Any whoooooo.
glad Pewds didn't quit, it's fun seeing him at a slow pace
Bring back the book review!
but I’m grateful u still here after so long Ur my favorite YouTuber I love ur humor ur like a comfort person to me when I had covid I watched yo videos and it made me feel better
pewd play some game , we love to see you playing game bro.. play anything you like.
Whatever felix chooses he knows we will support him.  He looks so happy in Japan and that's good :):)
Also I love ur philosophy vids u been doin u should do a vid talking about what books u read and all that stuff
Ok but can u pls like do at least one more like horror let’s play or any series I loved the last of us so much PLEASE MA BOA
Just film Edgar and I would still watch it
First of all the perfect thing is just uploading whenever you want and even if you decide to quit just give us some updates from time to time on your IG
I'm glad he's not quitting yet. Pewd's channel feels like a break from all the usual content sometimes. Sometimes you just want to watch someone chill out and talk about life
GO TO ME MUSIC😁😄😀🔔📯🔔🔔📯🔔📯🎶🎵🎶🎵🎶🎶🎶🎵🎵
whatever you do, I love watching it no joke, you have been with me almost my whole childhood, just want the best for you man, as long as you enjoy it and is happy!
I’m so happy you didn’t quit . It is really nice to grow up with you and to watch your videos.
This literally felt like catching up with an old friend
BROFIST.  I audibly said “good for you” r/t you choosing surfing over working on a large vid.   xoxo
Well, if it helps I’m the same way always thinking about YouTube (I have other channels) but I haven’t even seen 1% of the success you have had. It’s great you’ve succeeded, and it’s awesome you are realizing there is no reason for “more” so congratulations! And cheers to relocating to Japan.
we love u man do whatever u want with ur life <3
we love u bro, no matter what you wanna do or what you wanna post, we'll support you <3
We luv u pewds og amnesia sub so glad to see how much youve grown
its okay you didnt quit I tell you why, you need money to live idk why and is extra money right? things getting real ma boi, do what you want and that's all bro, why you talking to us? st*u and do what you want like when you started omg girl
Youve been doing this for so long and now is the perfect time to take it easy and go by your own pace. You've worked so hard for us and you definitely deserve to do things your way. Majority of us has grown over the years and we have our life to figure out.
Feels like Felix is YouTube’s longest, biggest YouTuber so his perspective really guides others and the content moving forward. It’s great to see his perspective is so grounded and he’s going back to just making content that makes him happy. I think the biggest problem with YouTube now is it’s all about numbers and likes. I really hope more people adopt Pewd’s perspective.
I love you PewdiePie. I been watching you since 2017 & I enjoy each & every one of your video’s. I’m actually glad you’re still going & started having fun again with YouTube. The loyal fan’s will stay even when you’re 40, 50, 60. I truly believe they will stick around till your unable to continue. Thank you for always changing the YouTube game & made it mainstream.
Never give up never surrender!
We’re your fans and love you and Marzia. We just like seeing you, whatever you decide to upload. If you decide to step back that’s ok too, we just want you guys to be happy ❤ I am happy though that you said you’re going to continue for the time being, though. Your videos make my day.
Thank you Felix, for everything so far 😊
@5:07 Platinum Blonde Crazy Pewds will always be my favourite era
You kinda made YouTube. You can't quit.
Thank you
Honestly, Pewds I'm here for anything you post. Would love to see your progression and reflections a few years from now, and compare it to my own. Keep doing whatever you feel like doing!
💕💕
I've always loved your down to earth talking videos and have felt the spark in those vids. It truly is like hanging with a good solid friend. I don't know you of course but you've made us "feel" like we do with how real you've been with us <3 Thank you for everything!! I've bought your keyboard as I type this message and also your balisong which I enjoy from time to time.
I have watched you since you started. You have been a huge part of my teenage years and now my adulthood. I am 27 now.
don’t quit
You started youtube when i started walking 😂lol
I love you pewds. Keep going!
Keep doing you my friend! :)
Poggers
We got a bro fist 🥺❤️👊🏻
Keep safe big bro ❤️
My boy has the tambourine headphones 😂 love ya pews.
You deserve everything and do what makes you happy(:
I’ve watched you since I was 9 years old. Now I’m in college at and 18 years old. Thank you for what you do!
Your probably not gonna see this comment but Its ok mate people change people grow been watching you for a few years now i went from hardcore gaming to hardcore dad always coming back to your videos throughout the years to lift my spirit when its low i miss the games i use to play but i love my children more i dont know if im making sense or not lol but i just want you to know that i get it bro I understand no matter what you upload on youtube i most probably will pop in from time to time to see your content and reminisce thanks pewds would love to see you become a father as well it will definitely shift your audience
pewds is like a retired grandpa
Felix & Marcia, are you guys safe from the typhoon?  Sending prayers and love for Japan.
you've put so many years of hard work into you're channel, you're allowed to relax and enjoy it bro you really deserve it. We will always be here~ たいへんよくできました。
mr beast got 100mil he cathing up to u
I love you man, and im sure a lot of people tell you that but you’ve always been so authentic that it feels like you’re a real person, not this shallow or exaggerated persona. Wishing you all the best wherever you decide to go
Guys what headphones did felix uses in this video?
Great video, was just wondering about your channel and how you are! good update bro!
l am japanese.i like u.
Top channel defeat by t series
mentor some new youtubers to be successful
You'll always be my favorite felix. Thank you for not making me feel alone
says the guy with the dumbest looking headphones ever made!  Damn dude.  They dont look good!
Interesting to see YouTube's biggest channel go through these changes with the creator.
<3
You shouldn't quit if you love making videos. We love your videos. Especially the reaction ones or pewnews (but ik thats over lol)
guys he said the nword once, he can never be forgiven!!
BEASTMASTER64 ADVENTURES IN JAPAN!! LETS GOOOO :')
I really like you Felix, I'm happy you are enjoying life, i love your videos and have fun watching you. Be happy, keep doing your thing.
Don't quit lol
I believe my friends has one of your old gaming chairs, it’s blue? If not then maybe someone else’s chair
Unsubbed, have a good one!
tom brady of youtube
Love you pewds
Never lost faith lil bro
Felix is really a good person. Even with all fame,money he has. He doesn’t forget his original intention. I think that’s why I still watch his videos passes 9 years. Wish u the best pewds🎉🎉❤
💯
ALEXA, PLAY DESPACITO
I’ve watched you since you started and I’ll watch you until you decide you’re done with it!! I enjoy watching whatever video you make!!!
Mrbeast is going to bear you please don'quit
Whoever's reading this ,I pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine andthat everyone has a fantastic day.
no but i LOVE the japan videos
PODCAST?
Being the same age as Felix and watching vids since 2012 I feel like we’ve gotten old together 😂 I haven’t even noticed when he stops some shows like we’re just getting old together now.
I would 100% watch and listen to Felix on his own podcast about his philosophical takes or opinions/views
It's funny though that a lot of the people around me ask: Who is pewdiepie? Even though the stuff that they watch originated from your channel.
You've already done all the main quest on your life. I believe you deserve a bit of rest. For now, just enjoy your life champ. And lastly, we are here not for content but you Pewds.
Pewdiepie did retire, the last 2 years has been Felix and I love it
I love you Pewds
I’m 30 with a 2 month old boy who lives in Ohio work at Walmart changing oil and tires to make ends meet. glad to hear your story.
I think I will always follow you ... I mean I still look at reuploads of Marzia's videos so haha its not like I joined because of a specific type of content, is more like, I joined for what you nad your life made me feel? idk the point is, i hope you stay in youtube for as long as it exists and i will follow you and watch your content till then. Lots of love from a honduran guy <3
It's amazing that you continue to change your channel to reflect you growing as a person in your own self-discovery Felix vs. becoming a mascot for Pewdiepie!
We live in a world of distractions Felix. Live your life. Those of us that are here HAVE BEEN HERE and will remain here man. I have been here since I made my first account in 2012 and have always stayed subbed. You have always been someone I enjoyed watching and found that I always related to the ebb and flow of your life and antics. We all go through fazes of interests. Keep being authentic and your true fans will always be here.
113 subscribers 😜
You’re at a really good spot rn, keep doing what you’re doing! I don’t make videos but I can understand what you mean. How I relate is sorta like an addictive game.  You play and play it to try to reach the peak with good items or levels but there’s a point where you should step back and ask yourself; am I still having fun or is this an unhealthy obsession/unachievable goal? You’re right to believe that right now is a good slowing point because you should totally feel accomplished! 111m is quite a few people if I do say so myself!  Content wise, I love what you’re doing! It’s awesome seeing you guys having so much fun in Japan! If I were to suggest anything I’d say that I love when you and Ken do collabs! 🙂
spiritual realisations xoxo
Felix my guy pls do a DnD broken again with ken and even others they were so good lol
Felix. 35 year old mom who's been watching you forever. I just want a baby. No big deal or pressure. But thanks in advance. 🙃😍
<3 love ya pewds
انا وحيد عربي 😂😂
Pewdiepie is the anti-YouTuber not caring about the analytics or what he uploads
I have been watching this channel for 10 years now, got so nostalgic watching this video.
Play the death (than trung) pls!!!
Keep the content coming, stay strong king!
I know I'm merely one guy but PewDiePie you have provided so much inspiration to your viewers, any content you want to want to post your community will enjoy
Pewdiepie pie vlogging is like watching him do Minecraft in real life, I love it
We love it Pewds! Enjoy yourself! Happy to be a part of what's still enjoyable :)
Praying for u pewds. Be safe
Brasil Sil Sil
Pewdiepie pie killed the YouTube ender dragon and now he’s just messing around in his world, getting all of the achievements and stuff 🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓🐓
Come on, even nowadays I still watch ur videos. I've gone ups and downs and find your channel to be my comfort zone. Literally saved me up until now.
👊
I remember when Pewdiepie did videos he actually enjoyed such as reviewing the greeks philosophy! it was out the box but he did it because he really wanted to!
its amazing how your not quitting even tho my journey has come to an end i hope u continue to make people happy!
You should do a cyberpunk edgerunners review like you did with devilman :)
no way u did the bro fist, full circle moment😲
I think u should give me a million dollars so I can get mega rich in a few years and u can think of the act as u giving back to the #1 rep from the fans department
Someone should made an edit of before and after with all the op gamers
Play SAP
Don't quit pewds..... Do whatever you want, we love your videos. Haters are just gonna hate.  l don't understand why they keep saying to quit, who told them to watch the videos anyway?
YOOO CONGRATULATIONS ON 111 MILLION
Praying you and Marzia, and both Edgar and Maya are safe right now...
PewDiePie your the best YouTuber and im sorry you lost to T-series and Cocomelon
You do you pewds. Will always love you and your content. But respect any kind of decisions you make. I think the fans are proud of you for accomplishing your dreams and we want you to enjoy it ❤️❤️ brofist my man
Keep posting when you want dude, no pressure. It’s not about >”the content” any more, we like you for your personality bro
arigato oniichan😫😫❤
Beat T-series
Felix should become gaming channel 😝
Finally gets a good camera, quits
Can u try collabing with Mr.Beast?  I wanna see 2 legends meet each other 💜❤️
Hey, you should always do it for fun. When you're enjoying yourself, your videos will be better. Everyone likes the content they like, and some may leave, but you may get new viewers who enjoy the same content you do. Do what makes you and your lady happy. Enjoy Japan!
HE ISNT GOING ANYWHERE woohoo!!
The world will end when pewds will quit youtube
OUR BOY FINALLY GOIN THROUGH MID LIFE CRISIS
Keep it up my guy!
Te quiero mucho Pewdiepie 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
He made it to the top and now we get to see someone leisurely live their life / retirement through a YouTube video every now and then. Good on him, he beat the boss and clocked life. Kudos Pewds!
So... Are you telling me that increasing the numbers of subscribers was not because of the memes?????m¿?? What kind of reality is this??¿
This man is retired and yet still posts more than most channels these days
❤️❤️❤️
my expectations in this video between thinking he is qutiing or not: 📈📉📈📉📈
Dude i started watching you since amnesia and i’ve never watched you full time al these years, but more periods where i watch every video and then maybe nothing for a year. And everytime i come back to the channel it always has the same good feeling. You’re an amazing guy and even though i don’t really know you, you feel like my digital brother. I wish you and Marzia all the best and a happy life !
I knew about PewDiePie and was subscribed for so many years but I didn’t start watching regularly until he started making Minecraft videos 😅 and now I watch because I enjoy his talks and vlogs
Love it felix
Why would you quit ?! just because you're not making the same number that doesn't mean people don't like you anymore. You're still an icon on youtube, you'd make views and loads of money by uploading literally whatever.
I don't want pewds to quit
I've been on Youtube since 2006... and I never would consider ever being a "youtuber" with schedule and same content etc etc...
Stoked for you. 👊👍
Right now, as I type this is 111mil subs....if you are spiritual, make a wish ❤️🥰
what is with those giant ass headphones? :,D
항상건강하세여
<3
You can really quit whenever you like. Don't feel worried about it.  If ever you need to, just quit, unplug and live your life. We love that you stay, we stand behind you. Always bro! Live your life 🤗
Time for PewDiepie surfing school....
Pewds should name his channel “Felix”. I think it’s really fitting (not in a negative way)
Keep doing you man. You probably wont see this. But try vlogging at your own time whenever you want. And maybe try streaming. Don't need to spend time editing. And keep doing what you like.
<3
I'm not a gamer so I started watching you at a later stage of your channel and I enjoy this kind of videos. I'm glad you have the luxury to enjoy the process more now.
he could of went wrong so many ways being one of the most successful yt channels to ever exist but he’s such a mature and nice guy
Hope you guys are OK with Typhoon Nanmadol over there! Looks scary as f*ck!😓
Though I don’t watch your content regularly, if at all, I still wanna congratulate you for maintaining a drive so many people on this site lose after not even a year. You have been here for almost 15 years and you’re still here, good for you man. Keep doing your thing and remember to be true to yourself and enjoy your life.
obnoxious camera zooming
can i have a shoutout
And as always, we’ll be right here supporting you!
Interested in if you have tried improving your Japanese
Brofist
Hi
I’ve been your fan since 2011. And i’ve watched you and the channel grow for many years, i haven’t left then and i sure as hell ain’t leaving now.  Always in the bro army pewds, go live your wonderful life and enjoy every single moment of it you big goof.
Việt Nam xin chào
I love that how Felix and I are having similar experience at the same time, I was terminally online throughout the years and somehow felt the need to be online (Cuz I had no irl stuffs/lore going on),  but my exams are near and then gonna join university, so I am slowly getting rid of the internet. Similarly, Pewdiepie lost the motivation as well. It really makes me feel happy and motivates me to get off the internet cuz it's kind of pointless.  Love you Pewdiepie <3
Wishing you success and blessings to you and your family pewds. Thanks for making videos for my entertainment and a bit of realizations.
I hope you keep uploading at your own pace and just relax
❤
Listen to nvm — day mon befo u quit!!!
Japan vlogs pewds is best pewds
I didn’t know until recently about your whiskey addiction, Felix. My ex wife and I of 8 years split up very suddenly around 6 months ago but we were unhappy for a long time before that and were drinking a lot. After we split, I definitely started drinking a lot more. It was hard to pull myself out of it but I’m in a much better place now like you.
I’m glad to see ya enjoy it, man <3!
im so fcking proud of him
Its alright bro.. everything needs to come to an end <3 u deserve this
What ARE those headphones?
Just play Happy Wheels again... Or have live $€ks on Twitch... won't be banned prob
Honestly, I've loved your "upload schedule" being so all over the place, it feels way more like you're enjoying it! Just keep doing what ever you wanna do bro!
Wtf, Felix? You really think your auditory gives a sh*t about what content you make and how often? Do whatever you want, we are just happy to have you there
Booo booooring
POR QUÉ NO DEJÉ
a
Al
Ksosos
noticed the tan
I really enjoyed your videos from years ago  and I still enjoy them now  😍
Japan has about 1,500 earthquakes annually
really glad with the change in your perspective and thoughts .. good for you you should enjoy life and come more in touch with your reality, this is all part of the process of growing up 💖
Don't quit..please Felix ffs DON'T EVER  QUIT!! I don't care what type of videos you're making but just keep on making 'em pleaseee
E
Make more mincrarft vids and sonser Mrbeast
translation: i need the munays
You better watch out a Beast is coming!
Keep making videos, keep having fun. We will always be here. Love ya bro fist!
👊 We love you pewds,,,,
pewds has officially beat youtube
IMO watching you now is a lot more fun and chill, for a while I stopped watching your videos cause of the "drama", as you said kind of pointless videos about memes that change every day. Keep doing it for fun and if you want to quit go for it. you've got nothing to prove to anyone
I'm Nigerian, give me a shoutout please, now that you not quitting, love you.
Enjoy? Nah it's the money Felix trust me
quiz, how many dings u heard ?
Been watching you since early Amnesia times. So many years past and your videos have helped me with mental health and you have been entertaining atleast half of my life. Watched you grow and succeed makes me happy. You quitting is expected and it will be bitter sweet. Thank you for everything till now pewds <3
Hey, offtop, you can meet with Chris from Abvroad In Japan Channel, maybe he can help you with your japanese too
Please don't quit
You do you Felix.
Kan du göra en video när du pratar svenska en gång
WE LOVE YOU PEWDS!! BROOOOOOOOFIST
Please flick the mic again. 😌
I’ve never left a comment on any video of yours but I’ve watched every single video of you since 2014 and i enjoyed every single phase this channel has gone through and i would respect your decision to quit (if you ever do) but I’d cry myself to sleep 100%
I prayed to water sheep
I’m so thankful that you didn’t quit and I’m thankful that you’re doing youtube at your own pace! Your videos are amazing, keep up the amazing work!
When did pewds get into audiophile gang?
Just dont quit man, please. Tho I no longer watch your videos regularly like I used to when I was a kid (not working and had no serious problems in life as an adult), I still check your channel every now and then and watch a vlog or two. You still make our day with the things you post even if they aren't Happy Wheels anymore, so seeing you leave with make fans like me real sad. You are a big part of my life (cringe all you want but it's true, LOL) so please don't leave us hehe
det ända du borde göra i min åsikt är att göra det du själv vill göra och det som känns bra för just dej och dem dej nära. Jo det låter som ett cliche som alla säger men det är ju bara sanningen.
Make another Minecraft vid bro just do it we don’t care WhT it is just mine or sum
Heard theres a strong typhoon, are you guys alright?
WE LOVE U AND WE AGREE WITH THAT ❤
Just lower the rate in which you put content out there. Do it like twice a month and you'll be good!
L
gör filosofi videor. jag njuter av dem
Would be a shame to quit outright, if I was in the same position personally I’d do it as long as it made me happy and gave me a sense of purpose. As long as you have something that will give you that in its place you’re golden.
awkward flex, but ok
I love you pewds. I’m so grateful for you and your journey. Thank you for still being here. Brofist 👊🏽❤️
When you max out every stat of the game and get tired of one-hitting the biggest boss over and over and consistently add gold to your purse every day as if you were doing the time hack in fable.
We love You Pewdiepie 😍
Makes me emotional thinking back to when I was watching Felix play amnesia and everything that has happened in my life since then. Good luck to you both man, you deserve it!
Rich people problems.  Gotta lovvem :)  It's not about the money until you take away the money aspect then you realise how important the money was because it made it all possible in the first place..... I make my head wanna burst.
pewds be safe ok there is a typhoon making it's way to Japan we don't want you to die 🖤
i really like the way he is going.... seems so relaxing and calming
Jesus is coming back soon! Repent and believe the Gospel!❤ ”By this gospel you are saved, if you hold firmly to the word I preached to you. Otherwise, you have believed in vain. For what I received I passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures,” ‭‭1 Corinthians‬ ‭15:2-4‬ ‭
tyst
It also makes it so much more fun to watch when people do what they really like to do :D at least for me it is such a joy to see the people I look up to have such fun and be happy 💚
Love u Félix
MONEY
Easy money. Who’s walk away from this easy money?
Im so glad to see you happy. Thank you <3 love you pewds. brofist
I am so glad to see that Felix can enjoy his life well instead of being kidnapped by the Internet. wish you a wonderful life in Japan from the bottom of my heart.😊😊
I miss the time when I waited the whole day to get a youtube notification saying pewds uploaded a video. But you do you man. I will wait patiently.
I've really enjoyed seeing your content change and evolve. We all change through time, repeating the same over and over will ultimately lead to unfulfillment, so change, do the things that make you happy, and we will carry on enjoying them! 🙂
You should still do it 🤡
Sounds good! I love to check in once in a while (when youtube remembers to recommend you 😅) a lot of your longtime followers are getting older as well. The internet is starting to feel noisy, right? Wise not to spend all your time In front of a screen. Enjoy the fruit of your labour ☺️❤️
yo your haircut now vs in college chefs kiss 🤣
Money
Read my name
YESSSSS!!!!! GO SURFING!!!!! BEST PLAN EVER!!!!
Jesus those headphones are gigantic or almost comical 'cause the sheer size 🌚😆
Small fact Felix, all non japanese people living in Japan become miserable after a while. So hope your marriage don't crash & you become a sad sack. Just a heads up. There are even videos on this exact thing. But fuckin' don't listen to me (like i always say) but check it out for yourself.
Some things never change….but that headset is QUITE new- and QUITE expensive. A fine choice.
Why on earth would you quit?
man , this dude is smart . fun was the name of the game before . glad he's back into it .
I came for the horror games but stayed for pewnews and meme review. I get that meme review got old but the world truly needs pewnews now more than ever. I hope you find time and interest to do those again because it was truly something special
Remember when you said the n wors
yo Felix you are a fun guy, sure everything feels like its becoming stale and monotonous at some point but doesn't mean you have to quit. Mix it up, do it in your own pace and enjoy your life
What would it feel like to get pinned 🤔
Your videos were a distraction for people from their everyday life. The depth of the content was of no importance. It was all just fun. No need to feel embarrassed about those old videos of yours. You feel like those videos are shallow with no substance but if anything, people loved them. Entertainment is all what people expect from a PewDiePie video and it is a great accomplishment that you have been bringing joy to so many people for so many years. Now, I believe this is the time for you to quit YouTube. With utmost respect for your long career that I have enjoyed being a spectator of (I wished to say 'part of' as in part of bro army, but that is corny af), I have nothing to state here but facts. Your content feels empty and low effort now more than ever. Uninspiring is the word, no disrespect intended. Continuing to post the stuff that you have been posting will dilute the channel that you have built. By dilute, I mean adding more characterless and bland videos and bringing down the quality of your channel. I would say, "Making the channel less epic". You can either continue uploading. The views are there. The reddit has gone to shit but you reacting to them somehow makes them entertaining. Nothing is stopping you from uploading. Or you can quit now and abandon this channel as an antique in the internet museum. Like Papa Franku did. Or there is another possible route that you can take. Start another channel. My name recommendation, "PewDieVlogs". Upload all your cool vlogs there. Vsauce Michael does that. He uploads videos that are unworthy of the Vsauce channel on his other channel called ding, formerly dong. That is a good way to go about it.
And yet all his videos still made me laugh 🙌🏽🙌🏽
What If you Go to Odysee?
You were there for us as children, and we’re here for you as teenagers and/or adults, so, we’re here for you now. If you need anything, you can contact me or maybe one of your other viewers, we’re happy for you whatever choice you make.
Still rooting for u Pewdiepie MrBeast ain’t got nothing on ya
Me listening to the important video that Felix had posted    Keeps getting distracted by the gaint pair of headphones on his head
😁
Im a fan of all the type of videos you do because you don't do it like everyone else you do it in your way and that makes it more entertaining selfishly i dont want you to retire but whenever you do we have great videos to look back on thank you for the entertainment pewds
i know you're doing things you enjoy, but will you ever do anymore book reviews? those were pretty wicked
Moving back?
money
Please don't quit
I loved Felix , I love Felix , and I will always love Felix ❤❤❤❤❤❤
It was all your focus ???... Isn't that what a job is
We're happy for you Felix. Just be you. Just like you , we are also changing and that's normal. ❤️
Good to see finally you getting peace from what you love. Enjoyed all you videos. Thank you so much!
I enjoy the content now a lot more than the contet you did a few years ago.  I am biased towards these casual, "living life" vlogs though. Absolutely love the calmness of it, and you seem like such a happier person right now.   If you do ever decide to retire fully, I am sure we will all support your decision. For now however I am so thankful for being able to watch your life with Marzia in Japan :)
I can't take him seriously with his head sandwiched between two waffles
I hope you continue to do what makes you happy!
So happy for you man :)
You've been an inspiration to many, so whether you quit or not. You've earned that right.
This pewy guy is a joker! Get a life and help the ADHD kids in US where screen epidemic is shafting their brains. No wonder unemployment is up and families have gotten poor. China is kicking ass in Tech and AI. Looks into backstreet of major cities, and do something about poverty and sickness
Saya harap org-org mau mengunjungi YouTube selalu ☺️
grow up with pewds from 2011 to 2022
Du får aldrig lämna 🎉❤
💥Lee Marvin Hitchman @ LADbible/ Real Porridge/ Shaun Attwood Podcast: 300 💥
I love pewds he’s so awesome since I’ve started watching him when I was 6  were he played amnesia
Dude... I mean some people work for 50 years and more... In entertainment also, people sing and act for entire life...
you completed the main story line. Have fun with the side quests pewds, you gave us hours of happiness.
No matter what or when you upload I'll be here waiting to watch it 😏🤙 but I really like to hear Felix talk or rant about things it's some what comforting.
Omg Felix! you sound like a grown up. I want to see you grow old with Marzia on YouTube. Please never quit 😢 lots of love from India
Are you afraid of Mr beast coming in hot for the sun count?
Pls don't quit
Pewdiepie says n word
3 mill views damn bro your falling off
LCD-2? Nice +1000$ headphones.
O pilsinho só seu fã volta fazendo teste de unidade no fogo livre 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
I mean, it is your channel, don't let other people affect you too much, do you.
You look happier when u moved to Japan, I was just saying this with my husband, I mean when u really enjoy what you are doing, it shows. Just want to say I'm happy for you being you. Never watched those gaming channels but personally am into travel vlogs about japan. sometimes weirdly enough I can feel as if the content creator is just rushing the videos for views or is really enjoying it with their loved ones slowly transitioning. I prefer the latter
Time flies, 10 years ago I was watching you happy wheels videos in my kitchen while eating cereal, I was barely a 3rd grader. Now I'm moving to college in 8 days :)
T Series - 225M You         - 111M Loser after lots of drama, controversy, abuse Indian people & fake charity. That's the power of Indians. Mind it mr. fakediepie
just have a kid you will be better
I am Palestinian 🇵🇸 I am kicked out of my land I need your help 😭😭 please follow me
Can you shout out MrRexta so he can win his battle against T-Series LOFI
Now youtube has bloated the app with ads and this video isnt monetized
Ok. Now play Splatoon 3
Just quit or dont ... shut the fuck up about it and entertain people
Love you pews !!! Will always support you🤩 you and Marzia inspire me a lot💕
Skönt att du inte slutar
love you pewds
Don't quit yet, pewds. My youth isn't over yet.
Pewds my hero.. New youtuber here, please help with the sub . I play all games, from crappy games to heavy games, from funny games to horror games
tbh in my opinion the best vids on youtube or social media in general are the ones where the creator actually enjoys what they're doing I'm not trying to say that other than that is horrible but I still belive that when the person like what they're doing then it's gonna come out amazing I liked growing up with pewds and I liked all the eras he has been through and some how the changes in this channel somehow were fitting
I've been watching Pewds since 2012. I remember it like it was yesterday when he gave Jacksepticeye his shout out. Crazy how it doesn't feel like 10/11 years at all...
Felix man i love you 😭😭😭
You go girl! ❤️👊🏻
I would really appreciate if you touch trauma in your channel, how you've been dealing with it as well and how you can help others go through the big waves in life. You reached a society successful life, but what have you become through it and what were the challenges, how you dealt with them. All these kind of things that you can help people go through their hardships !  You HAVE  the power to do that, you have so much reach, you might as well touch upon societies toxic problems.  thank you for everything bro! I appreciate you
Are those tambourine headphones
do you play video games? if you do make more vids please, i recommend you to play RLCraft alone or with your friends
Thank you Felix and PewDiePie for being our online friends for the past decade.ive been here since CrookedMan
Awesome to hear you've found a good balance between life and work and that you're enjoying both.
You brought me to stoicism THANK YOU  Felix.
I dread the day pewdiepie is no longer doing youtube, but when the day comes it is well earned. Thank you Felix  <3
cool
I am in Japan I hope I run into u one day :(
A true pioneer
48:07:05😊
Felix is really a grown man rn , we all proud of you and supporting you what ever it is be sure that we still love you and waiting excitedly your videos 🫶🏻
Love the headphones. What are those?
That sounds like the perfect way to do it at this point; just do YouTube as you like, when you feel like it. Prioritizing enjoying the real life.
I love u felix actually I’ve been watching u for years and ur just the most great person ever, I strive to be like u in ways, u are just so decent and smart, I love it, enjoy life man! From a fellow swede 🇸🇪
I’ve been watching your channel since almost the beginning and it has been a great journey! I’ve been a fellow 9 year old, a 19 year old and going for the 29 year old pretty soon. You’re are a great inspiration for me and for many I believe! Watching you grow both physically and mentally makes me really happy and inspires me to try and do the same for my life! Thank you Pewds for being there for so many years and so many people. You deserve the best retirement ever and it looks like you made it 🥳 ❤
Been a fan for 10 years, will always watch your channel no matter what the content. Your videos helped me get through some reallllllly tough times. So I’ll always watch your videos just to support you. Thank you
Never quit!
Adam haklı beyler dağılın
Love the new videos getting to see daily life in Japan, has been very interesting and enjoyable experience.  Plus seeing the real star of the channel make an appearance back has been great...    Youtube stars have this false belief that they will always be on top, but that is a false belief of any celebrity.   They come and go, in all genres and youtube is no different.   Those that enjoy making content will make it no matter what and those that move on, will like Marcia.     The thing you don't ever want to become is a Pauly shore clinging to the past and your moment in the light, and not enjoying the experiences of today.    If we get to enjoy those with you great, if not then at least we know you are happy...
been watching you since 2013, and it would feel so weird if you actually quit making any type of videos. I am happy to see you in such a good place now, smiled throughout the whole video.
I guess it's difficult to quit family that you actually chose to have. Sometimes you have more time for them, sometimes not. So just stay and let's meet from time to time. To have such a crazy bunch of community is winning a lottery. :)  A channel should never truly be about the genre, but loving the person who is making those videos. Last week we have a fun fare in my home town, haven't been there for years, lived in Japan, came back, hung out with friends and all of a sudden a woman walked towards me and was like: I know your videos, I watched more than 10 I think. Never happened to me, because I'm not a big YouTuber, but I like helping others to get better and enjoy their own lives more.  That's why I enjoy your channel so much, because you give us a happy feeling.
We're getting old, indeed.
Romance Marz
Wow .
i always have enjoyed your content and i always will <3
We want some beastmaster64 😎
I rarely post comments, and it'll probably drown in the sea of comments, but  .... just do you, Felix. I've been following the channel since the good ol' days of Amnesia, and at this point, I just come around for the vibe and your personality, rather than the content of a specific video. I do, though, enjoy the vlogging content from Japan a lot; it's really cozy.
I would watch your videos just because its nice to hear you talking about stuff, because i feel you are talking from the heart, your voice is soothing and for me that feels good. I appreciate that you are genuine of yourself.
yessir great vid
SUB TO PITTITOE GAMER ON YT!!
Pro tip: Stop doing so many vlogs. It's gotten stale now. Just look at the views. Do what you love. Play games, do random shits, and your viewers will come back. We love you Pewds!
Making videos about whatever you want at your own pace makes Youtube much more fun rather than feeling pressured to upload at a specific schedule. Keep doing you!
tenkyu pewds
I realized I watch your channel for you Felix not memes, that’s why you’re so successful so don’t let others persuade your choices.
EXACTLY PEWDS - U R MATURING SO WELLL 😊😊😊😊
the headphones :)))
"Be water, my friend." You are the one who make videos, not the videos make you. You have your own way to express yourself and I think thats why people love you.☺
Crazy, I actually found your channel when I was in 8th grade. I was in a rough place and always look forward towards your videos. As the years gone by we both grew up together. I was there along the way. I’m glad you made to to where you are at in life. Thank you for making videos and I still enjoy your videos.
my brother has been wachting u for more than 10 years and i got in to Felix channel 7 years ago and now aim 13
I wanna see the unit 01 in the back, with the weird pose
Your headphones are uncomfortably large
i really respect this dude. live your best life!
it's fascinating seeing you grow over these past years, there were ups and downs but in the end everything fell into their right places, i truly think the content you provide now is so much more enjoyable, very laid back keep doing what you love, we watch you not because of your content anymore, but because of you!
Your vlog in Japan is cool
Quality over quantity🤝🏼 Maybe you could do weekly/biweekly travel vlogs as you explore life in Japan!
Pewdiepie you will always be a cute blonde and blue eyes
The cool thing is as a content creator myself, I fully understand why he just wants to do his own thing and share things he likes. I find his content better now than its ever been. Its relatable and more down to earth. Keep it up pewds!
I hope all of you are safe Pewds.
Are you interested in replaying the newly released Lsat of Us 1 for Nostalgia and fun?
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I still think it's financial freedom, which gives you different perspectives and goals in life. Of course it seems stupid now to look at memes and do these crazy edits from back in a day, but just put yourself back in that small attic living alone again (even with your current mentality and experiences) with no financial assets. Yes you would again be stressed and would put that extra overextended energetic character on the YouTube channel and would count numbers and views. That's just an observation. I completely in love PewdiePie and his whole channel. It's just that financial aspect gives different point of view and it should never be overlooked or neglected. Financial freedom is a bliss when you set up your life in a good way....and of course looks like Pewds made the best of it👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻💯
I never watched him so idc
One thing's for sure, whether you quit or keep doing you, We are all proud of you! Keep enjoying, take care!
Dude your contant are so cool keep it up
I don't get the point of making this video now lol
love the man you've become pewds, just do what you find fun and meaningful. as someone mentioned, Enjoy the fruits of your labour man!
Pls don't quit
Real fans will always support you in your choices with your channel.   Nothing but love and respect Felix 👊
That's a goodbye video
Still getting over a million views a video. Your channel hasn’t even come close to cooling off
Thanks for your honesty, I think it's really healthy for the entire youtube community :)
fuck the haters we love you pewds
Stfu felix you're just a clout chaser end of discussion
Welcome Back!
I would kill for a new minecraft series
GG
You keep doing what you honestly want, that's one of the big reasons we like you so much :D
Hi
First
While it is kind of sad that we won't get regular uploads i couldn't be happier for you!  I have been watching since the old amnesia videos and i got to admit i have stopped watching your "new" videos since i have been focusing on other things in life.   I still feel that you are truly the best youtuber always humble and welcoming and i know that is why allot of others follow you too but i have also felt overloaded by the regular uploads since it's too many videos uploaded for me to keep up with and I don't want to force myself to watch them.  Do what makes you happy and i will be happy for you! Best wishes from a bro in your old homeland sweden.😊
I just realised I've been watching this Swedish dude for 10 years. Basically grew up with him lmao
I don't normally comment, but I see a Typhoon is coming your way. Good luck and stay safe!
“Wealth, Fame, Power. The man who had acquired everything in this world, the Pirate King, Gold Roger. The final words that were said at his execution sent people to the seas. "My wealth and treasure? If you want it, I’ll let you have it! Look for it! I left it all at that place!”. Men now, chasing their dreams, head towards the Grand Line." " The one piece is real"
🙏
what happens to your editor
Your meme explanations was very useful for old men like me.
You are a very special person, human, that is why I watch you
Yes, Felix, bro, just do whatever you want at this moment, we will always support you no matter what age you are, where you live, it just feels great to see you still going strong, we love you <E
Honestly, I think a lot of us don't really care about what sort of content you put out because we care more about you, as in seeing you do whatever you enjoy. Your channel and videos feel like I am hanging out with a friend of many years and that connection is what most of us are here for and will continue to be here for. So, please do let us be a part of your journey, however that may look at different times in your life! ❤💫
the vlogs have been amazing pewds, keep it up
Top of the mornin ladddies
How is this #42 in gaming ??????????????????
You didnt quit because youre GREEDY 🤣🤣
You can't win fight against t series 😂😂😂😂
You earned your retirement bro. U dont need to hussle antymore. Just enjoy the ride
Are u sure u code 💀💀
Wholesome brother
This video is so wholesome that smile in the enddddd.  Glad to hear the update and seeing u enjoying ur life! See you in the next video when it's uploaded have fun!
hi piediepie There is this great minigame called 羊了个羊 it's crazy. impossible to beat the second level. More than 50 million people tried it. I suggest that you record it. It will be a great piece of material for your video. trust me.
Take the path that makes you happiest, Felix. You've done so much as an influencer and your life with Marzia is ultimately most important. ❤️
Such a comfy room and background u got there boy.
This has been my fav YouTube channel and it always will be💘
I've been watching your videos since early 2012 so that makes close to 10 years now! I know my comment is just one in a sea of many, but I've really found inspiration and strength from your channel and all your different undertakings to make interesting and different choices in my life as well, following a path that's somewhat different than the one that was set out for me. So thank you! I hope you have an amazing time in Japan, never feel pressured to upload and just keep doing the same as always: whatever makes you happy!
We love you Pew! Keep doing what you like!
Pews growing up. Looking forward to the Felix Kjellberg channel talking about personal growth and sharing second brain Notion tips haha :D No but seriously, life changes, time moves on. You're walking in unwalked paths so do whatever that feels right.
Enjoy the Japanese life!
You are the YouTube Legend! Love ya
Just upload random vids about japan and how you adjust. Done. Stop making nonsensible videos which people doesn't realize and understand. I always hope for the best you can get, you are in the place where other youtuber wanted.
Let go of your fear that the audience might see you preachy or as someone complaining, like you sometimes state in your video. You should not feel the need to defend your actions, the good people of this world will see through you as you are, anyone that thinks any less is not worthy of your attention. <3
do a collab with mxr plays... it doesn't take lots of time, it will be fun & wholesome as well
The 🐐
Hey pewds, keep it up bro. proud of u. 😜
I spent 10 years with Pewds. Now I'm 22 and he still my icon and angel. Love you and what you do. True bros will be here forever 💙
Remembered Felix since 2012 playing Happy Wheels. Been a long run, but hey I don't blame him. He's married and enjoying life. He deserves it.
我很喜欢你的视频 希望你可以坚持下去
You do you bro, live the dream...for us :')
True inspiration ✌️
A heartfelt thank you for all the amazing years - both good and cringe <3
❤
I found you when I was 15! I’m 22 now and you have got me through so much! I appreciate your videos and I hope you are a part of my life until you feel you can’t! Love you Pewds❤
Totally understand how you feel bro, you do what you want to do, just be super proud of yourself, your a good man.
I’ve been watching you for years I just turned 20 and you’ve literally been apart of my entire childhood constantly supplying the laughs and the great content for year and for that I thank you pewds 👊
weird to still be here after like 12 years, love you pewds
I‘n happy that you stay 😊
so cool
You are the best youtuber i know
Everytime i watch this guys videos he just talking
book review!!
NOOOO!!! Never quit!!!😮
Pewds in the dad-zone now. He enjoys his time while sharing it with his subs.
You Do you pewdiepie whatever makes you happy 🎉
Making what you want was always the point, Pewds. It's great to have journeyed with you in your channel's evolution. Keep growing and continue being the awesome person you are 👍
I love you man , You’ve helped me a lot during my tough times throughout the years since 2014… I wish to be able to repay you someday
this is one really cool dude. very down to Earth. Keep yoself around mane!
He just proved to us he is the YouTube king.
Well, today would be a great day for surfing 😂 JK!! Please take Typhoons serious. I‘ll stay home. 🍶🍙🍣
Still in the phase of me watching pewds until the very last time but no hehe Im still here had a lot of memories and got to watch your videos when I am having a hard time in life and even got to make my own youtube and being a inspiration for other people hehe thank you for the whole 12 years and more in youtube Goodluck!!!
That's a huge-ass headset
Felix, there are memes roaming the fields unchecked and un challenged, there's work to be done!
your true supporters age with you, that is why we still enjoy your vids, back when we are young you showed us how to enjoy gaming and stuffs, now youre showing us how to enjoy life. keep it up sir pewds
i wanna see 100 yers old pewds❤ on youtube making you tube 😊
Felix, you have no idea how much I appreciate you! When you said ‘thank you’ I just about teared up! I love being able to check on your channel once in awhile to see how you are doing. I have mad respect for you! For doing whatever you want despite what others say. That is something I thrive to be! I have been watching you since I was a kid and you have helped me through so much in life. You have no idea! THANK YOU! For being you, man! So happy for you and Mariza’s new adventures. To many more, Bro fist! 🤗👊
HAVE FUN!!!!
don't quit mate!!!!!
best video format!
Please @pewdipie big fan please promote my this channel pleasee pleasee
Thank you for sharing Felix!  I have to say the content you been ousting out the last 2 years has probably been the most enjoyable to watch for me personally.  It just kinda tells when a person is happy, relaxed and content with what he/she is doing. I'm happy for you for what you have achieved and you're so worthy of just sitting back, enjoy life at your own pace and uploading because you want to, not because you have to.  Also, it's refreshing with a multimillionaire who does not feel the need to just keep pushing for more and more. I think it is so ingrained in our society, that we have to push and grow and keep working.  And for what? I think money gives security, pay the bills, roof over your head. But at that point, why do we as humans chase for even more? I hope more people will reflect on what you're saying Mr Pewds.  Have a great one everyone! 🥰
Can you give us a new  information about football players ?
Do what makes you happy bro! 👊
As a Swedish man myself I commend you for you’re bravery and I now can inform you that you can rest soldier.
T series thing made him gone wrong.....
First videos I watched were his Minecraft series... And I've been hooked every since... And I'd like to say I've grown as much as he has making his content. Thank you Filex for making videos
who agrees that kpop is disgusting they are like a bunch of stupid dance groups with their plastic faces, their toxic fans attack me just because i uploaded a video that i don't like kpoo
Flexiga lurar. Kostar inte dom typ 50 lax?
:D
So far I enjoyed every era of your videos. as a viewer I change as well and keeping an open mind to the content someone releases really helps enjoying the videos. And right now the Japan vlogs are so refreshing as well.
Felix your originality is what I respect. You are a legend in case you didn't realise(i know you don't give a shit). Whatever you are doing please do with full confidence and fun.
my man living his best life
now felix has a headset that costs more than his old rent back on 2011
I was elated for that Brofist. Been doing it for 12 years. See you in the next one friend 👊🏼
I'm here for it!
cause ur a g homie
It's really visible when you make content you're happy about and it's more enjoyable to watch, keep it real! 💜
It’s pretty cool seeing pewds just uploading whatever, whenever. He seems happy with it, and as a viewer that makes me happy. And the vibes are definitely really good in all his videos, probably because of that :) Keep doing you, pewds!
love the type of content you're making since moving to Japan do what you love and enjoy. that's key to both success and happiness
Hey bro, glad you're still here.
i wouldnt mind having your channel when u quit
MORE MINCEAFTE
I became a bro on November 26 2015,  I believe. Not super long ago, but somehow I always felt at peace in the chaos when I’d watch his videos. His best videos were the ones that were of him just having fun and being himself I think :)
It's ok. :) Viewers also grow, interested and thoughts change too. Do what you enjoy. I'm sure, because of your fun personality, also Viewers enjoying to watch.
А по-русски можно?
Love u pewds, but on another note, what hair products do you use, it looks so good 👌🏻
been here since amnesia and i'm still watching every single video. The day you actually quit youtube my heart will probably drop. i've spent so many years enjoying your video. now i spend them with my girlfriend and soon a kid. I hope this doesnt sound weird but, i want to age with you. if you quit i'll just feel terrible and old.
You like to build stuff. Start making Lego-videos :D
You can still get what you want by taking a long journey, such as hiking, cycling around, and meet some  new people who don't know you in a distant place
My favorite pewd upload yet
111M subs lol
Can someone say what is his headset.
your 32 bro enjoy your family you've had your fun
we need mrbeast disstrack
mrbeast disstrack
still waiting for PewDiePie X Sidemen...
sharing is caring
I grew up watching you and I enjoy your vlogs alot because its very fun to watch
pewdiepie your new subscriber is finally here XD its me
Felix, I’ve been a bro since I was 12 years old. I am now 21 and still watching every video 🥹 Thank you for making me laugh and getting me through the incredibly hard times of my childhood. We love and support you! Brofist 👊🏼
look good man !
🆕💜💕🤗🖐️🤲👆👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I think you will see most people grow with you! It is very difficult to please everyone because it will never last for ever. However you really tried your best and that is the reason i unsubcribed back in the day ( because i wanted to grow with you. a part of you that i saw in book review for example was amazing and the other part of you felt less genuine and i felt a bit to old for that part. No offence meant! )  Now here i am, checking you out after all this time because i never forgot about you. Ive always waited for the moment to see you care about yourself again.   That is the thing about being a scorpio as yourself i guess. You feel an almost unhealthy amount off responsibility for those around you. You do everything for your family and will gjve all of yourself to see those people happy.   The problem is, you have gotten yourself a big family over here pewds!   I admire you for having more trust in yourself and your loyal youtube following. So much trust youre doing you now.   I will watch your videos again not because i need them, like in the past, but because i want to see them.   Thank you
You're in Japan now. It's time for a 200 episode Chris Chan series. YOU CAN DO IT!
You do you Felix. I've been following since 2014 and I've actually enjoyed the changes to the type of content you've made over the years because it's kept things varied without risk of stagnation or being boxed into one area. Yes, subscribers will come and go as you change, evolve, and experiment, but I feel you've been able to retain a large core group of subscribers and fans that just like your content because of you, not necessarily the content itself. Do what makes you happy, and, if I may speak on behalf of the Bros, we will support you. 👊
I've been here since horror pewds days. Stayed because I've always been interested in you as a person. Youtubers are more than just thier content and I think as time goes on the platform is losing that side of its identity. You keep doing you whatever that is and I promise you'll at least have one follow around.
When Felix does a Stardew play through 🥹
Yes felix !!! I joined when you were doing horror 🥲 been so many years now and i still check in on your channel now and then. Blessings to you !
Transcended bro fist ™
Please bring back 5 Weird Stuff Online
What makes you happy is the most important thing. Do what your doing at your pace and enjoy what you have earned.
W youtuber
It's Ravenshadow
💚💜💚💜
common man ur rich as fk ... lucky you... freedom many of us will never have...
Brofist bro!!!! Stephano!!!!!!
pls share your money with me.  give me freedom.
Please never stop making videos ❤️ I love seeing this new content 🌸
Thank you pewds for always making my day better.
Felix, stay safe over there. Just heard there's a massive hurricane headed your way. Prayers for you, Marzia, and the people of Japan. 🙏
will always continue watching <3 love u pewds
Hope you are doing good and will be safe during the cyclone Nanmadol! ❤
you do you baby we love it
thank you pewdiepie for years of entertainment : )
btw, you ARE the YOUTUBER
tbh the japan vlogs are probably the coolest videos to date, so happy youve doing those and hopefully you continue to do those.
Making fun of deaf people sure is the way to go, isn’t it pew-die-shit???
good job love ya pal!
❤
Proud of you, bro. You have my support, as always. 👊
even though I cannot retire soon enough 🥺 it's still about city of life and f*** the critics f****** right in the ass who cares what anyone thinks .BE HAPPY SLEEP A LOT it's about happiness......I want to move to Japan and  and  married to the Idol's in the group clara 💕💕💕
As a viewer, my opinion is: fuck expectations, fuck trying to cater to people, and fuck trying to not let people down. I think what people like best is when you do what YOU want to do, and what YOU enjoy, as opposed to just trying to do what you think people want to see. It's the age old advice "just be yourself, don't try to put up a mask, don't try to act a certain way, just be _you_" The real people will be happy as long as you're doing what makes you happy, and the people who complain aren't worth your time and effort anyway
pewds, im so glad that its someone as reflective as you who has experienced this social surge of youtube. we get to hear firsthand the philosophy and rationalizations birthed from this individual phenomenon you experienced. thank you for staying true to yourself in this, even after you got caught in the waves. i resonate with your reflections.
Ily peweds
i just realize i actually spent less time watching yt after felix move to Japan    it's like I'm turning from 9yo to 12yo
Nice Audezes
bro has two waffle makers on his head
Pewds, a decade later and I still pop in to check every so often even if the content isn't what I view anymore. You're a good person who's done stuff but we all learn y'know? In the end, I think you're a good guy. I'll keep watching you until you decide it's time to stop.
He says he doesn’t care until people get bored of his content and his revenue dips and then he’ll come pandering back to his audience:)
Would like to thank you for everything, Pewdiepie. I have enjoyed all of your gaming videos- you make us feel as if we're playing too. Your humor is second to none. God Bless and wish you the best in all of your endeavours.
Couldn't stop staring at his forehead
Yesss!! Don’t quit please!!!!! I love watching your videos!!!!!  I’ll watch your videos forever hahah!!  ❤️❤️❤️❤️
He has senioritus, except instead of highschool, he's rich and sees no purpose other than women
thanks for still being here pewds, u are my hero and thank you for bringing a whole new world to me, more power to you💪💪❤❤👊
I feel like I've grown up with Felix and his content changes somehow reflected on my life at the time. Back when I was a teenager I enjoyed those really loud videos where something crazy was always happening because they distracted me from the struggles we all go through at that age. Now, having become more of an adult I enjoy these slow paced videos. I no longer need to fill my head with a bunch of exciting things because I find the simple things of life just so much fulfilling. I also notice I don't need an upload from Felix everyday, cause I have work and I keep myself busy. Getting a video from him from time to time is like catching up with an old friend. You don't need to spend every living moment with them as when you were younger, but you love them and appreciate them just as much.
Been bro fisting my screen since 2014 always love the content and the person you’ve become over the years 💖
Pls dont quit
Don't stop making videos Felix because it's written on you channel that ( i make videos)
Tbh I just watched cause marzia was so hoT- I mean her accent is so cute. ❤️🫂 I hope Edgar lives a beautiful life. T-series is terrifying. Cocomelon is 😮
yes agree felix do more japan vlogs !
wee want you here,you make our lives eeeasiier
So you rage quit youtube but right before you went back to the home menu you unpaused the game and got back in. Nice! 👀
sub
We are here for you pewds. That’s it!
Pewdiepie has been a breath of fresh air my whole life. When growing up was hard he was a great reminder that the whole world wasn't that current shitty situation, and now that I'm adult his presence and his personality still feel the same way. On days where it feels like the whole world sucks, this place and this community is a reminder that he is still here, still doing his thing. Almost feels like a connection to reality, a connection with my old self, and a reminder of my own growth. Like my own home. I've loved enjoying and growing along with this channel, as it gets me through some of the hardest days. Thank you so much man.
You can’t say YouTuber without saying pewdiepie. I think you should just do videos when you feel like it.
Wholesome Pewds
please don't quit Youtube
Pewdiepie is legendary now im fucking proud!!
Is it the money?  I bet it's the money.
"I feel like I'm motherfucking STUCK, in this DUCK, it makes me wanna QUACK"  I'll never forget that day. That's the day I was introduced to PewDiePie. I didn't even speak english back then 😂
If you choose to leave. We can respect that but leave us with a "BRO FISTS" the classic one. If you still decide to stick around then i'll stick around
Play fortnite
Wow your accent really got better over the years your Swedish is faint
don't those headphones cost like 7k ?
Watching your videos have always made me smile ❤
Bro fist made my eyes well up
Long Live King Pewds 👏👏
don't quit you have work so hard to get here always remember where you started if you feeling lost and want to quit.I feel the same way too because I have blog and I work 4 years to get my blog where I am today sometimes I feel the same way but I know put so much time and energy so why would I let go of something I really love I hope this helps you feel better!
when you enjoy what you do, you end up being really good and it seems genuine
i really liked this video, now i know what to expect from this channel and get accustomed to it. I will miss the old type of content, but at the end, i just want to see of pewds do content
time to start planting trees and feeding rice to poor people to feel dopamine again
He still here bc he's gonna drain his account for all it's worth first
This is why Pewdiepie is the Goat of Youtube
Just quit ?
Bro uploads a 7 min video Gets millions of views
Waves will be bigger during typhoons. That's getting closer, so it's advisable.
I've been following since Amnesia days. The gaming corners of YT where youtubers collab with each other and play (and back then it was you and Ken and this certain person we do not speak of) was the comfort I needed during those rough school years. There came a curve where I do not like where the content went and I unsubbed, and then subbed again on my old account, then unsub, then sub, and then unsub.  Change is inevitable and I wish people realize that you do not need to stay and be the same thing for the entirety of your life. Whether you want to make gaming content or vlog content, it really is up to the person in the end. And whether the viewers want to stay or not, its up to them as well.
Fame is a thing
I remember I started watching you when you  first collaborated with Smosh and I’ve been watching ever since. I understood what you meant by retiring and how the day you stop is when it’s not fun anymore. The true bros know. Love you Felix thanks for being a huge part of my life and I wish all the best for you Marzia and the Pugs. ❤👊🏽
We love you Pewds!!! We love you like a mother 😂 anything you do we’ll be proud of.
Do colab or interview
If you’re happy, we’re happy. Love you Pewds.
My kids who were 3-5 yrs old at the time enjoyed watching you on my account. They are all growned up, and me here still watching Felix 🥰
PewDiePie going through Musashi Miyamoto phase
you know what, you got all that money. You should re open the japanese arcades they shut down....ofcourse weigh your options and consider the business model but they closed the arcades man what the heck!!!
Mountain top is somewhere you visit, not live forever
What is that muted gong noise?
I will always be here for any content at any pace which you choose to upload it. You do you Felix
OSHIT PEWDS FIGURED IT OUT. (J/K...kinda. :p ) Seeing the evolution of you and your channel has actually been one of the few positives I can pull out of my entire YouTube experience. You do you, man.
pls play fnaf security breach
your career and accomplishments are clearly well deserved over the years, its been a fun time following and keeping up with all of your journey. cheers
От тебя одписуюця
i farted a big chunky smell fart
I love that you are stilll here.  but those headphones are waffles on your ears teehee
Have you considered trying a new form of filming that interests you?
Pewds I will never get tired of watching your videos, no matter what content you put out. I realize you won’t be here forever but I always look forward to your posts. I hope you create content you actually enjoy and I’m sure we will feel your real energy through that. Brofistttt
i love this. you do you! here to support!
I bet those headphones sound amazing....but look like a pair of coffee tables on your head :P
We love you Felix! ENJOY THE NEW CHAPTER OF YOUR LIFE!
Thank god u're still here <3
When you feel like it
Just play games
You should help smaller channels and invest in channels
You should be buying businesses and expanding your empire.
Are those headphones HiFiman or Audeze?
pewds spin off is fun tho
i grew up with u, im an adult now. im happy that you actually continue making videos u like to make and enjoy ur life as it is. we dont need a schedule, just an upload now and then, that u actually care about is fine with me
Man, we love you. Don't worry. Keep posting, quit, post a video every four months... Do whatever. At this point, you should know most of your audience just wants you to be happy.
Don't quit dude, just make videos when you feel lt
Beautiful video love how you do YouTube for fun 👍🏼
Upload till your dying
You’re still young, enjoy the next chapter.
Mad props to Felix.  Still doing his thing.
Seriously. Never been better. You seem happy. Its so fun to see this. The videos are so sincere and just great.
Brofist 👊
legend
Love you man I kinda grew up with you
Youtube is already saturated and fast paced. Your channel feels like home. I grew up watching you and during my toughest time you were an escape when I don’t want to confront my situation. I’m older now but I still comeback. Thank you for staying Felix.
you're just grown
I have been a subscriber for a long long time and I have seen you grown and seen you and Marzia grow your relationship and I will admit I’m gonna miss the meme reviews and stuff like that but a true fan would not be worried about that I’m so so happy you and your wife have found a safe and happy place to live and thank you for every single laugh ever I still love watching your videos and always will, you have helped me through a lot of stuff and I will always be thankful for that I’m glad that you have found a stopping point for everything and you can live the life you have always wanted I love the blogs man much love bro 👊
Just do what you want man. We are just here to support you. 👊
I love to see PewDiePie in YouTube because it make me happy  PewDiePie is part of YouTube this what I feel   Also I would like to see PewDiePie playing games because he is the best as always  Thanks PewDiePie for everything ❤🌷
love you pewds ❤
Stop growing up, danm it.  I grew up once.  I didn't like it.
People sometimes changed Felix , and its okay to change because world is changing too , but one thing for sure is that , it happened and we all cherish every memory of it.   Maybe its indirect to you but the reason im still here because of you , whether its your gaming content , meme content , i enjoy every single one of it.   Its been alot of fun pewds and i respect every single one of your decision.
I've been subscribed since 2013/2014, and even though some content was ofc not my type I always come back. Happy to see you're doing well
Whatever decision you make we will support you pewds
Please don’t ever stop uploading.
Fridays with pewdiepie :')
Felix videos always make me so happy, idk why
will support u pewds no matter what ! so glad to see u so genuinely happy and self contented. we’ll always stick around cheering u on thanks for being u !!!!
DO YOU PEWDS
bro i have an idea, do ocassional random videos where you upload one of your old videos, i think it would be fun.
<3 <3 <3
create a anime review channel
youtube is a distraction that’s the whole point, people open youtube or any social media/video sharing platform to escape reality or just to have a good time even if it something as insignificant as memes and drama. it’s just is what it is
MEME REVIEW SO GOOD!!! KEEP IT UP!
Imma be honest. Your happiness is my happiness. Do whatever you like man. Bros for life haha.
You moved to Japan?
Pewdiepie why don't you do animie reviews like an episode of one piece or something like that
I'm here since 2011. It's been a ride, I cannot believe it's been 10 years but it's been. I'm happy that I had this online journey and that my youth years will be marked by Pewdiepie being a main thing for me on Youtube. Fun times, let the future roll in. Let it take us where we want to go
I have stopped watching every pewdiepie video like I use to, but every time I stumble across one of these I can't help but enjoy it. Even if Felix has all the money in the world, he still provides jobs and opportunities to people that need it. I very much still appreciate the content and if I ever want to binge some pewdiepie content I have it :)
good to see pewds with a beard again <3
Been watching since 2012, I was around 9 at the time. It's been quite the journey. Tack för alla skratt.
I think I speak for a lot of people when I say, you do you, no matter the content, if it's something that you're happy to share, we're happy to watch.
Don’t quit fam. I see those books behind you. Please do some book reviews.
This man passed Youtube. That is fucking wild.
I prefer how it is now. Making videos you actually want to make and when you actually want to make them is very important for your own mental health, and it also means higher quality content for us as viewers because it’s stuff that you’re more passionate about making. Thank you for being such a genuine person, Felix❤
You’ve helped a lot of people through a lot of shit. When I started watching you back in 2013-2014 it was pretty bad for me in a couple ways. Being able to have fun and laugh at your headass through the years has definitely helped me alot. Saved me even. Other people feel the same and some people don’t. They just never had to go through it. I’m sure we all love you cause I sure as hell do. Thanks for everything. ❤
wait..the legend is back?
Be a dad already
I'm here for years now and I really appreciate you still doing videos. I still like your content although it's different than your past ones. It feels like growing up together and therefore growing out of some things. I'm happy as long as you are happy and I'm really enjoying every video you upload. Keep going as long as you want with content you want to do. Thanks for still staying with us 👊
Memes are funny though, stop reading into it too much bro taking life too serious!
We're all so glad you didn't quit Felix!! I feel that the reason you've made it so far in your YouTube career is that underneath all the cute and funny jokes, your followers know you're a real, nice, and genuine person!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  You are a huge part of my late childhood, and early teens, and even now being almost 23 you are a huge part of my life and I love you and Marzia to pieces I wish you both nothing but bliss and pure happiness!!!
Times flies when we're having fun. Been great but not over stay real brother.
here i am, here i remain
Much love, been around since the Happy Wheels days tuning in an out. Really proud that you found happiness in just being you as a creator. Whether you fully retire or continue this journey i’m sure i’m right to say the majority of us are just happy to have had experienced your growth as a person & the evolution of content. Thank you for entertaining us all for so long, all things unfortunately even the greatest things in life must come to an end sometime so we’ll continue to enjoy even the smallest of updates. 👊🏼
i love this for you felix
You do you!! You "retire" when you and your wife decide it's time for you to!! Have fun!! I LOVE the videos you and CinnamontoastKen do!! You guys have a hilarious dynamic and crack me up!! My kids laugh at me because I watch some of your videos now, they used to watch you all the time growing up! They are now 23 and 21. I am 42 and am just now starting to watch you... but I don't watch gaming channels... So I watch the other stuff you do!! You're young, enjoy your life, enjoy your wife and pups, and enjoy Japan and surfing!!!!
I found u because I entered a title of vr
Gotta say I've loved watching your videos over the years whether it was for hours every day or catching a video once every few weeks. I was 14 in 2012 when I started watching your videos, and I'm 24 now which is just crazy. I watched you grow into the man you are today while I grew up myself. It's pretty awesome. You're a great guy and I think it's so cool that you started as this guy that parents didn't want their kids "exposed" to for your foul language and crude humor, and now you're someone people genuinely look up to. The world sure is a funny place.
You have no clue how much you mean too us. Do what makes you happy!
When will you and Marzia have a child so he/she will continue making videos for your channel?
W PewDiePie
I am so excited for the "new" way you post videos. I love you two!!
Thank you for sharing this with us, I wouldn't quit you came this far why quit. 👍
I remember really enjoying the Starship Troopers video analysis. Would love to see you do some video essays/docs on topics you're interested in
That BROFIST touched my heart again ! <3 love you still... for over who knows how many years
MAN DO YOUR THING upload daily or weekly whatever, get mil of views or get hundreds it doesn't matter, at this point u are doing side quests, the main game is complete,  so please enjoy the rest of it with us, it's your dream and career at the end, don't end it becaue its expected or whatever,   don't retire at a specified date, goodbyes are sad .
Pewdiepie’s haircut makes him look buff
The headphone is an Audeze LCD-4, for anyone wondering
Tom Brady of YT😂😂
Do what makes you comfortable Poods you’ll always be loved as long as you are happy , we appreciate sharing your life with us too ❤❤ 👊🏻 to infinity ♾ and beyond
I followed you since your early days when I was still in primary school, that was possibly like 2011-2012 I have no idea but it was during the peak amnesia days, Id come home and watch compilations of you screaming, my mother would hate me watching you thinking youre vulgar and over the years Ive basically watched you grow and I grew with you  Youve done super dumb shit no doubt but Im happy youre at where you are today, I may not see a gaming video like how I first started but I enjoy your content and would wait for an upload when you got time  Look after yourself :))
i want yu to be filti frank or joji before upgraded
Man it really feels soo good looking at pewds happy but........ I really dont want him to quit... one vid a week would be fine... anyway u just being u is what we here for to see c: we support whatever u do!
I feel like people who have been watching you from the beginning, like me, are growing along side with you. And we appreciate the content you are doing at the moment. I loved you when you were playing games, I enjoyed meme review and now I’m very much enjoying your Japan vlogs. So just keep doing what you wanna do and be yourself. Glad you are happy Pewds. Greetings from Czech Republic❤️
I have followed for 10 years. I'm not the same girl I was 10 years ago Pews. I appreciate you growing as well as myself. Do whatever makes you happy. True followers Will be happy that you are happy Felix.
Thank youu Pewds!!!! ❤❤
All I want is that youtubers makes video that they want to make :)
I never thought I’d comment under a video of yours… but I have to say, I honestly really enjoy your videos these days. Keep it up, enjoy life, you deserve to be happy.
i have been subscribed since 67.4M
I'm so glad you're doing what you enjoy!
You gotta realize a lot of people watch you because we love you pweds!❤️ not because of the content
This just proves that you made the right decision for YOU to try with YouTube all those years ago. You always enjoyed doing this and everything else just came with it. At the same time it’s  great you reconnected with everything else important in your life. Life is all about balance and you deserve to enjoy your home life away from youtube as well.
pewds could do the most random stuff id watch it
That's right pewds  Keep going, this is your channel and we watch it because of you, do whatever you want but keep doing YouTube.
Pewdiepie realising his channel is dying, sad times.
I just want him to be happy and upload what makes him happy not the company not the social metrics of it just for the fun. I love and have fun when he's actually having fun
Bro still pulling 3 mil views though😊
Did... Did you just give us the brofist...
i was worried i was gonna hear what i always feard but thank god you said you were gonna keep goin. remember how much your videos lighten up the mood of people like me and make life easier to go through
❤
Amazing video but good grief those headphones look atroceous
You should do the opposite of what people say they don't know
Brofist
love you pewds
Japan good for him
Love your chanel growth! I've been watching since I was a young kid and feel like I've grown up with your content. You've changed a lot and I think that's what makes your chanel different than other old school channels, not fighting the changes but embracing them! I hope one day to find peace in life like you've found in Japan.
what are his headphones?
What a journey we have been through! Started watching since amnesia days, and man how things have changed! And the fact that the journey continues is just heartwarming. I don't mind what kinds of videos you make. I find all your videos entertaining! Bring us along the journey, so we can see all your new adventures and ideas, be it in a game, or in real life. Stay awesome bro!
bros 4 life
YESSSSS!!! HES BECOMING SELF AWARE!!! GOOD JOB DUDE. Been watching you since the early days and it was hard growing up . I haven’t been able to relate to you for a long time until recently. Really glad you’re starting a new chapter
money
I'm sure this comment will get lost, but i just found this channel in the last 2 years,  I'm not a gamer but i am around the same age and i feel myself changing as i get older,  new themes,  and it's been an interesting journey that he's going through too
We all care about you Felix. We are glad you didn't quit youtube.
Pewds got bongos on his head
Classic felix W
Felix I’m glad your still here and thank you.😊 I thank you because many of your videos make me smile, laugh or keep me going.😊 Your hey Monica I play when I need a uplift and one time you said short,simple, sweet unless you have receipts and your bitch lasagna and many others you just share something or give something to people that’s hard to find and I really appreciate it. Thank You! 👏☺️🤗
That brofist made me smile dude like damn, that's my childhood right there
It's so weird, I found pewdiepie as a young teenager, little, stupid and confused and I enjoyed all his videos, made my day on the boring and the bad days both school and home or whatever and now as an adult I finally understand he have accomplished pretty much everything he wanted to do over the 12 years, been a wild ride
can you give your channel to beastmaster64 when you quit?
Just dont quit!!
Don't worry pewds. We age same way as you do. We understand. Love lots.
Pewds is gonna be the first YouTuber to reach nirvana
Obligatory comment
Subscribe for no reason.... Hearing about you all the time from my annoying friends.
Why I didn't quit: Money
i'm proud of you  love you man :)<3
Lov ya man, continue doing whatever your doing, just be happy
ILY Pewds ❤
i feel that it's kinda emotional but i really appreciate you being so honest in sharing your feelings. support you in whatever you are doing
No matter what you do, i will always be your biggest fan pewds! I hope that someday i will get the chance to see you in person, and don't stop doing your best to entertain us! Keep up the good work pewds!❤️ From your biggest fan in the Philippines.
been here since i was 10 and i’m 21 now. whatever happens thank you for all of it
I understand I feel the same way I don't do videos but I just do what I enjoy whether it's books games movies going out just do you man if you want to share your experience go for it who cares if people complain about it it's like watching Seinfeld or friends its just a program about your life and your experiences and if people like they like it if they don't they don't everyone has their own opinions and stuff they enjoy like complaining about what you do on your channel it's your channel man I support it I like these videos of Japan and what amazing things that are there
Been here since Amnesia! It brings me so much joy that you've finally reached the point in your life where you can just relax and once again just upload for fun. We appreciate everything that you do!💗  P.S. been loving your Japan content lately :)))
lets bring back the book reviews cmoooon
Can this comment section save me from ending my own life ?
Anyone know what those headphones are? I want one
those headphones looks like you glued a set of your granddads speakers to your ears haha
How you been ?
Honestly you having fun is all that matters. Whether that comes from uploading 5 times a week or once a month or quitting, if you're happy with youself it's all good. We're happy you're still here and to me, it's obvious that your videos make you happy. But should that change and you decide that YouTube isn't for you anymore, that'll be fine. You do you :)
So happy you are still here and I am still loving your content! You’re awesome and I’m so happy you’re doing what makes you happy!
You can tell youre doing it for fun, and it honestly makes it even more enjoyable to watch. Keep having fun. PS. I really like the Japan vlogs, & I know others have been enjoying them too. They are cool.
Pewds we love you just the way you are
I much prefer watching your vlogs or when you play with friends because sometimes when I’m watching you play games or reacting to stuff it seems fake and put on but when you’re vlogging and stuff it seems like you’re genuinely enjoying it and it’s much more enjoyable to watch
What would you do for money if you quit?
Wdum avoid the drama youre the one that did awful shit this is so stupid
you could sell your channel and retire ! live a happy life with your wife in japan! obviously you would be missed and your content is well loved. follow your dreams!
I enjoy you for you. Do what you enjoy and I will enjoy it. Thanks for being great all of these years ❤
brofisted
zero deaths
Tbh pewds done everything at this point and it makes sense if he retires bc we all are growing up with him. And at some point we all will retire. Jobs, YT and much more.
PewDiePie I’m so mad at you you killed jeB he wanted to live you are so mean you are a monster I wonder what your friends will think!
Ive been here since Amnesia times and it really brings tears to my eyes knowing one day you might actually quit TwT. Brofist. Thank you for the all good memories!
Hey man, you made it. Now you wanna enjoy the riches. There is nothing wrong with that. Your channel could hit 0 tomorrow and it wouldn't hurt you in anyway. With that said awesome job choosing to enjoy life instead of stay behind a screen. Ill look forward to the videos here and there but go enjoy everything.
Nice guy man
quit allready
Don't quit!! Love watching your videos
💕
True bros are very proud of you!
Been a fan since I was 13,14 years old, I’m now 23! I’m glad you aren’t leaving we love you too much ! We would’ve supported you either way tho ❤  Also- take your time, love your life, we will be here whenever you’re ready
Please don't quit🙏😢 until you want too
More Minecraft
Damn, that was some low effort, low enthusiasm sheeeeeet
You deserve to enjoy YouTube again. Been here since 2013. We love watching for you! No matter what or when you upload
Bro 111m subs is like having the multiple countries support you. Who cares what other people think. If you feel like doing it, do it. 😁
Been watching from when i was 15 and now I'm 21 next month. Thanks pews for everything. You're videos were always there at every phrase of my life. I feel like every upload of yours has a different memory with me. I just cant thank you enough for everything. Love you 3000.
We'll always be here for you pewds♥
Bro living his life and shit ❤
Felix I know my channel won’t ever be as big as yours but I hope it grows one day ❤
What you always do is good enough :) because you are doing what you enjoy and always doing your best for yourself.
bro is wearing the waffle maker v5 headset lol. luv ur vids
Felix talking about serious topics like this after all these years of watching his videos day after day feels like talking to a good friend. Amen.
U should of lo
Brofist and barelsssssss
You’re an absolute legend 🙏
❤
Any1 else watching Felix while brushing teeth? Its my routine now . So dont quit or i stop brushing.. u r my Flossing routine xD
I witnessed the king from 100 subs to 100m. No matter what you do I will always love you pewds.
we love you no matter what 🥰 WAIT WHAT SURFING
do not quit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! You will always be the first in our hearts!!!!
❤
Hey idk if you read these but thank you for so many years of content I have been subscribed probably since I was 10 I feel like. (22) now. But I loved every step of the way thank you for your positivity and content really made childhood so enjoyable
You can’t quit…You still haven’t ruled the entire world
He has become the wise character in the story.
You’ve really matured over the years, I’m proud of you
Pewdiepew has been so enjoyable the last two years. You can tell he enjoys making his videos and nothing feels forced.
Bros literally Tom Brady of YouTube😂
Bro I totally understand and applaud this video! Thank you for sharing this with us, and thank you for any future parts of your life and your time that you give to us.
Ahhhhhh yes, the fakest person on YouTube
On what side are you zeljko mitrovic or baka prase pls answer
Bruh just make videos when you want and about whatever you want
WE LOVE YOU PEWD, IM GROWN UP TO WATCHING YOUR VIDEO, AND NOW IM 29 AND STILL WATCHING YOUR SCHTT, SO KEEP DOING AND FCK HATERS!
Love you man
Pewds, you have been a happy place for me. You got me through a lot with play throughs when I was going through a rough childhood. I love your content when you have fun- and still, after long hard days, I go back to your videos to watch you have fun and I laugh along. Thank you so much for everything you do, Felix!
I’m glad he didn’t
W
Im so glad Felix isn't quitting yet 😭 I love seeing the after part of 'happily ever after' yk?
more book reviews!
Been a while again since i've watched one of your videos, I always love coming back to your channel just to found out you're doing better and better, and still either experimenting new content or just posting what you feel like. I see a lot of people stuck in the race to 1k, 100k, 1million and it feels like everybody lost track of what's great about being a content creator, which is creating content.  So tired of seeing a bunch of channels just trying to be the next big thing... didn't know i needed to watch this today, but here we are, tysm Felix. Stay truthful man.
It's better to make videos that you want to make. I think that leads to more interesting videos for the viewers too. I stopped watching most of your videos for a long time because it was obvious that it was just a thing you were doing, not somethng you felt compelled to do. That goes for any channel on youtube. People think they need to stick to their brand to get the views, but I always get tired of watching them because it's obvious they're tired of doing it.
You're so wise Felix. Not many people figure this kind of stuff out this early in life. I hope you continue to enjoy your life and do what makes you happiest 😇
I can endure 5 ads for you on your videos, pewds!!  Love you!
All I ask is to just bring Minecraft or start another hardcore world
Why do people think you should quit just because you made enough money and could maybe not even grow that much anymore? Doesnt make sense to me..
I gotta say, I love the way this channel evolved, it's been years following you and each chapter is even better than the previous one. Maybe it's because I'm your age, so I feel like you speak my same language and go through the same introspection processes than me, but I've really come to appreciate the company your videos provide while I'm living my own life. You are a true source of inspiration and joy.  I can't wait to see what the future will bring 👊🏻
i love the uploads! please do the content that makes you happy. we love this new style!
Take it at your own pace. I know I throughly enjoy this time of change.
Man 18 now time is going by I'll be devastated when pewds mark and Jack call it quits... My childhood and still watch them... Love that you're still here Felix!
youre living your best life and i love to see it
18% in USDT per month. Link on my channel
I can’t believe I’ve been watching pewds for 8 years. Since I was 12 Ngl I used to sneak on the juvie school iPads just to watch him when i was 15/16. I’m now 20, in college with a one year old living my best life. Pewds, mark, and Jack have gotten me through my rough times. I will always be appreciative of what each one posts. Much love❤
You’re literally the reason i made a YouTube account to begin with haha, i watched you before even having a phone. Thanks for being there dude, do what makes you happy
I can't believe anyone would seriously want felix to quit. I feel like he's kind of like a friend I like to check on. I liked the philosophy videos and the japan videos are kind of nice too. I love your perspective and humor. You seem like such a nice, genuine person. I'm really glad to see you're doing well.
I noticed that Audeze LCD-2. Pewds is moving towards proper Hi-fi gears now, Goodbye to those crappy Razer ones 🤣
ngl this is cool what u are doing but your 2017 era of being an annoying teen made my life have some smiles ty pewds ty
❤️
🤜
I hope you stick around. You are after all the man who started it all, that put Youtube on the map. You're why we're here now.
Sveriges stolthet🙌🙌
This is such a great video, and really challenges the unfortunate notion of our culture and how we view success.  Everyone is part of this rat race, and we don’t get to have quality moments - everything is more shallow. And it’s reflected in Felix’s videos - the gaming era was about having fun, he was able to shine his personality through, it’s low pressure. The meme review era was shallower, since there’s more pressure to produce quantity over quality - it’s not as fun anymore, but you can’t step back now. And now Felix is in such a beautiful part of his life where he’s been able to go through the ups and downs, and come to terms what success truly means to him. Being able to do activities we love, sharing our lives in quality ways with our closest friends and family, having opportunities to adventure and great experiences.   These recent videos have been so heartwarming, so humbling, and inspiring. You don’t always need to be on top to feel like you’re on top.
Bra it’s not that deep for a lot of us lol just upload what you want 🤷‍♀️we will watch it, I think vids in Japan are cool I don’t think I’ll ever get to visit so this way I kind of can see a lil bit of Japan and what it’s like. Or watch ever you upload YouTube is a distraction for us normals lol 😂
An audio / listening recommendations would be really cool
You shouldn't felix
Aight.
I hope he sees this... Bro , you can't just quit , you can't be selfish as a youtuber , you have people involved emotionally. Personally i've been with you since day 1 , and i feel like i know you , like you're my friend. I was in highschool when i started watching you eating cereal before school.. Even now , after all the shit in my life, i'm married with kids , i still watch you , it's a journey we've all spent together.. If you quit , it'll fell like you've died and i lost a really good friend..
it feels weird that all of the solo YouTubers that get famous do other stuff after they get the fame, like, people go to acting, music, sell their channels, start a company, create a group to capitalize on... but Felix never did that, he was, is, and always will be the greatest Youtuber of all time. Thank you Pewds, brofist out...
"one best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something.He inspires me to increase my subscribers
<3
we will always love you Felix
Got motivated again  Thanks pewds
Upload everything you like to but also always having fun as you said, most of us will stay with you in all of those moments that you choose to share with us. Keep up the good work Felix ly!
Keep it up bro, never stop uploading a video
We always be there ´cause he is authetic after all and throughout his journey, he made the youtube what it is today, let’s never forget that ! Now, it felt even more true ! Big props to you Felix and be happy with your new life in Japan with Marzia, And have a « cliché » happy ever after ! <3
I guess its called Passion. means it hard to quit when making video is what u do for life. u can always take a break maybe upload once in a week just to spend more life than making content if u like. take it easy man <3 btw thats a fire headphone yooooo
thanks for still being here ❤️
Loyalty is more important than just subscribership. The writing for the future of YouTube was on the wall, the minute it hit South Park. You own the brand, face it... "Just stream games!" What a concept!?
ive been around since elementary and now im a senior in hs! I grew up watching you and loved every kind of video and change that you went through. I appreciate every minute u create with ur videos, forever support <3
Good luck for your new chapter in life pewds Will be here
Pewds don’t quit your doing great
i love u felix <3
This Is The Way I Like Pewds <3 We`re All With You, Pewds! ♥
You know PewDiePie is dead when Felix begin to act like a grown up.. 😷
God I love this channel
Im glad that you choose to stay 💕
Totally makes sense, you're finally at the point you can enjoy YouTube at a slower pace, something a lot of us are striving. Enjoy the fruits of your labor man, you deserve it
Dude you are Emperor of YouTube.
You might not have quit back then, but that's sadly when I lost my daily routine of checking your newest upload :( It was good times, I still pop in from time to time though. I probably always will. Just like with Tibia.
hi
love you Brofist
Have fun Pewdiepie 😊
maybe the 'distractions' is all we need. at least i do. i remember enjoying pewnews, meme review just to get a few good laughs just to get it going with my life. sure at some point you will say "this is stupid, such a wasted time" but it has THAT point. otherwise, still enjoying what ever u uploads. keep it real.
You can challange T series but you are fail
Love how you just keep growing, and your viewers and community, will grow with you. Hope you enjoy your life in Japan and just do you, hope you just live happily with your marzia and your dogs.  People will always be here for you, Felix.. *Brofist
Okay hear me out: if you and Marzia have a kid - PewDiePie, CutieDiePie and TootiePie !!
Glad I was here❤
Hey Felix, Honestly Thank you for the smiles, man I started watching you when I was about 11, I'm 19 now and life is kicking me so hard right now I made bad decisions, and it feels like my life just began and ended right after I don't have a lot of hope right now and it feels like things are getting harder every day, I have the ideas and ambition to do what is necessary in my life I just don't have the right mindset maybe? am I just lazy? But even when I feel I'm at my lowest you help me feel better thank you truly thank you for helping my innocents stay just a bit longer than most.   Ps. We may never be "friends" but thanks for being my best friend :)
Felix as much as you are an incredible entertainer, I think that a lot of us watching your videos see that you have value outside of being entertaining to watch. I'm sure a lot of people have learned valuable information and good habits from the exercise commitment (me), the monthly reading videos, how to deal with certain things on YouTube etc. I hope you'll never quit YouTube, because someone this big doing the things they want on a platform that basically forces you to gain views all the time is inspiring to other creators
❤❤❤❤ love u pewds  and good luck on your new chapter in life
Now THIS is peak content. when it's done for fun, and not for the sake of creating content. Keep up the fun bruh.., we - including you - need it.
Don't give pew vibe
hello pewdiepie  my friend !! I from Brazil, Do you speak portuguese?
❤
You have more subscribers than MrBeast
We are happy to see you grow <3
Man keep this up the content you have made is amazing and keep on going!!
Chill Bro ig you should take a break and travel
pls shout out me
BEN KOMUTAN LOGAR
PORÇAYLAND
r/BURDURLAN
BEN ELRAENN
I AM A WEREWOLF WARRİOR
I AM A WEREWOLF
YAŞASIN IRKIMIZ
TÜRKİYE>>>>>>
PLEASE GANG
ARKADAŞLAR LÜTFEN YASUO BANLAYALIM
just keep going love - you can do anything - just at your own pace x
I've grown up with you and your channel has been a constant thing in my life since 2012 (when I was 12!) And I've honestly been wondering how it would feel to never have you upload again. I think it would leave a big hole in my life. Even when you've been on a break or whatever, I've still watched old videos just to not miss you (?? Idk hahah) I'm just so glad that you get to do whatever you want to now and do the things that makes you happy and content with life♡
honestly if you just posted a single vid per week watching tiktok its enough for many please just to have that feeling and reassurance that our bestie is still with us ~
no matter what i will support you and my all time favourite youtuber. It has been a long journey with you, from pewdiepie vs T series, memes, yt rewind, pewnews, and getting marry with Marzia, minecraft thinking back it was just insane what a journey we have come keep doing you pewds we always love you on what you are doing. FLOOORRR GANGGG OUGHHHHHH
One of my most fave corners in the internet. I love the character development too. You do you Pewds 🥹✨ (and I will still watch ehe)
God bless pewds.
I still remember when this guy hit 30 million subscribers way back in 2013 (I think) and how amazed everyone was, how time has flown.
Felix you inspired me to start reading 😊 always like the informative videos
I love the content your currently doing. It makes me feel happy and your Japan videos are so comforting and cozy.
You cant quit because youre addicting to the feeling of connectivness and the fact that people care. Just admit it 2:18
Winner never quite, and a quiter never win. H-8
I've never been a heavy PewDiePie viewer and as much as I like the pace of the Japan videos, I don't really have much patience to go through them. It had been a long while since I last sit down to watch a video here, and then today I had the strangest dream that I was visiting PewDiePie and Marzia. And when wife woke up she told me she had dreamt we were visiting Sweden and looking for a place to eat. So here I am watching a PewDiePie video and glad he didn't quit after all. Cheers from Brazil.
please dont go ..your videos make me feel so good
Anyone know what headset he's using. looks sick imo
Pewdiepie deez nutz
I'm excited that we get to be part of the journey!
I have been watching you since 2011... You always felt like a big brother for me, personally... Always enjoyed your content and always made me happy... I have known you more than my own two younger brothers lol, it feels wierd. But I love it. We grew up together and I understand. Hope you get the answers to the questions you want to be answered,,, and the light to shine your path wherever you are.  I don't care if you upload or not anymore, I'm just happy that it happened and I knew it'll be a major part of my life forever, no matter what.
the moral of the story:  our boy has become old and too lazy to do youtube.
I really appreciate his perspective on making "shallow" content as he says and how he doesn't feel the need to keep growing feels accomplished enough as a youtuber. Others could learn a thing or two from him
.
aga set-up kurcam para atsana 2000 dolar yeter
Smash that like button
He's baaaaaaaaaack! Love ya man, love to see it. Stay with us a long long time
I’ve been watching you since I was in 6th grade. Life was rough as a child and I always watched your videos and forgot about the bad for a bit. Never stopped watching ever since. I’m really glad i got to grow with my favorite youtuber. Thank you Pewds. Brofist👊❤
Can you please do 2 liways every month
I do totally think that the key to social media is actually having fun and doing something that you love ❤
Ik youtube is dying
From past one year same subs...
My old companion  I missed you
T series said hello
30000000 + are still watching u know
This just might be my personal preference, but the Pewds that is happy and having fun or just being his real authentic self… those are the videos I like the most. ❤ I personally don’t care about what type of content it is tbh. I just like watching your videos and seeing what’s new with you and your life. Or what new books, games, theories, hobbies… anything really. I think it’s cool how YouTube has evolved this way. So that videos can be whatever the creator wants. It is all interesting to me bc I respect you as a person and I want to know what things you are interested in lately.
OK hear me out.  I think I prefer his content now. I find it more fun and engaging and I enjoy his Japan vlogs.  I actually feel this way with the big 3 jacksepticeye markiplier and pewdiepie.  I love how their content have matured. It's better now in my opinion. Or that might just be because I've gone over throughout the years but I like the content now so I really don't see this as a problem.   I know while writing this I made a lot of syntax errors but I'm too lazy to correct any of them.
Thank you for the amazing memories and being a place where I can escape reality when I was younger. It’s been great while it lasted and I’m happy for all your achievements and I hope you still post here and there. Pretty sure you’ve solidified yourself as a legend! Now that we are all grown please do yourself a favor and keep living life and enjoying it!
Even if you quite YouTube we all in the community will still support through out the years
You do realize people work jobs for 40+ years. You quit the easiest job in the world😂
I like the pewds “humanity” videos.
You lost your purpose Felix
HEY FELIX! WHEN ARE YOU COMING TO SWEDEN TO TAKE PART OF LETS DANCE AND/OR MELODIFESTIVALEN?!?! :)
I'm glad you're doing what is fun and fulfilling for yourself!
Thnks Felix, ive been following youe since i was like 13 years hold and now that i am 24 you became like a role model but i feel you like a friend or a big brother, love you man, i wish you are happy and thnks again, i choose to search that "freedom" that you are talkin because of you, thats my goal
Don't do it pls your subscriber loves you yo have fans don't be dead i know you are stress and fed up but still dont
Wow this man has grown so mooch very proud of you man keep doing you truly!!  ⭐
You're not the same anymore... How wrong I was about you 😳😅
Jordan Henderson?
I love your Japan era you. You seem so much more relaxed and at ease. Feels like whenever you do upload we’re checking in with an old friend 😊
bruh 11 years
❤️
been so long since see pewdipie video, i don't know when he said "i'm retiring". but when i see his video lately, i know that this is not pewdipie persona, but it's felix
You do you pewds, whatever and whenever! You’ve got our support. I enjoy your content and especially your personality so all the best for whatevers coming for you! Will be here.
im happy when i tinhk you are still around, no matter the frecuency. Sorry for being selfish but please dont go :_(
w0ww
all in for the positivity and growth👊
Enjoy Japan , we will be still here....i think...bye !
im happy for you my friend
Hopefully someday I can achieve my goals. 🤗
You know, i've pretty much learned how to speak english watching your videos, i've seen you grow for the past 9 years and i've grown as well, it makes me incredibly happy thinking about it. Good for you man.
That brofist part got to me dude. Cheers to growing up together🥂
I can imagine, all these days waiting to move out to Japan, made you enjoy it now even more you've possibly expected to. It's never good to burn a bridge, even if you'd leave for a while as you once did, it's never late.  Happy for you guys and peace! <3
We love you man, we are happy if you're happy!
Dont quit please it'll be like loosing a friend heart breaking
Pewdiepie was my first youtuber I subscribed because of his gaming content. Still remember back then at 2014 I first discovered Pewd. Not many youtubers did gaming video.  I'm happy to be along the journey. Still remember you tried the occulus VR at the first time. I enjoyed it so much.
Kind of sad, but it's really heart warming. I enjoyed my teenage and break times when im not rrally doing anything just watching pewdiepie. Thank you, youve been apart of our lives. As time past by you change and we change as well and it's amazing up until now we enjoy watching pewds. It's like a HOME in YOUTUBE.
I really love and admire you
What else is there to do? Sleep? Poop?
Shut the fk up, bros don't quit just start gaming week
You keep on inspiring love you
You are rich now, Quit Youtube please?
I propose an idea. If all he wants to feel the joy of when he started his channel, then he should start over with a new one. Make a new channel and then there will be the wonder at the beginning of you career again. Like this comment if you agree with me. I think that pews should hear this so recommend as much as possible! Bye  P.S. he could name it PewDieCake!
love u bro. keep doing what makes u feel good.
W pew
Honestly as someone who grew up watching Felix I am just so proud to watch his growth. I love to see how mature he has become over the years. It’s strange because I’ve watched many YouTubers, but Felix and Marzia are the two people I “idolize” because I respect their personalities. They don’t let others sway them despite all of the opinions and critiques they receive. They are two people who have come together and made such a nice life for themselves. Growing up I never knew adults that weren’t petty and immature, and to see Felix’s growth it shows that I can do it too. It’s possible to grow up not being hateful or spiteful of everything. You choose to let things bother you, and when you choose to let it all go you’re more blissful in the end. I really do try to live my life with similar moral standpoints as Felix because he is just such an upstanding human. I really do respect him and I hope he and Marzia continue to have such a nice joyous relaxing life that they’ve built for themselves.
We love you, never quit!!! Keep going, we are with you till the end.
فيليكس لدينا ذكريات جميل معك منذ اكثر من 12 سنة انت لم تستسلم ومازالت مثابر على النشر كل هل مدة   اكثر شخص شجعني على يوتوب وفتح قناة هو انت قبل 12سنة وحققت امنيتي   شكرا لك
you do you bro
All Your VLOG in JAPAN REALLY LIKE PEWDS like bring me into the vibes bro, Fans from Indonesia
common wholesome felix W
thank you pewds🌻enjoy urself
Bro has tambourine headphones.
Felix, I am genuinely so happy to have had the privilege of following your journey. I remember watching your Heavy Rain Let's Play when I was still in high school (I am now 25, working full-time in a job I love!), waiting for a new episode to come out each day. You've accomplished so much. Now I'm loving the Japan videos. Whatever you do, I will always appreciate the things you do, the effort you put in and I hope the future holds even more for you! Thank you <3
:)
🌹🌼🌻🌻🌻🌻🌼🌹
you should really do another disstrack cuz that wud get you a lot of views , Please consider this comment bruhhh that wud revive your 107mil subscribers who are sleeping....(like this so that this comment reaches pewdiepie)
Thank you pewds for being my childhood icon. And now....you're my adult icon. You've really matured and seeing that change over the last 6 ish years or so makes me happy. Keep being awesome, brofist 👊
you should do bonsai in japan. :D get into trees :D
you do you mate! i love the japan vids! keep it up. we're here for you no matter what <3
We <3 you Pewds.
I've been watching you since i was 9 years old Felix, you've taught me a lot and given a lot of laughs. And seeing you finally got to japan and look so happy, really just makes me feel as if i have seen my big bro make it. Love you always!
Cute that a thousand is number first came to mind someone who operate on millions ☺️🙈
Pewds now is the pewds I wanted him to become and stop all that shallow jokester image  I would love to watch both the pewds but this current content is what I really really like.
and when we needed him the most, he came back
Bring back beastmaster 64
Pewds is the nicest millionaire out there
Those headphones are lit bro
will never forget the amnesia happy wheels bully times
To answer your title— “Because I need to get paid.”
Your vids are great, the moment when you are enjoying making videos, that feeling will get to us, just keep enjoying making videos at the rythim you like!!
Nice to hear from you ♡ we have one life, all of us should try to enjoy it. 👊
Miss you 🥲
Now, write a novel about a hero called Felix 'pewdiepie' Kjellberg going through an adventure through life while becoming a famous youtuber.
The degree of you feeling lame about your past, is how much you have grown.
Geez, I can't take my eyes of those headphone and my brain keep thinking it's a barbeque oven glued to his ears.
You deserve to retire early my man. We all love you.
No, I did not cry watching this video.... its just sweat running through my eyes 😊 😊
Really glad you’re still here, man. Having been to Japan several times I’m loving all the Japan content! Glad you’re having fun on YouTube and I hope you keep enjoying it. 😊
Nooooooo
We love you felix, we will respect whatever you decide on doing. You honestly helped me get through tough times when I was in high school. And now that I’m graduating college. I’m still your fan. You don’t know how much you are an inspiration and an anchor you are to some people. Keep being you and I wish you happiness. Brofist!
no hate nmto cinnamontoastken but i'd prefer pwediepie reaction videos rather than with ken, well its my preferences not like its important.
You don't need to thank anyone. This is your doing and yours alone. Never forget that.
Felix, I have been watching you for over 10 years now, you are an awesome human and I have grown with you. We (your viewers) are not the same either. We have all changed and grown. I'm hear for the next 10 years lol. Love you bro, keep killing it!
at this point i think that we watch your videos because we're invested in a wholesome caring kinda way and it doesnt matter what you post so long as its a positive to you. i dont think anyone cares about vlogs in general yet its always such a pleasure to watch yours. you bring good vibes no matter the content and in my opinion that is why you will always succeed on youtube, you're that awesome guy that we wish the best for.
We love you felix you were the first youtuber i ever watched and still watch 10 years later so THANK YOU, YOU ALWAYS THANK US BUT THANK YOU 🙏 ❤️❤️❤️
I think You found the Buddhist way... there's no meaning to anything.. all's gonna end at some point.. U grow numbers but at the end of the day what's the point.. I don't know about quitting but do what makes u happy. Do good things
Does PewDiePie earn money on YouTube? Like not even a single ad interrupt me from this video
if you don't wanna make videos anymore you could use your channel to showcase unknown youtubers you enjoy who are putting in quality work for little views and help them get ahead! like my friend /c/StudMuffinthePimp for example
Everyone don't understand he just matured like fully he realized how little life is
Brofist took my heart awayy
Love you pewds ❤️
A very powerful typhoon is approaching Japan. It may be the strongest in history. Be careful.
👊
We love you pewds
I am happy for him. He deserved this all. God bless him.
pls me subrice
Its almost like life itself  You do fun things when you're young Its about the money at middle age Then you go back to fun at old age
Hej
Been watching you since I was 11-12 years old. Every single video. The hard part for me when you retire 100% is to let you go. I know we'll have to someday. But I hope you always will be the Felix that we know. And that you and Marzia will be happy. I hope i'll get to see you one day. You're literally my favourite youtuber. If its possible, i'd look back on your videos when I grow old as well.
great, good greetings from tasikmalaya, I always support your channel, I like your channel even though I'm an Indonesian beginner YouTuber  ￼
I appreciate the heartfelt sentiment ❤️
cool to see that you enjoy youself! keep going! glad you still there :)
3 days later and it's still on Treding for gaming. The absolute King!!
I'm happy for you
Just for your informations, there are people who enjoy watching anything from you, I am 1 of them, thank you. So ! you do you, the thought that you and marzia are happy makes me happy and I don't need anything else 🌸
if you have retired making youtube videos in all but the content side of it. then how come you still do the occasional sponsor?
petition to make pewds play happy wheels again !!!!
Those headphones are WILD
Pew is in trouble somebody help him😰
I'm happy your happy, I deleted my whole channel after about 10 years, you might remember me SPEEDARMOR
final arc letsgo
hi pewdiepie
Hhhhhhhhhh  fack te se res yaaay i from 🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦And i love you
maybe you can make your own studios? Like an anime
Been watching pewds since i was in elementary I remember, and still watching him now (currently in college). I have been enjoying his content since day 1 and I'm very proud of him. Have fun in Japan Felix 🖤
Dont quit bro. Youre an icon for the youngsters
NEVER QUIT !
Retire and have babies 😈
the audese lcd-2 headphones 😩😩😩
I’m a freshman in Highschool and started watching pewds in 2nd grade. Thank you for not quitting.
I know that u live in Japan I know I smartest XD
Money is too good
A gamer never retire. Thy always come back when the time is nigh
as a person that’s been watching since 2012 and loved everything and all the changes through the years,, the bro fist really made me smile:)))
♥
i love you being here it’s always a safe place to come back to the channel:)))
This is the peak that corporations should reach. But you know what happens instead..
You cant quit man :P
you will always be the king <3
u r awesome
Felix is still a king of YouTube ❤ in our heart. Like to support felix 👍
if growth isn't important to you personally, you don't have to care about it. upload whatever you feel like sharing, and don't worry about it how it does on the platform. because you're beyond that point. do what you want to do personally.
Mama mia felix you're still alive boomer?
Thank you for being real.
Please give my channel a shout out 🙏
Please help get me a camera to help me on my channel 🙏
We don’t want you to quit! I have enjoyed your recent videos more than most of the ones you were doing before!
can some one please point out the massive cans on his ears
Been watching you since 2012. Man dude… You’ve gone so far. Half your audience committed suicide. The other half is still by your side
Never stop just keep doing what you want to do and I'll behere to watch it
petition for a Pewdiepie podcast!
I come back after months and you seem w i d e
PewDiePie is youtube
yo
don't quit
lowkey flexing the 2k headphones
Don't ever quit ur my favorite YouTube with out u I suck
I hope to meet you someday to just have a genuine talk, I’ll be famous sum day
I always remember 9-10 years ago, as a 16 year old, watching pewds play bully and amnesia. He brought so much joy to me in my teen days. I still love him now!  It's so cool to see one of your fave youtubers grow along side you, from a far. It's great to see how far you've come, Pewds! Thanks for all the laughter
Nah I’m ngl Felix, I’m in the exact position u started the video describing, you’re my comfort zone rn in this hell, I still haven’t made it in life so don’t quit YouTube yet 😅 for me pls, much love- K
Genuinely happy for you pewds😊
Play minecraft again
Reflecting back on the video of Sushant Singh Rajput, the one thing he said strongly was that life's all about doing what you love to do, and those things which give You the internal joy rather than others, and now that pewds is more financially secure, doing what he loves won't mean loss of money anymore. It's completely his choice. Ive seen you find joy on YouTube more than anything else. And thus, you shouldn't give up, and enjoy the climb :D
Nice
12 years and more than 111 million subscribers you truly are a legend
👊
Just loving to see anything you post! Entertaining is what you are by nature, at least how it feels like you are
Been here since the beginning and all I can say is happy Felix content is the best type of content. This is the most I've enjoyed your channel in a long time!
I have the actors curse and I'm currently starving myself over stupid lets play channel
Pewds is the first youtuber to survive youtube’s squid game
I know you don’t quite understand why your videos help us and through the years but I hope you know you’re really appreciated, we love you pewds, we love what you like to do
Kan you talk Swedish bcs i kan
love you pewds.
you are my ''tube' to the whole world! please keep doing that!
Can you do more Vlogs maybe? I used to love them personally.
Meanwhile his headphones look like microphones why are they so Huge
I am so happy that I see Felix enjoying his life and not stressing all the time about youtube. Do what you want to do dude, we will always be here for you 😁❤️
You're my best youtubeur and I don't hate MrBeast but you're the best!!!
Hi
i was so scared you were gona say that you are quiting! you feel like a old Friend and WHEN you quit its going to feel like losing a longtime friend 😅 thank you for charing!
No matter what you decide to do, I'll always be grateful for all the entertainment you've given us in well...the past decade. So just do whatever you feel like doing. I will keep enjoying the content you post for as long as you decide to keep doing this and even afterwards I'll remember the fun times for the rest of my life I'm sure.
Id rather see Felix having fun because its more fun for us. 🤗 ♥ I hope your -not- leaving. If you must or wanted to i guess but nothing from outside pressure for sure. Those people who've aske you to stop doing the vids and lives and etc "already" 🙄. Im glad you've been able to stay and having felt sad looking at youtube vids lately for their forced nature in sad times. I love the diversity of context and content formed by just letting youtubers be themselves as it og was. just watching his life evolve. Like normally it should/would. More orignality wouldnt hurt others whose channels havent been fun for them either. I just hope this catches on! 😄
Just quit ffs, ur a washed yt ;)
*You have my exact headphones!!* The Audeze *LCD-2* Open Back
ENJOY THE TIMMEEE FELLIIXXXXX
Jag gillar dina japan videos mer! Följde inte dig innan, nu gör jag det... People will come and go
Smiling like an idiot. I think there’s something so therapeutic about watching someone who’s at peace and happy just enjoying themselves and living life. Been here for over half a decade. Progression and change is truthful so it makes us feel closer to the channel. It feels more real and keeps things organic. You’ve nailed it pewds. Happy for you :)
I'm so glad felix didn't quit but at the same time i want felix to enjoy japan and  do whatever he really wants
Truly the GOAT YouTuber, keep being you 👑
You know, I've been watching your videos since the early days, including the content I didn't personally love, and I have never enjoyed your videos more than I do now. Seeing you content in your life and being lucky to get a glimpse of it really makes me happy and motivated to do something with my own. In a way, I feel like I grew up alongside you.
A god himself! Cheers Felix!
I'm almost 30. Everything I do or try is not gonna make me unstuck.
This is why im at 2 years
Ya like man’s I grown up with you like man I’m 22 now so much has happened in my life but you have always been one of the best parts of my life. Like I made a YouTube because of you but life had other plans for me but I’m still going to do it.
After pewds got 200M subs he will talk about quitting YouTube again.
High Key love the Japan adventure vids! Love seeing you be happy and enjoying yourself after all the hard work youve put in to see others smile and laugh with you! You do you and i know ill be along for the journey enjoying every moment of it.
PewDiePie fans : he has truly become the sage he was meant to be 😂
Keep growing. Not on YT, in yourself Pewds :)
Thank you, bro fist!
Do whatever you love and have fun doing it
Been here since the cod days, and will be here after what ever you decide to do man! Love your choices that you make, not everyone has this kind of control over their own live and the people that do have this control probably don’t have the nerves to do the switches you did. Proud to see my internet dad come to peace, proud to be part of this community, proud to be a bro. The coolest thing is that I have over ten years of memories with yours videos in them, thanks for all man! Still one of my favorites was the game where that you played and every time you died you deleted a happy wheels episode, good stuff👌 You where able to detach yourself from the world of the material, and like they say in the Buddhist world: you are enlightened. Keep up the good work and chill my man 🙏
I am glad u are still here 🙃
Two weeks later [ ITSSSSS GAMINGGG WEEEK ] ........................
The Eva unit in the back
I'll watch and love anything you upload  Love ya Felix 👊
I like the horror game reactions you did, some genuine fear in some of those videos. Post what you like, the vlog content is really interesting
Hey, i’ve been enjoying your content for the past 10 years or so, and I wanna say that every single “pointless” videos like meme review and pew news made my daily life so much more colorful and enjoyable. I watched your pew news over and over, even though I didn’t know the YouTubers you were talking about. I feel like I grew up and matured with your content, and I will always appreciate what you’ve done and will do!
dont quit please we love your videos…
Major respect to this man, been watching him for about 8 years now. Always wished I could start creating content but was always too scared to, very jealous of where he is in life. Props to him.
Back in idk 2016-17 I unsubscribe cause it was starting to turn into meme review and it was less video games but now I've gotten used to his reaction to cringe videos and vlogs
He is waring audeze lcd headphones which costs thousands of dollars lol
You are a cool bloke and I love supporting your passion . You have brought many years of joy , thankyou . We all grow and I ain’t mad if you move on . If you come to Australia I’ll take you surfing . Peace ✌️
i heard theres a strong typhoon about to land in Japan, stay safe Felix & Marzia, maya, edgar and the cables.
This audeze headphone is dope
Love it! Respect!!
You are an inspiration. Pls just do whats fun for you.
been watching since the beginning of happy wheels and i’ve grown up watching your stuff,exited for what the future brings with your channel keep up the good work🤟🏽  -Elijah H.
My favourite YouTuber <3
YouTube wouldn’t be the same without Felix 😢
you make it!
It's Pewds working retirement and we are all here for it
Omg not this guy again 🙄🙄🙄
Yes, don't quit and have fun.
Bro Donate to my project
I love you
Aye bro I’ve been watching you for years on years and I want to say this video was great to hear! Glad you are enjoying yourself and your everyday life now! Please never let your dream become a job again! Your content is always better when you enjoy it yourself. ❤️🤜 much love bro!
Intresting
I love your channel and your videos. Have been watching you for years now and I absolutely love your content, whatever it may be. I first started watching you when I was in middle school and now I'm in Uni. It feels so good to see growing as a creator and as a person alongside us. Feels very real and beautiful 💛
bro fist
Hey, actually I've been following you for almost 10 years now, and while growing up I have learnt to be more responsible, as you have also been learning about politics. I really think that as you are finally coming out of this YouTube drama and focus on greater things in life through philosophy, it would be a great thing if you could finally be open about your political stance. Something makes me feel that you are anti-establishment and in the consumerist world we live in, channels like yours are important. But being apolitical, which is already stance of privilege, makes us ignore things in which the bro army can support together. There are so many struggles out there in the world, and small contributions to these causes. :))
I just want more jubilee reaction videos from you haha
PLAY FALLOUT 4!!! I would love to see you play that sooo much. There’s endless base building, fun companions, you choose the fate of the world your in, there’s so many hours of gameplay and things to discover. It’s still one of my favorite games. I would die to see you do a full play through! You would easily make that so funny, that would be so fun to watch, and if you got into bass building I’m sure you’d make your settlements freaken awesome. And there’s mods for building stuff too. And the DLCs are insanely fun. Please consider it if you haven’t before XD ❤
Youtube Shorts is stupid. All these companies trying to copy what ever app is most popular just shows how pathetic they are.
he in the honeymoon weeb phase in Japan, soon he's going to realize
What makes you quit?
He went to Japan and lived happily ever after
We love you bro
so, no kids yet?
Italian fan 🇮🇹♥️🇬🇧
.
❤
Damn watching him is like watching an old friend, he was a big part of my life when I was 20-22, it’s kinda cool actually.
Hey Felix I support the idea that you should buy youtube so you can do youtube for fun. Idk thats just my opinión that I will support 24/7
I'm glad that Felix have a good life that he wanted, but I still kinda wait for more beast master return
Our race should be with ourselves to become successful ❤🧡💛💚💙💜🤎
I support you Felix, especially the fact that you’re staying true to yourself 🙌❤️
Big love, small PP let's go
I will never forget the last bro fist from the N1 in the world!
I've grown up with you in a certain way, since the ao oni or IB videos to now, and I've made my peace with the fact that things inevitably change over time, I did, you did, and it's fine, it's amazing to still have this sort of way to know about you and Marzia still and seeing you guys happy makes me happy too :)  I'll never forget when u replied to me when I commented about my doggy who passed away 7 years ago, around this time. It really lighten up my day, and I think you've always done it, even if you never even knew you were doing it, so that's why I appreciate you as a long time distance friend even if you don't know me lol. I'm glad you're still here every now and then giving us updates. Hope you keep enjoying your new life in Japan, looks amazing so far !
all love pewds
Bro Fist   before and after hits same and really glad to feel it
Hi
why would anyone move to japan?
That brofist at the end, I’m not crying your crying
If you acctualy commit to trying to give people a liminal experience on youtube, you would actualy be the coolest person in the world!
I used to come to you for laughs and playthroughs. Now I come, because you're an inspiring, really smart dude,  who puts time in self growth, who's mindful and I actually can learn something from every video now. I love you talking about life, philosophy, books, as a bookworm and philosophy graduate myself, it's nice to see your perspective on those things. You grew and got older but so did your audience, so for me what you're doing now is really the best possible option. And again, because I keep saying that in my comments, watching you and Marzia get married and then get the life you dreamt about in Japan, going through that with you, it gives me so much joy just to see you two happy :)
That bro fist got me tearing up more than the paqui one chip challenge
It's a pleasure being a subscriber to you since i first watched your channel since 2013.  Take a good rest, and fun!
Dont you dare quit pewds You know you have saved...influenced..and helped many lives in this world all of us will be in our misery if you quit
The day pewds stop unloading is the day YouTube becomes a little less brighter
I remember talking to your mum back then,  she sure wasn't expecting what happened.
them headphones those audiophile extreme ones? im jellous
❤
We love you pewds
pewds these vlogs are some of your best content there almost as good as the minecraft series
I am so happy for you Pewds! I’ve been watching your channel for around 10 years now and I can see that you are the happiest you’ve ever been right now! And that really makes your bros happy 🥳 Thank you for sharing your world with us 👊
👍🏽
keep goin' bro!! 👊👊👊
Success is being personally content; it's being happy with who you are, where you're at, what you do, and who you're with. Just do you man, you've been doing it for 12 years, and it's a lot of work to make content, a lot of commitment. I make music, I go by Stutters, and even though I'm not well known, or make hardly any money at all, it's still my passion, and I just do it for fun! Just do what you love and love what you do, and do it at your own pace! You have nothing left to prove. Maybe see if you could do some acting in a big cinematic movie or something, just to say you did it! Or just as a cameo or something, like the South Park episodes! Those were great, still watch them on occasion for the meta.  It's been a crazy 12 years bro. I was 14 when I started watching your minecraft videos. You got me into heavy gaming, and even though I couldn't break out of my shell, I used my music to express myself and find my own happiness! In a weird way, you kinda helped me to achieve things I didn't really feel like doing before. I got onto a release with bitbird a few months ago! So thanks for the nudge of confidence lol.  Hope you get to retire when you're ready, but make it big for us, and for yourself! That'll be one of the greatest farewells in internet history because you are one of the initial wave of first generation commentary gaming personalities, and I know you'll be able to look back and have all the time in the world to process that bittersweet serendipity, cuz we'll be right there with you, doing the same thing.
Thank you for everything pewds keep doing what you love!
Pewds walked so YouTube can run, youtube isn't YouTube without PewDiePie you left the biggest mark and u will never be forgotten
FELIX WE ARE ALWAYS WATCHING YOUR JOURNEY HERE IN YT AND WE WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT IT! KEEP DOING WHAT YOU LOVE MAN <3
Thank you for sharing your reflection. I'm lucky to watch it at the beginning of my YT journey.   I started because of wanting to help adults develop their skills better. When starting, I thought if I can help just one person to learn better or end in a better place in life (like I did thanks to my education and skills), then I'll be happy.   But once you upload your first video, analytics kick in, strangers approach you to increase your SEO, improve your thumbnails, etc, and the numbers game is on. If I already see it now, I can't even imagine the extent of this you must have experienced with millions of subscribers and a decade of work.   Growing is nice and feels encouraging, but it's easy to forget the real motivation behind it. Your video reminds me to protect that, so thank you. :)
All u gotta do is hide your channel and label it as the One Piece
pewds, i’ve quite literally grown up with you. when you were first starting your channel i was in high school. now i’m engaged and planning for a family. we watch you for you not trends or anything like that, and as long as you’re enjoying youtube and having fun, we’ll continue to love what you create. thanks for the all the good years pewds, happy to see you’re putting yourself first now 💖
im so happy i made it this far regardless.
What i do love about you is that after getting all those things some would want more if they were in your position but you don't. I've seen a lot of people who have had a taste of things like money, fame, or recognition and they can't get enough of it and then they get greedy and trust me it goes downhill from there.
my fav video is MY NEW CAR! best pewdiepie video of all time!!!!
bro you are real as hell
I just love seeing pewds enjoy life
still waiting for minecraft pls felix
Bro likes to make videos cuz he wants to, not cuz he has to
Been your fan since you played Amnesia, that cool game where you have to move your whole body , the iconic RPG horror games, seeing your grow your whole channel..  And me growing up, realizing that sometimes it's better to leave stuff behind. You don't have to stay the same routine, you change, and some of the things that you liked before might be something you lose interest.  Proud of you bro
I'd much rather someone make the content they want, when they want, without pressure to please fans, instead of posting religiously just to keep us happy.  Part of me hopes Jenna March returns and does this, making content about the iggies when she wants to
Do your thing dude lol
<3
Your minecraft series was some of the most entertaining content i've found on youtube.  You have a real talent and skill with narratives and your creativity and joy is lovely to watch. Enjoy Your life, thats all we are all here to do on this planet i reckon.
hey pewds im happpy ur still here :))
Time to watch and react to animes :D
we got your backkkkkk
सनातन धर्म से जुड़े रोचक तथ्य जानने और चलचित्र देखने के लिए आपके अपने चैनल - GARVIT SANATANI को अभी SUBSCRIBE करें 🙏👍🙏
Felix I've been watching you for years. You're where you are in life because of your drive, personality and commitment to your fans among many other things. Being a youtuber may have helped define who you are today, but I don't think that YouTube and Japan is where the story of Felix Arvid Ulf Kjelberg will end.
This feels like an apology video
if pewd quit YouTube is over foreverrrrrrr
ive been watching your channel for a really really long time. English isn't my first language, so when i found your channel out years ago, i didn't know a single word u were saying. But slowly as i started to learn the language, i became obsessed with the channel. Fast forward to now, im going to university in less than a year, but ill continue to watch your journey
Thanks for everything bro
Keep going bro.
Kinda sad how pewdiepie will soon end
Im a begginer from japan and ya you're right enjoy every moment and do what makes you happy!😊
I was one of ur 9 year old viewers now I’m turning 20 now. You have been with me through it all, I’m so glad you haven’t quit. Keep doing what you love 🤍
U fell off
in 6th grade, we had an assignment where we had to pick our favorite inspirational person and write about them and I chose Felix lol. i wrote about the work he does for charities but personally it was because his videos were always such a comfort to me when things weren’t going so well. sorta like rewatching comfort tv shows/movies and it just makes you feel better. i just want to say pewds thank u for all of the memories, yours has been an awesome journey to experience and it’s so so amazing to see you and marzia so happy 🫶🏻
how about the return of pew news but with actual world news
My favorites channel
ive love growing with you thru the channel since the beginning. and definitely love seeing you do what you love!
Hey PewDiePie, I've been a fan for quite some time now. I've seen you go through many changes. Make whatever videos you like to make. I've seen you videogames, vlogs, philosophy/stoicism, try not to laugh, etc. I love them all. I like the diversity and change of videos. When I look back I get to see how your videos brought me through times in my life. Your videos are a part of my life growing up and aging too :). Keep changing, because change brings opportunity. Every video is unique in it's own way. It makes them memorable. Don't feel bad for not doing the same content every day. I love checking back up with you and seeing unique new style videos.   Thanks for everything over the years my man :) I appreciate it all, and I'm sure countless others do as well.
We love you Felix
Does anyone else feel like they've ourgrown this channel?
Mike, you da bomb.
I really appreciated pewdiepie  When i was a depressed potato in middle school his positive attitude was contagious Now, after all this time, he started growing and maturing Many young people say they will enjoy certain things all their lives I swore I ll never stop watchin cartoons. But that thing happened naturally because my mind became interested in other things What I appreciated the most about pewdiepie and maybe it's a deception of mine what i say,  He always found things to do that he liked and got views for what he liked And when he felt like he didn't want to do smth he stopped and did smth else I really learnt from him and included things in my life. I was a little girl who was very dumb  I think if not for now, one day everybody will agree that youtube is a good thing for many young people, but as you start growing, you needs, preferences, goals in life change, which is a normal thing in life  Ive seen for ex gamers in middle school that swore they'll never stop gaming. But on the road they discovered there were other things important in life for them and now they just play for themselves, for fun and don't work to edit videos And I respect that  Being a public person is not something easy Many blame celebrities because they make and break relationships very easily Because you are in a constant inspection and you can't make the difference between the public you, and the public face of the people near you and between the true part of you, and the true part of the people next to you  There many other aspect of youtube that can interfere with yourself on the road, these are just a couple of examples  Thank you pewds for making my a happy potato
Felix -It was not a job back then-  "13 years ago" Me and my coworkers who are blue collar workers: -so now it is??🧐🧐🧐
I cannot imagine living without some joy from time to time, from you and Marzia. You're both so wholesome and cozy. Please keep posting in your own timing it's about all of us to have some fun and joy
Felix please live your life now and visit us every once in a while, rest now king.
We have both grown in this parasocial relationship over the last decade. Thanks for being there. I gotta say, you're the last original youtuber I watch and I think it's because you grow and evolve in a natural progression. Lots of love.
Do what you love! That’s what drew us to you anyway.
Plz subscribe ☺️
I’m 100% here for every evolution man fr idk why people are so afraid of change ✨
sometimes we forgot what really matters  ..with all the distraction and negative vibes  ..the feeling of doing things because we love doing it regardless of other people's expectations/standard  ..if we set aside all the BS, .we start to enjoy what we do
This channel is the one I grew up with and you were a big influence on what I am today. Thank you Felix! I introduced your amnesia series to my little brother yesterday and the face he made was what I imagined my face looked like when I watched you. Just bliss without care about the world. Thank you!
Please bring back gaming content
Don’t ever quit. I’ve been here since Amnesia. When you are yourself it is the best
I used to watch every video you posted when I was 13. Dude you seriously have no idea how long I have spent my life just on your videos. They were the motivations I needed as a kid, and even till this day I don't regret a second. When your videos started to change I wasn't that interested but I still watched them just so I could wake up and go to sleep happy. I can't remember that last video I watched or the last time I had a bro fist, but suddenly out of all days I chose to watch YouTube and your the first video there, it's like the universe knows...but anyway man don't quit!! I still feel the same happiness If not more till this day, seeing you grow up as a man has humbled me alot so thanks Pewds! Honestly man thankyou!!👊
Enjoy your retirement, buddy. We all support you in whatever you want to upload. Your audience has grown and matured with you. We appreciate it when you include us and share things with us. Much love from a subscriber who has been here since there were less than one million of us.
If u give us any form of videos we will love it as long as u are in it:)
Go to finland please
I'm so happy and proud of where you are, Felix. I'm now almost 30 and you've been in my life for so long, it's been an amazing ride watching your life change. Bro fist always!
thank you for the reminder keep being you :1)
Mannnn just quit already
you do you man.
I'd be down to watch more book review. Or how about more home improvement stuff; really enjoyed the trash and the cable management segments of the vlogs.
I’m happy to see u I love growing old w the person who felt like a big brother to me and hope I just see u from time to time
you re the most important guy in this platform by far
why does he remind me of homelander....
dont quit bruh, without youu i dunno what will i watch here on youtube even tho I'm new subscriber to your channel, KEEP DOING IT🙂🙂🙂
pick up a new hobby or continue a current one further
Im glad he didn't quit.. but if he did I'd still support and be happy for him coz he deserve it
I enjoy your recent videos, I grow up watching YOU and want to continue to do so. Whichever direction you take I'll keep on waiting for your next upload. Thank you for making my feeds colorful!
Я ПОНИМАЮ ЧТО ОН ГОВОРИТ СПАСИБО ЯНДЕКС!!!!!
i love your new content, and your old. no matter how you change your channel i will always be watching, ily pewdi 🫶 AND I AM SO GLAD YOU BROUGHT BACK BROFIST.
so book review when
I’m just happy to see you sometimes 😊
Don’t freaking quit .
i tried to keep attetion of what he said, but damn... this headphone looks so fucking cool...
Really loving the positivity and vibes you're giving Felix, don't know why but I really looked up to you ever since and saw you as the best role model I ever encountered in my whole life, Thanks for the adventure and nostalgia. Long live the king of YT 👑 Pewdiepie.
난 퓨디파이의 영상이 좋아
this is third or fourth time felix don't want to quit YouTube.
Man you were and still are the best gaming youtuber ever. You're early years in 2011 we're my childhood I loved coming home from school to eat some sandwiches and watch all your uploads. The vulgarness to all your video was my favorite thing about your style. All good things come to end and Ima miss those times but you handle up Pewds all the best to you thank you for all your hard work.
PLEASE DO EMMA CHAMBERLAIN TYPE OF VIDEOS PEWDS I REALLY LOVE IT
just like team america's "lonly" song , I'm So Ronery~~~lol
PewDiePie you are the reason I'm ok with being a YT addict and now happy and proud not ashamed.  I want to thank you because you made it normal to watch YT daily and not want to go outside.  I appreciate all the work you've done.
God vulnerable pewdiepie is even hotter then regular pewdiepie, I love your content your are still king of YouTube please don’t quit, I look forward to your life and videos and your so cool 🎉
please do like emma chamberlain type of style pewds! i really love your vlogs like that and if youre unfamiliar about emma, just ask miss marzia!!
I really want those headphones pewds 🤣
Make a new horror game! Or atleast be a part of it like outlast 3
I think that it´s normal for people to go through stages and have your interests change over time. I am 31 years old and have loved going through your different types of videos. Like with relationships in real life, people just change over time and sometimes you will be closer with some viewers and more distant with others. We still love and respect you, hope to continue seeing you in new videos :)
The moment he stops uploading is when he die. Respect that
use your money to create a company making games that you desired change direction
Shopping haul
PEW DIE PIE = LEGEND
LEGEND
ARE
YOU
Ah, yes… John Rambo.
*brofist*
I hope all the best in life for you
It has been a wild ride seeing you grow on youtube. Thank you also for bringing us along. Can't wait for more fun stuff you'll do!
You started early that’s your advantage
pewds just made me realize he was and is my favorite person maybe not favorite but right after my family. he just might be best human even.
Beforeeeee everything i feel we all need some closure if u do a lets play on The Last of us remake PS5
pewds, how do you feel about tha fact that the 9 year old army is now 13 years old
Felix went through a lot of styles, the very hyper gamer guy, commentary/meme reviews guy, book review guy, the very ambient vlogs guy. Felix was always growing as a person, and even now. Very proud of Pewds! 👊🏻
Those headphones are gigantic
Nah you should quit. :) Unless you want to have the public talk about the real you more... That would be actually funny
Love it. You do it. Bring back the non click bait titles and what ever makes you happy. Who cares the outcome :) Brofist
Sheeeeeeeeeeeesh
People are so weird to complain about youtubers content. I became a fan  of Pewdiepie maybe four or five years ago and I watch on and off depending on what he is up too.I’m personally not a gamer so I don’t watch much of that content but I appreciate him as a person and as a comedian.  His growth as a person and as a man is so apparent just look at him in this video. There are more muted colours, no flashy lights or cat ears. I love the growth and maturity and I LOVE the japan content. Would love to see  a collab with Martina from King Kobu. She knows her way around Japan.
It's just that we grew and mature with the channel and as we grow older/mature, we appreciate simpler stuff which makes us happy.
Never quit please I love you
Hey pewds ....its a warning for you . If you quit , I am gonna steal all your tambourines and all your floor gang stuff ....Just as the "quit youtube" gang , I am too begging you PLEASE dont quit .....even if one video per annum.
We all get older and I remember years ago all the different adventures you’ve gone through, you deserve to do what makes you happy, very touching video, relatable, one moment it’s all playing out and the car drives itself, and other times it stalls, In those moments just enjoy the peace ☮️ 🌎 keep up the progress Felix.
Pewds plz start playing video games and do some give away go live plz I would love to see that ✨
Thankyou Pewds...you really became an inspiration to so many people for someone who started youtube to have fun lmao. You're like youtube's veteran wise elder giving random advice here and there from your own experience in life and as a youtuber, I'd say it's pretty cool. Glad to see you enjoying life :)
Dude is/was high🤣
we like your story and the truth of evolution..  life,  change,  experiences, learning, laughing.. please continue if you want to ..   we'd like to experience more of Japan with you thanks always
what are those headphones
Pewds plz start playing video games
Man has become a true stoic everything besides the grind is a distraction.
Dude. Please don't quit. Your Videos are something I look out for every week.  And Also the fact that your Videos have gotten sort of Smoothed out since you've gone to Japan, And I'm loving it.
I love you Felix for this.
Iv’e never been a hard core fan of PEWDS because I wasn’t a huge fan of the content lmao. But now I do hahahaha. I actually enjoy his vlogs.
I love how you have been handling your channel. You genuinely look so happy and that is very noticeable in your vlogs (that I love!!) I’m here for the ride. Do what makes YOU happy. The support system here will stick by you!! <3
Absolutely support this👏🏻👏🏻 making YouTube just for the fun of it and less stress is good We all love ya 💓
We love you ❤
Off-topic but I really like Pewd's hair!
ok nice vid, what are those headphones tho, so phat can someone name them
PEW PEW PEW PEEWEEE PEEWEEEWW NEWEESSSS
I think the best videos anyone makes are the ones they enjoy making. It's crazy to see how you've grown and immatured over the years. Just keep doing what you want and you can't go wrong.
You don't have to quit but at the same time you don't have to post all the time so just freestyle it and we will just accept it
the fuck are those headphones lmfao
This just motivates me to never give up ❤
why would u quit when it still makes u money
We love you no matter what ❤️❤️
please play more gameplay's
How does it feel to be at the top?
Pewdie!!! I love you!! You saved me so many times when I was having so many pressures and breakdowns when I was still studying since when I was in high school until now that I'm a working adult facing the real reality is.
if you see this video in 240p is like felix was A.I.
Make a podcast and leave YouTube or sum 🤷🏽‍♂️
these last few months have been my favorite content since pew news i love it
This man's story is so inspirational❤
How can you quit something you’ve mastered?  You can not.  It’s called retirement.
Please do surfing videos
We will love u no matter what at the end of the day we just love you Felix and everything uve done for us
no dont quit, its okay if you want take a break and not upload video. just dont quit keep upload videos (even not every week or every month). we just want to see you (i think) haha. thank you for your hard work 😁
let's play god worm :3
Pewds, I see you as a friend sort of, I see you as a cool uncle maybe? Idk, but I like seeing how your life is, it makes me feel like a part of me just is happy to know you, your content the way you talk and your humor I relate to, it's really just nice to be apart of a community, and to me loving you for whatever you do, if you left yes it would suck for me. But we won't die, doesn't mean I won't want you to come back, id love to know you're just doing you, I see you're thinking deep about everything, but to me its just like, we are spending time to just relax, watch and sit down and play games together, like a freetime thing, you don't need to do it all the time, and you do you man, but just know it's relaxing and fun to watch you
nevermind pewds ! we will alwys support anyway xx
I'm excited for you Felix keep it up!
brofist forevs
Love you Pewds ❤️
Felix you are an absolute legend. We will always love and support you no matter what!
Felix? I am glad that I have gotten to grow up with you. I was in some dark places in my life when I found you. After I saw your videos, it helped me to get through what I was going through. I remember when you said you were doing Youtube because you had felt lonely. I felt that. My mom even saw you in an online article about how you started getting paid to play video games, and she ended up changing her mind about me playing video games. She really hated it before and really tried to prevent me from playing them, which sucked because it was a coping mechanism and I met most of my friends playing online. I wanted to do Youtube for the same reason you started. I never got to because of how my life was going at the moment, but I have started trying to stream as my life is starting to get put back together. I hope we have many more days together with you man. You're one of my favorite Youtubers. Life happens, and BS can happen. Everyone makes mistakes. You're human. I'm going to be supporting you even until the end man. :) Remember, experiences in your life make you happier. Have a good day.  P.S. there is a really weird restaurant in Japan where the theme is toilets and the poop emoji. xD You should check that out! hahaha
I love this. Thanks for thinking about us and being transparent, I’m just happy you like taking us on the ride, no matter what you decide to do as long as you’re happy pewds ❤
based pdp
I love seeing Felix do what he thinks is best!
Love you man, been watching you since I wad a kid. The last bro first hit deep 👊
I love you Pewdiepie❤ I will always support you❤
Hey
Never liked you growing up, but got suggested a book reviews and found that I just misunderstood you. Mad respect for you and your life path. Keep doing you
felix, you have grown so far. youve always put your channel first,, im so glad youve learned to put YOU first instead. its so easy to get caught up in the fame and content and numbers,, but regardless youve always made everyone happy. ive watched you for years now. take care pewds :) im glad youve accomplished so many of your dreams
You are fun and genuine. human and character to loo on, sharing the journey and learning something of it! I'm not even waiting for you to post new stuff, but alway happy to see you face, like I know you personally for a long time :) Enjoy life, Enjoy Marsia and Enjoy Japan bro! Take care!
Pewds we appreciate it all! It’s been great going through these past years with you! I mean it’s not like we’re demanding a video all the time. Just have fun with it. Because like the Minecraft days were a lot of fun. I mean just random stuff like meme reviews but that you’re actually interested in (not memes but literally like you said just stuff you enjoy) idk I’ve rambled. Main points we do appreciate all you do and we don’t want you to quit. I don’t ever really want you to quit even if it’s 5 years between videos.
I would personally be so sad if/when you choose to stop doing YouTube. I've been watching you since I was 12, and now I'm going to be 21 in October. Me myself am a shy female gamer who was trying to figure out existence at that point and when I first watched your videos it all clicked. Even though I know you don't remember when we met at the This Book Sucks signing, it made my day when you made laugh because I was so shy and nervous to meet you. I now know that you were just as shy and awkward back then to, but now you've grown, and it makes me happy to have grown up with this channel and see your personal growth. You and Marzia have been an inspiration for me, and helped me and so many others through so much self discovery.   So, now no matter what comes next in this chapter, I'll still be standing by jamming out to bro fist and making fan art of you screaming to Stephano while watching your Japan vlogs back to back. You filled my teens with happiness and got me through some of the worst times. Thank you Felix and Marzia, I hope you both continue to be the legends you already are, even if it's just in the bro armies memory's. 🥰
Your g fuel is good
Yes PewDiePie
Honestly, I feel like I’ve enjoyed watching your vlogs more than any other videos. So, thank you for sharing your experience in Japan.
i don't mind if pewds doesn't upload every day like he used to. i've been a fan since 2012 and i'll continue to support him.
Goodbye pewdiepie-content  Welcome Felix Kjeldberg BIBLE STUDY channel!!🤍🕊🙏🏻 Time to be born again Felix:) REPENT and turn to Jesus.... it's time🌷
Thank you for inspiring me pewds! you are the main reason why I started making horror game content, 10 years! 10 years of being a bro and I'm not regreting anything about it! If I would live in another universe, I'd still choose to become inspired by you over and over again so thank you so felix! ♥
doooont quit!
Well, last time I watched PewDiePie is the retirement video, I then unsubscribed after and said farewell old friend. I just thought today "hmm I wonder if he ever re-uploaded stuff again" I love how this video is just 2 days old and recap how you absolutely never left Youtube
Been watching you since 2012 and it's been wild watching your journey. I could get all sappy but I really just wanted to say thank you.   Also I've gotten into DnD in the past couple of years also, would love to see a live-stream of your sessions if they're PG enough!
🤜
Watching you since I started college (until now! Always waiting for every uploads just like in the minecraft episodes HAHAHA). We understand everything you said here. We love you pewds! We're here to support you always! ❤️
If you have a child name it creampie. This is my first comment after 7 years of watching you👍
cuz mama didn't raise a quitter!
We love you
It's been months since you stop uploading games but I'm still here a supportive fan your really an amazing person PewDiePie your videos always makes me laugh
I've been absolutely loving your videos lately!! Thank you for creating this awesome space on youtube. I have so much nostalgia and love for this channel. Your videos and community will always be a special place! Miss the lives, but the recent vids are awesommmee!! They give me a lot of peace
I've come back to this channel after a bit and all I remember is we should all k i l l T series TnT
He always comes back
Keep going bro, we love you as always!!  がんばろう！
I've always loved and respected you Felix. You should be proud of your craft. I know many feel the same as me When I say during my bad times and my downs I would put on some Pewdiepie videos and your charisma and humor always cheered me up and also motivated me to pick up new hobbies like reading and doing something for myself. I know we don't know each other but it always seemed you been there for me on the downs. Please allow yourself to enjoy your crops you deserve it.
Aa Really brought home how bad the situation is when the guy at the end expressed gratitude for simply having enough space to stand up inside his shared apartments....
we love you pewds 🥰
I hope youtube can "make it possible" for me too
Thank you, Pewdz!
Here to support you in all that you do. Amazing growing with you and your content. Happy to see you happy 😃
If you are starting to watch anime you should watch darling in the franxx
Love u pewds since 2011
IIRC I subscribed to pewds because of his photoshop videos which can't even be called as one of his phases given how few it is... yet here I am still. I'll probably still continue supporting except unless he goes on a "they didn't knew I could understand Japanese"... "foreigner surprises locals with Japanese" phase... ....(　ﾟ皿ﾟ)
Have fun pewds. 💖
Thank poods
One of the few youtubers who survived viewers growing up where they stopped watching YouTube channels who they watched when they was still a kid. PewDiePie survived, from innocent gamer, to rebellious teen (LOL), to now where Pewds is matured enough where he enjoyed simple things like his viewers are now. Me (22) started watching pewds when I was 12 lol, now what I want to have is a simple successful life, go to Japan someday. What I actually want to say is Pewd's content grow up as his viewers grew up.  Wuzzup adults *BROFIST*
no need to quit pewds keep up the pace we love every bit of your videos.. ever since 2013 I grew up watching you I wanna grow old watching you... that sounds selfish but I just love watching your videos
Chale pewdiepie pues tú llevas mucho tiempo en la plataforma de Youtube has pasado grandes épocas fuiste el primero que llegó a los 50 millones creo y eres el primer youtuber en llegar a los 100 millones de suscriptores y te queremos y talvez es un gran cambio para ti y pará todos los demás en como era tu contenido hace años pero con el tiempo fuiste cambiando y creo que te explotaste más de lo que uno debería y aún sigues aquí pero es cierto que un día te quitará Mr Beats en el Youtuber 1 y llegarás a ser el número 2 pero bueno te queremos mucho pewdiepie saludos desde México me llamo Angel
you basiclly matured my friend, it has been an amazing journey seeing your mentality change over the years, you becoming older and wiser and seeing the world in a different way is something really admirable, just keep doing what you're doing man.
Dont quit man. All the years of adventure in youtube.
I don't like the Japan vlogs because I've lived there before and they're just a reminder that I'm not there anymore. So if he just made Japan vlogs I'd stop watching and be kinda sad. HOWEVER what I love about pewds is that he's super authentic and changes his style periodically. So I'm definitely not mad or disappointed cause this is exactly what I signed up for.
I just come to see pewd when i just wanna sit and chill laughing about his jokes and reacting to his opinion is just genuinely fun . I don't  get why people over analyze every movement of internet people nowadays , why can't we just sit , watch and relax. Keep doing what you want pewds!
We'll always love u pewds, we'll follow you till the end of the universe!
this is an amazing perspective pewds, thank you.
All good, we'll support you always
High end headphones
I’m turning 21 in one more day and I have literally grown up with you Felix I have so much love and had so much fun being along for the ride even if it was through the screen 🎉🎉❤❤ we have all grown and changed together I am proud and we love you ❤️❤️
I’m happy you didn’t because if you did I’d be depressed 😭 we love you Felix
I miss ur games sometimes but I love how u changed ur style ur growing!
I was thinking like "he should make a discord" but nah. Discord would crash
Yo Felix that’s cool and all but when the next happy wheels coming out?
You’ve aged like fine wine Felix thank you for everything and hope you the best in your future endeavors
Thank God. Keep it up Pewds! We love it!! ❤
I have 0 money then i got 10$, I say wow then i get 2000$ wow omg its a lot then i lose 1000$, omg thats a lot of lose, then i get 2m$ then you lose  1000$ and its nothing
you realize that you’re not 9 yr old anymore so you understand what present content pewds all about
Thank you for being genuine
I was like "LETS DO THE BROFIST ALREADY" and we did it bro! I am glad you are happy and you aint quitting! See ya again in the next video!
2:14 what a fucking n-
You do you Pewds
Love you pewds! I would really miss your videos if you stopped, please don't! I've loved your content for years!! Glad you're still enjoying it and if you ever fancy playing more Barbie games, I fully support that. Fuck amnesia, it was barbies digital makeover that got me hooked 🤣💞
i used to watch you as a child and now am a teen and i still love your vids pls don't ever quit think about how people will miss you.
Felix legit over here glowing like a surfer man we love to see it
How to be you bruh ❤👍🤣
Yo
Reflection and growth are healthy. Keep making authentic, grounded content. ❤️
Understandable have a great day.
Grew up with you pewds 😆 was here for it then, still here for it now 🙌🏽
Lol I didn’t even know he quit I have still watched him just as much
dont quit
Please don't quit youtube.
“I’m not fuckin’ leavin’!”
One of the first of not the first Youtuber I watched and you're someone I've never gotten bored of. I'd hate to see you quit Felix and I'm glad you're not! Stay awesome 👊
Damn
pewds is the realest. ✌️
Do youtube your way mate.
GG Pewds! Surfs up dude!
Don't be pressured to quit, you are a breath of fresh air when you upload. As long as you're cool with doing youtube, we are all cool aswell. <3
I got to grow up with you!! I've loved being part of the journey, thank you ❤
could you do a collab with Fantano… idk why just sounds like you guys could do a deep dive into music
been here since the machinima compilation of penumbra lets plays and I'll continue to pop back in till whatever happens. Always a fan and always happy to see where the next page leads to.
Been watching since 2012 love you in what ever you do homie
This video made me so happy.
🥲🥲🥲🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡
Love ya pewds
Its kinda funny but I think I enjoy all your newer stuff of just doing whatever youre up to each day a lot more than the older videos
enjoy life bro
I'm glad you're still here! More than just for the content I subscribed to you because the person you are and I feel very inspired by you how genuine you are and I'll see every single video that you post because I love the person that you are and the things that you share with us! You will be forever the best YouTuber not because the numbers but because the person you are! You're the best! Thank you for every memory and every video!
The stuff you enjoy is what we enjoy to watch, as a viewer I feel we understand your likes and that’s why we watch and support your channel
I’ve grown with you Felix. We are the same age and i feel like you are that kind of cousin you don’t talk too much anymore but you feel really proud about their accomplishments, I’ve been watching your videos since the beginning and i feel I’ll keep doing it for a long time. You are doing it great, bro 👊
Your past 2 years of videos have been your best videos in my opinion. Glad to see you're living the dream man.
Don't do it! You are having too much fun and we are enjoying it!
Im subscribed to you pweds when you are still at sub 5 Million. I'm literally one of the OGs. Although I may have not watched all of your videos, but I consider myself  as a solid fan. Keep on posting pweds. They say in life there is truly no end. Its just another chapter of your life ending and another one begins and I believe we are just starting a wholesome new chapter of your life. Keep rocking!
Let's support PewDiePie to go back to gaming
Honestly it’s cool for you to just upload whatever you want whenever you want. I’ve always been a casual viewer and I like coming back to see what you’re up to. Cheers
To be honest I don't wanna Felix to quit
We don’t care what you decide pewds! I enjoy your videos no matter what ❤
imma cry if he quits seriously your japan videos are the best
Things need to evolve, it's just natural and also more real
Next step PEWDS-CAST
Life moves on friend. Do what makes you happy
I'm sorry about this
Pews you are so wise. I see so many people getting caught up in the YouTube cycle. But here you are remembering why you started this in the first place, to share your interests with like minds. Its been a long journey and I'm here for it.
I hope you do videos where you travel with Chris Broad (Abroadinjapan) and his friends, for fun of course.
Have fun dude
Dont quit
Love you pewds
I needed this video, I'm an aspiring creator and I have to make sure not to get absorbed in the views and the numbers. I need to do this because I enjoy it, not because of the subs and all that.
i’ve been watching you since middle school and have grown up with you, no matter what path u take everyone supports u
Play something 2D please my dude man homie bro king
WOOOO
Hey Felix, so you’ve gone up about as much as you can, so why not build wider? Build up some other creators, become a channel partner BETTER than all the others. You could literally change lives. Just a thought.
noooo keep the vlogs there great
i havent watched for a few months,,,, are those boats on his ears?
Ñ
How is his shirt so black
this time make the 30teen gang
You got me choked up bro
You inspire many of us to start our own story
Pewds, I've been watching you for years and years and years. I will continue to watch you for years to come, regardless of the content. In a weird way it feels like you're a friend. I check in with your YouTube to see how my friend is faring in life. Much love to you and the family
Thank you for all the amazing years Pweds. You got me, and many others, through some pretty tough times. Do what makes you happy. We will support you no matter how long it takes for each video to be released!
One of the most humble flexs' ever
My bro, absolutely good direction and words there. So happy to see your spirit grow
Thanks for touching base with us. Go enjoy life!
will you play bayonetta 3 ?
Id love to see a vlog of you guys exploring Japan and maybe giving us a taste of Japan culture!!
my first comment on a pewdiepie video.. i just like to hear you talk about your change, give me an hour every other month. your swedish perspective on everything, evolution is cool. i just like to see you being you. from a fellow swede <3 good luck from marcus
You are treating yourself the best way possible - being kind. That is what life is about.
I think he's turning Japanese, I really think so, ha, ha! I've always loved your videos ♥️
we love you, pewdiepie
A good idea is to quit when mr beast beats you
U are a great person who bring a lot of good and joy into the world. Do whatever makes you happy 🤗
Omg the brofist at the end caught me off guard and made me teared up🥹 You were my whole childhood pewds❤️ Happy to be able to grow up watching you ever since the amnesia era 🫶🏻
Dont you dare quit
You're always inspiring! I want to do what makes me feel happy now
I've always enjoyed pewds vlogs more than any other type of videos. So I freaken love these videos and you're current tempo... I think seeing you genuinely having a good time kind of bleeds onto your audience also and that's why I personally love it
We are glad you stayed and will always remember you
Honestly at the end of the day, it makes me so happy knowing you've lived your dream and are just doing what you want to do. No matter whether you quit or continue, i'll be cheering for you because of all the good you've done for myself and so many other people.  Thank you.
This is like when the minecraft series ended officially but we still got episodes after
I've been watching you for 4 years now, and I will say that I'm very sad that you don't upload as much as you used to. But I think I can speak for a lot of people when I say that honestly the things you used to upload like Meme Review or Pew News weren't interesting in and of themselves--*you* are what made those fun to watch. I always really liked your insight into the stupid petty drama, and being that I was at the age where I started to form my own morals and such, your insight really resonated with me and it helped me grow as a person. I really relate to you as a person, and coming from a small bigoted town, it really helped me become more comfortable with myself because I could watch your videos and see that I wasn't alone in my way of thinking. You really inspired me to make YouTube my career, and I've now picked colleges and majors in order to fulfill my dream, largely because of you. Your variety of videos also really inspired me because I know that we (the die hard fans I guess you could say) watch your videos for you. You just have a really great presence and vibe that makes people feel uplifted, and I hope to have that same effect on my viewers one day. Hell, you even inspired me to actually read philosophy instead of just wanting to--I actually took the steps necessary to get involved with it because I watched your Book Reviews and wanted to be able to get something meaningful from it like you had. Overall, I'm just really glad you're still here. Your videos have really meant a lot to me over the years, and helped me in ways I didn't think they could. That being said, I hope you continue to do what makes you happy--even if that means no more videos.
Large headphones, very large
still waiting for scare pewdiepie s2
I used to watch you all the time I stopped after the T Series stuff
Bra attityd Felix. Hoppas ni får ett bra liv i Japan. En sista sak ifall du inte tänkt på det, vilket du säkert gjort men ifall inte: Akta hajarna i vattnet när du surfar.
<3    <-----Just That!!
Haha 😂 Things u say to satisfy after you got served to T-Series 🤣
I hate to say this but mr beast is going to be the top Ytbr one day
Dont quit ❤️❤️
Whoever's reading this, I pray that whatever you're going through gets better ❤️❤️and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine. Keep Smiling
PewDiePie doesn't have to quit but he can if he wants 😂 hes done enough tbh 🙂
ive stop watch my papa for a while after he moved to japan but wahhhhh the video looks so nicee
I have followed you for years now and it's been cuz who you are, not the content you make
Can you support me anyone here plz
I remember sitting in my home in the UK (2013 or 2014) and watching you play happy wheels (a young me probably shouldn't have been listening to a guy scream and swear, but It was still like damn this guy's cool). I fell in love there (no homo bro xD) but like damn bro. Looking back. HAVE FUN PEWDS!
I'd like to see more gayming. But whatever, i'll be here to look at it when it appears.  Not many good games coming out these days anyway.
Do whatever content you want to do, have fun most importantly. I have been loving your most recent content too. Keep going at your own pace!
Don’t quit.
It feels weird but sweet that pewds grew up very well ..it also made me realise that I’m getting older lol  Life is changing every day and we need to deal with it . Change is not a bad thing at all ,most of the time it brings the best from us .
Love you man, doesn't matter what kinda videos you make. As long as you're here talking to us, sharing genuine thoughts/moments with us, it's all good. I've grown with you and honestly your content is in perfect sync with my growth as a person as well, so I love it genuinely still.
keep your money out of the Japenese Yen. hyperinflation.
I am really happy that Felix is still uploading. I've been here in some content changes, I was quite into dramas at the time he was doing that and now I don't really like it as much as I did. I feel like I grow and change in the same speed lol. He does whatever he thinks is fun to do which is very refreshing. I hope he stays like that, it is wholesome.
we are glad you are here ❤️
Your hard work is an inspiration and we love the time we spent with you too!
to be honest, I think you audience has actually grown with you, so for you to be transitioning and changing your content - it's probably going in hand with how we are changing too :)
I love watching you now more relax, no pressure at all but enjoying your new place. Stay safe you both ❤❤
Please buy duklock merch please 🥺🥺🥺
hey pewds! if you're reading this: Dont quit! there will always be negativity and positivity, but just focus on the positive. you are awesome and you are the best, we/your supporters will always be there for you. ta hand om dig broski! all kärlek till dig!
Low key just filming you doing gameplays would still entertain your audience. Like outlast lol
Join WoW Classic Wrath of the Lich King
as we all do. we start an job, because we have the hope to live our best, to live our joy or the most freedom for our spare time. its not special to be an youtuber. its an normal job. in your job, as the pewdiepie you are, you have the freedom to talk to your customers about the problems of your job. most of us just do this with their friends. you have the financial ability to do whatever you like. that´s part of the opportunity of your job. also the risks. but in an average job/life you´re always just an part. an part for yourself. in your community, for your own sense and hope. so, for me, you just do your job. because you search for an outside sense for yourself. like we all do. with more financial- and speechfreedom. you will do money. you will look for recognition. like we all do. in my picture of you. you are just an worker, who is doing his best. and at the end, can talk about his real feeling about it. (sorry for my english... im not an native speaker)
Bro I Grew up with you playing Happy wheels! Miss those days…😢
i miss pewd news and meme review 😢  the best era of pewdiepie personally was 2017-2020
Keep doing Japan vlogs
Its like it ended with good ending but we get to watch what happens next like happily ever after ending something like that..
YouTube should have a mode that allows you to not see views or subscribers on your own channel for people who stress over numbers and want YouTube to go back to being fun
Thank you bro for making such great and unique content and being real !!!
Keep going 💪
Love you bro
Big fan my brother love from India 🇮🇳
PewDiePie 2 when?
lmao just make a second channel and post when u feel like it put this one to an end
Make a baby bro
Background books please
Talk bout the boooks
Do book reviews
PewDiePie plz call scammers prank call them with your Buddy's!
zen pewds <3 we are glad u're still here
Ooo
Pewds I hope you never quits youtube❤️ I’m grateful that I found your channel❤️ Your number one fan from Greenland 🇬🇱 ❤️
Pewds your fans (including me) love you!! And whatever you decide is best for you and your mental health, we’re here to support you! I’m so proud of how far you’ve come and that you’ve moved to a place you’re very passionate about. It makes me happy to see you grow as a person 🥹 Wether you leave or not, we still love and support you no matter what you’re going through or battling in life. Much love and will still be watching your videos ❤️👊🏼
How will i go on with my life is he quits Yt
Beautiful
Tbh I never really watched that much back when you used to do a majority of gaming videos, the Japan vlogs are the most consistently I've ever actually sat down and watched your channel.  In many ways I kind of like these vids better. You could just upload vlogs for the rest of your life if you wanted and a lot of us would still be around, and if you ever decide to quit that's fine too. Much support 💪
Your vlogs in Japan have been so great, it’s fun to see you guys enjoying your life in Japan, and it’s relaxing so loving the change you’ve been doing.
Inspirational/filosofical podcast when?
What headphones are those?
Ya you grinded it out. I do like Meme review a lot although they are silly videos, there are entertaining. The pew news was awesome although I guess you got a lot of news targetting from that. Just enjoy your life. You made YT fun. I'm not a super fan of the vlog style videos, but you do you. Thing evolve right?
its okay, u do whatever you want, post something when you want, and do something when u want. I love u, thanks for everything really, ur videos make me laugh in my worst moments so, i cant ask u about anything, just be u, u dont have to quit if you enjoy it, just upload the things u like and make u laugh thats all
Sick bro, do it because it feels good to u, ignore the haters
Maybe use your money/fame to build something?
i think what makes u successful is that the content u make is ur style and it changed over the years with you, where most other youtubers have the same style for years. wish u all the best and keep going in what ever u wanna do the important thing is that u are happy and enjoy life as u like it😃🙏
Honestly i like your japan videos way more than anything youve made i mean aside from your gaming and reddit videos but its just so relaxing and fun to watch always make my day better watching them :)
Still and will always be the most transparent and pure YouTuber, and always the best inspiration figure for all of us!
Where the happy wheels at
Happy you're still here Pewds! ❤🙏🏻
It’s been so nice to see that JOY in your eyes, voice and laughter again. 🥹 Thank you for bringing us along and sharing these moments with you.
Proud of you! Your a friend who I’ve “grown up with.” ❤ You have always had an intelligent and deep soul. I can see how HAPPY you are. It’s been so nice to see that JOY in your eyes, voice and laughter again. 🥹 Thank you for bringing us along and sharing these moments with you.
Dude just enjoy your life, you're set up for life with what you've made from YouTube, I assume, upload whenever you want or don't. Just enjoy yourself.
💕💕💕
Anyone know what desk mounted lamp that is on his desk?
In my opinion, the level of your video has dropped🥲،sorry!
It's funny seeing everyone go i miss those old times of meme review and shit like that was the start this is like the second age ending lol
Pretty big headphones..
أنت وسيم 😂
Pls play the dead dutstudio
i literally grew up watching your and marzia videos at the time, it feels like a home everytime i watch any video! you are still doing amazing, even tho content changed a bit
I started watching this channel when you moved to Japan!!!!!! Glad ur not quitting
Stop feeling like you have to explain yourself and go live your life how you want so I can watch it. Thanks <3
just adding to the already thousands of comments that you have cuz u deserve each and everuone of them and more: well always support u pewds no matter how many changes you go thru! will forever be a bro!!
Pewdiepie x Abroad in Japan with Chris Broad series needs to be a thing
Watching Felix through the years it made me realise how confidence grows with time. He’s an inspiration for a lot of people. From being an idiot online to reacting to stupid videos online
I liked your videos before, now I love them. I´m really really enjoying this format. You and Marzia share complete positivity and calmness and I love that you are sharing your days and experiences with us. Can´t wait for more videos. BROFIST
I blame YouTube for this
Been a subscriber for a long ass time, and it usually changes how much I watch, but I always come back. And everytime I come back because of Felix.
We support you whatever you do
Enough to make a grown man cry
Pewds, I've been watching your videos since Amnesia =) I've skipped a lot of videos, but I respect you so much as a person and it is incredibly interesting to hear you share your thoughts and experiences in some of your videos. Do what makes you happy, even if you upload one video a year just talking, I dunno, about some books you've read or just sharing some thoughts, I'll still be happy to watch it, because you are interesting, smart and inspiring person. Don't feel pressured to upload often or even regularly. Most people here, I'm sure, I here not for entertaining content but because they admire you as a person and find your thoughts valuable to them.
I think I can say on behalf of all of us if I say that we are proud of you❤
no because the brofist had me all emotional and shit (been here since goat simulator haha)
Wismucu palon
Don't worry about anything do it your way  we will always be here with you
111 million subs and I've never heard or seen you before....tbh the whining puts me off.
Shit.. pewds grew up
MY GOD JUST QUIT DUDE FFS
How is pewds the most successful youtuber with millions in his account but still is one of the most humble ones out there. Ps are Fridays with pewdiepie making a comeback
I will always watch you through all the life changes, that's the fun part!!! I'm now 23 and I've been watching you since like elementary school!! Loved amnesia days, happy wheels days, poppi gloria LMAO, PEWDs News, Fridays with PewDiePie, TLC Videos, Minecraft, Last of Us, COD, Japan Vlogs.... No matter what the content was, I would watch because it's YOU! You're hilarious, kind and always trying new things! I love your YouTube content no matter what :) Keep enjoying Japan and making videos you love, not the ones you have to make. :)
we looove you and do everything that makes you happy!!
I've been here since the Slenderman/Amnesia/Stefano/Happy Wheels days so I've seen a lot of ups and downs and different changes and phases this channel has gone through. There are some I loved, some I miss, and some I'm glad are in the past. But I've always enjoyed your content because you being happy is more important than the content itself. These Japan blogs are phenomenal and beautiful and I absolutely adore seeing how happy you, Marzia, and the dogs are. You deserve to be where you are in life, and I am so proud of you. I am grateful for any videos we get at this point, and I am just so, so happy for you.
Book review when?
Love you pewds
So happy for you pewds, this is the best kind of content :) !!
I’ve been watching you for 10 years Felix, you’ve been one of my favorite YouTubers for that long and I’ve loved watching you grow and evolve as I go have grown and evolve. 10/10 would miss you if you left but I appreciate that I still see your new videos pop up in my feed here and there
❤❤❤
Its ok man
Felix I think we can all say that your influence has become something that has affected a generation: I mean your the whole reason I got into reading. Do what you wanna do man, we won’t judge or criticize you for whichever way you go.   P.S: Is math related to science?
Honestly pewds you look very happier than you use to be , it makes me happy aswell.  I personally love the vlogs , book reviews it feels very personal .
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Dingggg…..
slay💅
You do you boo. You've earned it.
Honestly, it's precious that you're doing the things where you can feel the happiness and more mature than before and that's completely fine. Seeing in your vids the realities of life are really adorable especially you and marzia enjoying your life. So thank you felix! will probably continue to support you more as the days goes by.
in fact, their reputation will then start working against them.
It's literally one of the main things keeping me upright. The thought of one day, have it be around my 50th birthday, rich people won't be rich no more.
Thank you for being here, I'm glad you still upload and we can experience it together
Keep doing what you love to do and we’re here to support you! 🫶🏼 I see that “zen” effect in you. You are more calm and relaxed. Japan did wonders to you and your channel. Keep it up and ganbatte! 🙌🏼
without propouse. that w u mean. U have power use it for good.
and one that will go down in our lifetimes, most likely
4:45 yes it is, it is exactly why you got into youtube, you say before in the video, I was stuck, and to get unstuck you needed fame which gave you money which got you unstuck. If you break things down to the core, and be honest, you'll find that life is all about money. And otherwise, your life sucks. This is also why capitalism is an unethical system.
is there a chance pewds gonna do IRL japan livestream???
the utube won't be the same w/o u, cause even if i dont watch all videos, it's coming sometimes that i start watching u again. and it's so calm that i know there's always some stuff to watch with u
When I strated whatching pewdiepie I was 11 Now I am 9
I miss book review!!!
JUST HAVE FUN 🤍🤍🤍
He wants a Billion subs.
Man, having being part of this channel ever since i was around 15-16 and your channel just had reached 200k subs makes me think about all the good times you have had me go through with my friends, with the memes, with the inside jokes... Hell, even with all the drama! You deserve being who you want to be as much as you deserve being at the top, Felix. Because even with all the drama, that just showed how unified this community can be, without mentioning how much maturity you showed and how you handled things over the years with how sensitive the world and the whole internet is. You've shown how much you have learned, how genuine you have become and you made us part of that quest. We should thank you for everything and welcome you to stay for as long as you want to! Nostalgic Bro Fist!
I love new PewDiePie 🥰
I watch because you're entertaining and interesting. Thanks for giving me that 😊
When pewds starts not uploading that’s when my generation is to old.
I like the Post Mortem Felix haha Keep it going!
boy. straight up point blank, as long as you're here, i'm here.
Love the vlogs!!
Pewdiepie is the bestest!!
💖💖
Time to make a baby pew pew and get her/him to create youtube videos
You could refocus the channel into vlogging to get people interested in visiting Japan.
Felix speak very clearly on this video.
you know pewds I kinda wanna see you get into motorcycles or want to know what you feel about about them.
Hey pewds love the new headphones what are those and how are you powering them. love your videos will never stop watching them
Honestly I do not care about what’s being posted because I’ll watch it anyway. I love to see the change of content as your channel has grown
👑King
THE GOD IS BACK ALL HAIL THE GREAT YOUTUBE GOD HE’S BACK
Every now and then, I get jealous of the times I was watching your Amnesia playthrough videos with my buddies. A bunch of 12-year-olds, falling on our asses laughing. Magical. That was over 10 years ago. I don't even know those buddies anymore, we haven't talked in years.  It's something different when you see your childhood idol grow up with you, getting caught up in life and it's ups and downs...  Time really flies by. Being here now, as an adult, in my own apartment, in my own life, with my own thoughts and worries, in this moment, I want to thank you. Thank you for being a part of some of the dearest memories I have from my childhood, throughout the times of growing up.  I have never met you, but look at us, look at you right now, look at where we have arrived. Almost brings a tear to my eye. Yet, most of life is still ahead...  Whether you see this or not, I wish you luck on your journey in life, Felix. I can almost swear, sometimes, I still feel a little bit of that childhood magic, and I hope you do too. That spark is all that matters, it's called love for life.  It's easy to forget what truly matters when you have so many sources of stress and worry, unlike when you were still a kid, your biggest worries being homework or not being allowed to play video games past ten.  Never lose that spark, Felix.  Have a good one, bud. Brofist.  Ps. Please do an Amnesia custom story playthrough for Halloween 2022. Hehe
tbh if i was in your shoes i wouldve done been doing what i want when i realized i could retire safely if the passion to create is still there because at this point it doesnt matter about analytics, you set new records for analytics. Enjoy yaself pewds
Thank you pewds for still uploading
You don't quit because of the money
💖💖💖💖💖
Who is this guy never seen him before.
Would love to see a new Minecraft series!
After all this years it's the first time I'll comment on one of your videos and let me tell you...I'm glad you didn't quit Felix. It's been such a pleasure to see you grow and become the person you are today. Growing up watching you, throughout all your phases ( and mine!! ) is what makes this channel special. As I say to my wife, you are like a best friend I never had the opportunity to meet 😁 Big hug Felix and all the best 💪🏻
You do you 👊🏻 will always love whatever you upload 💙
also, go touch some grass.
hey pewds, what kind of headphone are those?
the brofist though, almost cried❤️👊🏻
I just noticed Pewds arms are now way bigger than the last time I saw them from a vid I watched months ago hahaha nice gains
You've brought a lot of joy and knowledge (and by knowledge I mean I learned a lot of English from your videos hahaha) into my life, so I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I love seeing your Japan videos. You deserve all the happiness, bro!
These you tubers that tell themselves that they are going to quit are funny cause they are the ones that uploaded from the start... you’re the addict and that’s what you don’t realize. You think your uploading to please fans but you ultimately want attention or else you would’ve never made videos to begin with. I hate these introspection uploads cause they are useless. Entertain us or don’t upload 😂
You are good guy
well Felix is already made world's record for most subscription & recognized person even century changes he's doin YouTube, Not for any whatsoever reason but for himself he decided and that's what I really respect about him
Love you poods
❤️❤️
I came for the content and stayed for the creator.
no lwiay, no ylyl... bring back the classic, pls
Jag är tacksam och glad så länge du är kvar på youtube, oavsett vad du laddar upp för videos
Pewds is the boss. Retired young in Japan and is living life to his fullest. That's absolutely amazing.
I like watching your video conversations like this with us. I feel like so much wisdom comes out and it's good to have these conversations. Keep going Pewds!
i’ve always loved the content felix uploads, him growing & finding different things that inspire him more is a representation of how much the channel has grown over the years (and so many of the fans as people too) ! it’s really comforting watching the recent japan vlogs & seeing how content they are together there after fighting for it for so long. so many of us will always support this channel ! it’s timeless. as someone that’s grown up watching pewdiepie, i’m so happy to see felix & marzia feeling genuinely relaxed and happy :)
May i help you with your Channel....I will be Happy Helping You Out😁
Walter white head ass achloholic budist, I liked it I was good at it. This channel is evolving but backwards
Pewds aging like fine wine
i have grown to see felix mature greatly. he became the perfect youtuber and really does deserve to be youtube's rightful king. thank you for not leaving
do you live in japan
on one condition, please still do collabs with Ken, the two of you guys a a treat :)
Pewds, I think as you simultaneously inspire many others to begin YouTube (hello!), you're also consistently inspiring yourself to try new content over the years. Sounds to me like you love to share your experiences with the world and a lot of people appreciate that.. it's easy to get caught up in the numbers but so many of us enjoy you simply and unapologetically being yourself. Glad you're still here, keep going!
This is what happens when you get everything you want but you just live for fun. You still feel empty inside. Seek God.
👍
FELIXi think its time for you to make babies with marzia and settledown and make a great family you can quit youtube if you want you might need a break from YT
If you ever really decide to quit, can we have new era of pewds song or anything just going through your legacy in pewdiepie style
pewdiepie becoming surfing channel confirmed
:)
I mean I feel like the meme review videos are just harmless fun like sure they’re not deep or anything but they are fun as hell to watch I guess maybe they’re not as fun for you to make. I just really like the sense of community those videos provided
Lovely video! We also thank you for keeping the videos going after all those years! All the best Felix!
And thus, another legend has left. His time has come and now we all shod move on. We'll always remember the best youtuber on YouTube
I started watching right before you uploaded that you met Marzia - what a crazy ride to see someone grow in all aspects of life
pewdiepie, been with you since 2014. we, the millions of people basically grew up together. we all are adult now. and we appreciate every lame things we have done together. i feel so great when i see, we all become more matured together. this is nice. thanks. and yes, pwediepie, be with us till you want. when we all be old, we would still want to hear from you sometime.
6:10 But life is shallow.  You are overthinking it again, arent you? Breaks are breaks, soemtimes its good to bring old format back, i have 280subs dont lisen to me
you look back at all the different types of videos pewds has done you realize how crazy it all is and how hes really just the goat
i started watching pewds since his outlast gameplay and I still love him as much as i do before. He is not my childhood guy but a guy I grow up with, I like to think it that way. ❤️
No matter what or when you upload people are always going to watch your videos. You broke the algorithm lol but you've been doing this pretty solidly for years now and maybe its about time to Put Pewdiepie down for a second and check in on Felix. You've helped a lot of people through dark times and inspired people to do more with their lives but at what cost? Time you inspired yourself bro. Live your life. Your loyal subs will still be here. Don't be a slave to youtube keep it fun!
it was a pleasure being a part of this community enjoy retirement
you deserve all the success you have! You'll always have a place in my childhood even though I'm older now. Days when I came home and just wanted to cry, there was good ole Pewds uploading another video on Ao Oni, Amnesia, or that one Alice in Wonderland game that you never finished (haha!). You got me through some tough times and I'm grateful. What's important is that you do what makes you happy. You have had more positive impact in this world than I think you will ever truly realize. /brofist
You made my childhood so much easier and my best friend at the time would spent so much time laughing at your videos and if u retire i would like to say thanks for amazing videos and all the laughter we got from it If you dont quit then your keep helping these pepole daily. Your a amazing person.
I guess this video=baby pewds
👊🏻
When is the last time that it sounded loud in the videos again?
Ending had me emotional I can’t lie. Really grew up watching this channel grow alongside myself
For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:   (1 Peter 3:18) - Repent. Jesus Christ, the Lord of Judgment, is coming soon.
you know ı almost never watched any of your videos dgfhgf you were just not my cup of tea and it didnt feel hmmm ı couldnt feel connected to you bc it felt made up but it seems you felt the same yourself too :d . I think ı will just give another shot bc you were just so honest in this video, ı finally felt that possibility of connection and looking forward to it ^-^. cheers to new starrtttsss ~\(≧▽≦)/~  *★,°*:.☆(￣▽￣)/$:*.°★* 。  fist booommpp B)
Hola
pls don't quit pewds you're videos help me a lot during my deepest time until now 🥺❤ just have fun with every video you're making 🥰
I like the video relaxing in japan , just enjoy the life relaxing.Keep it up Pewds!
Didn't quit to buy those 2K$ Audeze headphones
We will always be here ;)
Pewds so glad ur not quitting plz do gym routine
for me you already retired 2 years ago
one of the best thing about dude is that he never credit for himself when he achives something he always respect us the audience and his team and he is polite in all his videos....we congrats ourselves on his achievements more to come.
Subscribe to Pewdiepie.
What's your opinion on Ariel being a n****r? I mean you moved to one of the most racist towards blacks countries in the world, tell us what you think
I'm happy you're still sharing some of your life with us, Felix. You already feel like family to me and my siblings.
What a fucking Epic Content Creator You Are, keep going, and do wtv the fu- you want~
❤
Thank you for being open about this happy your still uploading :)
Just make up your mind bro 😂
sangat bagus sekali ..menambah iLmu pengetahuan...salam dari indonesia
audeze nuts
That's good you didn't quit like I do I will never give up until I reach my dream
無限に投稿して欲しい
i want to see pewdiepie as an old man screaming “ hey its PEWWWWDIEPIEEEE”. that would be epic. ❤ lots of love to felix and marzia ❤
$
pewdiepie post more videos please, I'll see them all
Pewdiepie is now transcending
Kinda brings tears to my eyes, watching your videos routinely has been something I have been doing for the past 5-6 years or a bit more at this point, I'm really glad I stuck to watching your videos and it honestly has been an wonderful experience to grow along side watching your videos (honestly, I have learned quite a bit of stuff based on the viewpoints you have shared in your videos in the past) & I hope this journey (whenever it ends) will end on a good note.  Please keep uploading as long as you enjoy, we'll always be here for you Felix
felix is a good dude
Always felix always you do you  I will support u no matter what <3
Dude for long time u have been making videos and such, kindly chill now bc we like the new content that u have the freedom to just upload anytime, also ye this is just me tho but when u do quit one day it will hurt but i can see that ur happy, im sure that ur fans feel greatful and supportful upon any desicion u might make in future.   basically its either Goodbye SpaceCowboy or tune in next time on One Piece
Glad that someone higher up agrees that Shorts are just plain bad content.
Does it matter if I subscribe to you. Well I done it. Keep i t up you love what you doing and always be happy 😁
I’ve been here since Amnesia and have grown along the way, too! Different relationships, jobs, locations, etc. And you’ve been with me the whole time. Your channel was the one thing that kept me together during dark times and I just wanted to say that I appreciate you!! Thanks Felix!! 💖 Also: BARRELS!!!!
👊🤠
Love youuuuu❤
Change the channel's name ... now the owner is Felix K.
I love you Pewds, I'm happy for you and happy that you're still here ❤
i was already holding my brofist then you actually did it. feels good man👊
War.. War never changes
I feel bad of myself, cuz I discovered Pewds later than I should be😢
I’m still waiting for the next Dark Souls 3 video since 2016 lol
do WHAT again
we love you man, there are many things i miss. the people you brought together with your influence. the revelmode squad will always be a high point in my memory of classic youtube, and i wish you luck in your life outside of youtube even if you dont leave. i wish things went better at those times where people should have let jokes be jokes, and i hope you can collab with the old squad again,im sure they miss you. maybe you could look into creating a space where all content creators can be who they are, and express themselves without an algorithm getting in their way, limiting their speech and taking their money. im sure you and many others look in despair when you see the absolute hellscape that youtube has become. im not exactly someone who has been around very long but ive been watching the likes of you, markiplier , jacksepticeye, and plenty of others since i was about 11. im 18 now. ive spent summers mostly watching these people on here play games i couldnt afford, or hope to play for a long time. ive went back to the older videos that have been here before i was a veiwer. i came to youtube as a boy, and here i still am, a semi responsible man. the influence i have gotten from some of my favorite creators has helped me improve myself and manage to stay positive. i think its time for all of us to move on from youtube though as it has become a place that feels like a dictatorship. good luck anyone that has read this, and make sure to let it be heard that youtube has to either change, or we will create a better version.
So far, PewDiePie is the Most subscribed Individual YouTuber for 3302 days and counting…
I miss book reviews and your philosophical videos those are the best. Thank you for everything dude
We love u whatever and whenever u upload 🤲❤️❤️❤️
I'll always be a bro. You do you, Pewds, make whatever content you want. You deserve it. And thank you, I got into Greek philosophy because of book review.
Thank you poods
I love this era of mature pewds so much
Pewds already in max level just traveling the world have fun to the effort of his hard work
If you ever think you cant do something there are 3 great examples on YouTube (and lots more obviously) the legend (pewdiepie) the boss (jacksepticeye) and the King (markiplier) they are started off as cringey as all heck and thought they wouldn't make it far. But here they are, despite their beliefs of not making it they made it further then they imagined. Everyone has chances to go far, the question is will you take the chance? And just a side note this applies to every thing not just youtube and popularity.
Do whatever you like, I’ll keep on watching anyways ❤️
Pewds is just in a really good vacation 😎 he worked hard and is enjoying the success. Inspiring man, truly !
Jesus lives we find forgiveness life new hope rest peace love joy happiness and security of eternal salvation of the soul in Jesus the son sent by God for love Jesus gave his life and rose again for our forgiveness and eternal salvation Jesus is the way to God and heaven those who follow Jesus we find every day much peace love joy happiness
keep doing you felix , you deserve to rest and to live your life the way you want . god bless you <3
Never quit bro. I will still be watching the vids as long as I can. <3 Much Love
We often see the Pewdiepie side of the story but not as much from the subscribers. I started watching pewdiepie 11 years ago when he had about 12 000 subscribers with the amnesia videos and playthrough. I was 13 years old back then living in France with 0 knowledge of English. I literally self-taught watching pewdiepie's videos because they were so fun and even if I couldn't understand the words I understood the context. Today I have the job I have thanks to him. Thanks pewds.
Love you pewds!!!
Thank you for being here^^
It makes me happy you’re doing what you wanna do, you’re meant to do great things and in time those things will come. TY for being so genuine and sharing it with the world! Enjoy surfing
Goatdiepie still
Been watching you since 2012. Love ya pewds and keep doing what you enjoy man.
Honestly, glad to hear it. I've been watching you since januari 2011 so kind of from the start (got the crap scared out of me watching you and Minx play Amnesia) and your best videos have always been the ones when you clearly enjoy it. That's why the Minecraft series got so big I think. You enjoyed it and genuinly cared so we enjoyed it and genuinly cared.  I mean me and my now husband (also your and Marzias wedding video was the first thing that got him really into planning our wedding, so thanks for that too) would eat dinner and watch the latest Minecraft video just like we used to to with shows like Game of Thrones.   So you keep doing you. And all here for it.  Also, yay brofist.
do what you like to do; we'll be there.
Yes people have different preferences but many would agree that we need more book reviews and philosophical videos!
Just do whatever makes you happy. It's not like you own anything to anyone because of this. Just do whatever feels right for you and all will be well ❤️
Bro, i dreamed you where at my place, and you wanted to geven me a shout out. I was like no no, bro. It would be so cool to meet you in real life one day, youre my Hero😊❤ pff, that would be awsome.
i love you
Yay pewds/felix 👍
Do whats good for you and your family my dude. Fuck the rest
I've been watching since the Fridays with PewDiePie era. I feel a lot of people from my generation have the feeling of growing up with you, if that makes sense haha. ('funny montage' is a comfort video at this point :) (: ) Anyways, I wholeheartedly agree with your takeaway from this video, do whatever you feel is fun at the time - and share it with us if you should like.
You know what you need to do, if there is anytime to quit it would be once you have children but I’ll always still be here watching and have been since happy wheels
PewDiePie is honestly the grandfather of youtube as this point.
Noooooo, don't quitttttt😭😭😭😭😭
At least Felix is happy, and properly retired. Some YouTubers just fade away from controversy.
Still enjoy watching!! Seeing you happy is so nice, just do you man.
Man is really starting to look like David Beckham 😝
I'm happy that you made up your mind. You made my days brighter with your silly videos for years and the best I can do in return as a viewer is wish you luck in whatever comes next. Have fun, enjoy your life. You earned it and you definitely deserve it. Love you Pewds <3
A different kind of growth. Good for you.
I love when felix uploads and i just fall into this wholesome feeling of peace. dudes tapped with the vibes
Hey felix what is the old name for chocolate balls in swedish?
everyone that stayed appreciate the videos because you're in it and because of your personality and authenticity. so do whatever you want, if it's a topic that some of us dont appreciate we'll watch the next one !
Im smal you tube r
My name sankar pls check it my you tube channel
Nice
Hi bro big fan
My dude, we've been here for a long time, we'll be here as long as you are. Just have fun, Felix! We'll support you and enjoy things with you whatever you do!
Some things never change.  And I hope it will be like that forever. 👊
you made it brah
thank you Pewdiepie for everything you've helped me and so many more people you've made us laugh and feel better you will always be a hero to us no matter what we can never thank you enough. I grew up watching you and you still make me laugh so thank you for everything you're the best.
<3
i love this man
Respect, but this is still a gaming channel that no longer games 🤦🏻‍♂️
Everyone's proud childhood has been wonderful and greatly influenced by you. We're going to remember all this regardless of what comes next. Thank you
så stolt över dig Big brotherrr. My herroo <<3
Good :D im happy for you, and i cant wait to watch a slow vlog or whatever you decide to do for fun :)
As long as Pewds makes videos I will watch and enjoy them. I couldn’t be happier that he is making the content he loves and prioritizing his own life ❤
Please don't quit
Dear PewDiePieＩhoPe the number of registered users will exceed 112 millions. from Japanese boy (7y)
We love you Pewds! ❤
I really missed that brofist bud, thank you for  last 12 years.
If you don't quit after saying the n word on PUBG while live, you should never quit.
Keep doing what u doing Pewds. I will be here supporting you anyways. Been here for more than 10 years. From when i was 13 years old to 24 years old. You been here entertaining me. Anyways much love. Brofist!!
Please stop it. Please take the exit. Best for all
ok hear me out lets give bilions of views but everyone unsubscribe
Every single video u uploaded is amazing im satisfied if you either quit or not id always be grateful damn for a whole decade ive seen you grow HOLY
Pewdiepie bro for life 🫶
But I'm surfing :D
❤️
well said for someone well deserving of their future <3
Your life is an inspiration to me. Love watching your videos altough they May not come as often
Loving the travel vlogs and new directions. Make what your heart wants - if everyone did that we may have more quality in the world.
We love you pewds…. Not ready for you to actually stop uploading, gonna be the worst day ever pf my life.
I grew up watching Pewds and I feel like the content hs allso grew along the years. I love it when his content matures the same way I do. I will propably allways watch his stuff no matter what he does.
I'm happy to see you with every content you feel to give us, i love u, i'm here since 2011 ♥️
DUDE you will always be a light for so many people because you have proven that despite any adversity, with hard work, you can persevere through all that. I think the world knows that you’ve been through deep shit numerous times but people continue to be there for you because you are an awesome human being. I wish nothing but the best and hope you continue to bring the content that you want to make  Edit: much love to the man pewds and also marzia, also sive. I’m not sure about the majority of the people but watching your content brings me joy. Really happy to see you killin it
Your vedio is very nice 🇧🇩❤️
Pewds I really like the japan videos such a fascinating place keep doing what ever makes you happy people will always watch because your pewds.
Lowkey feel like its because you have a fear of becoming irrelevant 😶 of course I believe its more than just that but it's a factor. I grew up with you and I would definitely be heartbroken not seeing you in my recommended anymore. I already miss you never playing horror games anymore those were always a joy. Love you pewds keep growing and being you, gotta put that first
Don’t quit pewds!! Continue what you love ❤️. I honestly enjoy watching your videos and you have fans continuing to support you!
Started watching at 15.   Im 26 now.
Pewds, I remember the day you posted the video of you getting your first home because of YouTube. And then a few years later, you memed a viral video my husband was a part of lol. That’s super special to me. Glad to be a part of the big journey. ❤
Feelsgoodman knowing I grew up with Felix since I was 9 and I am now 17 going on 18. I plan on traveling and doing what I want to do no matter how hard times get, you taught me to read stoicism and look into philosophy thanks for being a good man to look up to.
Maybe I should try the grind as well. I have felt stagnated for a long while. Thanks Pewdiepie for just existing now and forever.
Feels good man
Hey Pewds, I'm here just for your and your personality. Do whatever you want! :)
You are like a father to me
HAL YANG SANGAT LUAR BIASA INI SANGAT MEMOTIFASI DIRI SAYA SENDIRI DAN JUGA BUAT ORANG BANYAK, SEMOGA SEMAKIN JAYA😍🙏
Understandable. Have a good day.
We always love your videos
Have Fun!!!
I'm glad I grew up with Pewds, and I'm glad he is still here with us, enjoying his career.
❤️❤️
Pewds, you have managed to cultivate one of the largest forces of loyalty and support in history, and you did it almost entirely by yourself. If you left YouTube, you would be both the most missed, but also the most celebrated personalities in living memory.  People love you because you love what you do. Much love
I love every damn video you post man i cant speak for everyone but pewdiepie dont miss
the comment section has matured with pewds. i have to scroll so long to see childish comments its just amazing.
Thank you so much for sharing this Pewds! You never know how much you've helped me whenever I go through something. Knowing your story inspired so many people.
💕💕💕
Watching you change and grow throughout the years has been a genuine pleasure. Keep it up man, Thanks!
I really like this style and he can still be funny but he's also really real and I love it. I'm also glad your having fun surfing🤣🤣🤣
Just upload ever so often please
In 2022 he was online and got banned because of jenna and Youtuber93 and monster Roblox and and ever hackers in the world ⚠️
It's nice to hear from you from time to time. <3
Please do what you love ! I really enjoy watching your videos
Pewds should get into cod again with the upcoming title, that would be fun imo
Why I Didnt Quit?.because you are talented.regard from malaysia
你是哪一國的人?
I unironically fist-bumped my screen at the end! Love you pewds! 👊🏻
He hasn't even reached his final form...
Pewds, you have nothing to apologize and nothing you need to prove. You made fun videos, and it inspired me. That's the THING! You inspire people! Keep inspiring people!
Shout out to THOSE -1000 who Unsubscribe: mentally and literally 9 year olds WHO AREN'T Matured in life yet! Go to school first or let me say EXPERIENCE Reality in this Life first.. This man is one of the rich people that has still HUMILITY and SELFLESS enough to Inspire, Share and do Charity! 👊🏼 Have you 1000 peeps or you haters done that or been like that!?
pewds if u play assassin creed that upcoming next year. i would love it so much
I really enjoy the content you've been doing over the past year. All have been great choices, and fun to watch on the screen. Cheers to the rest of it all!
Honestly, even if you chose to end your YouTube career I would be so happy for you either way pewds. You've been a big part of my life since I was younger, and seeing you happy makes me happy too.
I was one of those guys begging you to quit hahaha, cause it was in your heart to, felix at his happiest or we reload the save that's just how it is.
It has been amazing whatching you grow and  growing with you and the content of this channel. I was here roughly since Amnesia... and the reason why I never left id really because as I grow, as you matured, the channel changed too. Someone will always be disappointed by not seen certain videos, and it's normal sometimes to miss something that you liked in the past (like fridays with pewdiepie that never even came on fridays😂), but that's it. People change and it's right to aknowledge that nothing can be the same forever. Seeing you change and do what you like because you love to do it (and not because you have to) has inspired many people, and that's more important than any number🙏
We love you  And we love your videos
Just try help out other YouTubers like me give me a shout out to people go subscribe to Jbilly get him too a 1Million subscribers thank you PewDiePie you’re one of the greatest
The japanese sun and ocean can be very cancerous if you arent careful. Make sure you wear sunblock. The sun will destroy you at a fast rate. Be careful.
STOP HITTING THE MIC FELIX
Tsunamis can happen at anytime while you are the ocean. Remember also catastrophe happens when you arent paying attention. Remember you could lose your life or your loved ones could at any moment from anything in Japan, especially a earthquake. I know it is hard to live life on edge but you should.
You are doing great. I thank you for sharing your views on thing. I love to see people with different view to make sure I grow as a person and thank you for sharing you
Everyone Is there to back you up! We love everything you do and we are 10000% supporting you. Can't wait for what's to come
wtf are you wearing for headphones hahahahahaha
You will always be the 1# YouTubers
I feel like no matter what felix does ill still be here supporting him. ☺️
5:33 yaa..it's a phase .. you don't have to do the old stuff which is a major part of the reason why people watches your videos .. you got over it and you tryin to grow through it but some conservatives may not like it anyway.
Pp
I don't think there will ever be a time in my life where I'm unwilling to watch anything you upload. I'm grateful you're not quitting, and I'm glad you're doing things at your own pace, and focusing on videos you enjoy. I'll be here for all of it.
It is unreal to me that this man has been a constant part of me growing up, i started watching him when I was 8, now I'm 18 and starting university. Thank you funny internet man, I'll always cherish you.
that's a cool headphones, pewds! anyways, i enjoy whatever content you upload, so just do what you wanna do. much love from Hawaii ❤️
He's far more MAGA than woke/leftist which is great for the young generation who watches his videos!
Love this. ❤
Isn't the point of YouTube to share what you want and your interests when you want? I know I'll mostly still be around for whenever you post but my interests have changed too so a few posts may be missed. I'm still here contributing to the  though! Best of luck as always!
i think you should find smaller headphones
Evolving.
Pewds, you’re one of those YouTubers who no matter what type of content you put out I watch. Your videos are always so enjoyable because you’re so relatable and funny. You’re probably the YouTuber who has made me laugh the most as well as inspired me and I’ve been watching since the amnesia/happy wheels days. I’m sure many others feel the same way; so just do what makes you happy because you’ve made millions around the world happy for so long. I’m also glad to see your passion for making videos is still strong! Literally you’re the best, can’t wait to see all your Japan adventures and other new videos. Wish you and your fam even more happiness!
I really enjoy your calm videos now. I think most of your fans also grew up with you
The gasp that came out of my mouth when that bro fist came
yanno man, you really deserve whatever is gonna make you happiest at this point
You don't quit because you need fame promotion and money 🤦🏻‍♂️🤷‍♀️
Well, can I have the channel then? Please.
👊You are apart of my day and week... I look forward to seeing your videos on my break at work and late at night after a long day in the Kitchen! (Head Chef) I find myself acting and pretending to be as funny as you with my co-workers (Swedish boy knee attack! ) lol... and honestly you helped me get through the death of my best friend. I agree with others when they say, you are like a best friend to most of us. You will never know us personally but we all love you both very much! I prayed for your happiness then, and still do today! You will always be my Bro!
Pewds you are and will forever be a consistent light on YouTube!
Привет Феликс. Я начала тебя смотреть примерно 8 лет назад, и тогда твои видео не переводили на русский, поэтому, благодаря тебе, я научилась переводить на английский самостоятельно и это очень помогло мне в написании научных статей по медицине + я понимала (почти) все приколюшки и игры слов и мой стиль юмора стал таким, каким он мне нравится. Спасибо вам большое) you're da best
dude. we love you man. you are such an inspiration to so many people, and the idea of you “quitting” (it’s more of a retirement lol) is like hard to think about. a YouTube without pewdiepie? no way man. obviously some day it will happen, but it’s okay i’ll be there to replace you 😉 jk man you’re one of the goats!
Bang handsome, please who am I, I have a complete package
I feel like Felix is the big brother that finishes school and moves out first, like years of games and laughs and good times end, and you still hear from him and still laugh, just less. You still talk and keep up to date but it’s not what it was as life gets in the way and it’s stresses, but slowly this becomes the new norm. You can’t help but be sad when you look back at the old times but you know that he is so much happier where he is now and has so much ahead of him that even though you hear from him seldom, it’s still as good as the old times. We miss you pewds and support your decision no matter what ♥️
Don't ever quit pewds
What's the point of having a youtube and gaining all of these things if you don't enjoy them? You've got to take time for yourself. There's no reason, especially in your position, to do the "youtube grind." You are who you are and upload what you want. Your youtube is your corner, your domain on the internet. It should reflect who you are and what you like, and you're in the perfect position to do that. Live your life, and do youtube as you enjoy it, life is too short to spend it worrying about these sorts of things. Death comes for us all, but the life we live in between is ours to choose.
keep doing you
we will always love you felix❤
i love this guy mann😂❤
Buy youtube.
Since he retired from the “keeping up” race and bs, the content has improved so much because you can see how he’s genuinely enjoying it again. It’s way better watching someone love what they’re doing instead of just cranking out content. Big love. Please stay retired and do what you enjoy.
Honestly at the end of the day, the numbers don't matter. Thats whats made us watch the your channel. Felix just being wholesome and screaming at barrels. Just enjoy youtube as a hobby, it doesn't need to be a job for you anymore. Enjoy your life and Japan, Felix.
Wao wao love PewDiePie
It's funny I have always ignored you and your channel over the years because I never cared about the big Youtubers. But now you seem to be moving towards the end of your chapter especially moving to Japan with a more relaxed mindset and I've subscribed to watch your videos finally.
Whatever you decide, your fans got you. We've all grown with you and continue to love you and the content you put out. I've been watching your videos since a little before Amnesia and I still feel so much relief when you pop up on the screen. No matter what you do on your channel, we all love YOU. I'm glad you didn't decide to leave but for the day you do, don't worry about it. We'll always be here to support you if you feel like coming back! If you don't, live your life the way you want! Youtube is a blessing for you in some ways but it's definitely something that needs to be let go of some day. I just hope the good outweighs the bad in the end. :)
Go keep going lol
Pewds is a fricking legend
100M subs 3M views Our Indian creator carryminati beated you
Man, you changed, what happened to the old PewDiePie...   Nah but in all seriousness, do what makes you happy.
Growing up i loved watching filthy frank and PewDiePie after the akward screaming fade... I'd honestly consider quiting youtube if Felix quits...cuz i can't find anyone as genuine on here ❤️
I enjoy your content so much more since your soft "retire". I felt like your content was turning into content for the sake of content. I'd watch it but feel pretty meh about it. Since you stopped doing pre designed segments and started just having fun making videos that you enjoy, the quality of the content has gone up considerably. It really shines through how much happier you are making this stuff now. I'm really really loving the Japan videos now too.
I remember being 9 and being apart of the 9 million gang.. I’m 19 now love you pewds. Brofist👊🏼
Yessssss, the real ones love to see you happy and making content that makes you happy, we love you as the person that you are, and it’s always fun watch because it’s genuine. I watch a fair amount of YouTubers but I always check for your uploads first, every time. From book review to convenient store squid, just happy for a new vid whenever it may be :,)
moist
I have watched you since I was in middle school and I’m 23 now! Do what makes you happy. We will still be here cheering you on no matter what you do ❤️
Shut up pewds and give us a child
TECH ALL ABOUT PAYING  BILLS PPL w/ out a job he cant pay bills
More gym stuff?
felix you are so truly earnest. i gotta say i feel privileged to have grown alongside you and your channel! cant believe i'm twice as old as i was when i first found you!
This made me smile I love you pewds ❤
Been here since the beginning. you have made a difference on my life growing up with your content. its time for youth do what you like pews. all the best, ill be here next upload!
Scheduled uploads on this platform are rather dumb, in my opinion. It’s the Internet. You can watch what you want when you want to. Why would a viewer  follow a schedule like it’s television? Makes no sense to me.   Viewers should watch when they want and Uploaders should Upload when they want. That’s freedom. That’s what the Internet is about!
Nice
life is a series of distractions until you die, embrace it
Pewds, even tho you don't play games (I think) I want you to play 60 seconds it's a very calm game
No regrets.
hey man, do what makes you happy! i love seeing any content from you… from old to new, i don’t complain as long as you two are happy :)
man, I’m so happy that Felix still uploads. i remember when i was in middle school and he uploaded that video about the AI cat (tom i think) and it just cracked me up at a time where i really didn’t fit in. i’ve just grown to love all of Felix’s content. To me Pewdiepie is a core memory and something i’ll always come back too. Thank you for all the content and love  -from a “bro”
Naa pews it just felt real you know no flashy 69sec jumpcuts no text on screen no grab my attention things just saying what you learned i like it maybe it's just me
It’s time to get right with Jesus! You aren’t going to automatically enter heaven if you’ve lied or stolen or had sex before marriage, don’t be deceived! The punishment of sin is Hell fire and we are all guilty of sin. We are guilty before God and need forgiveness. Call upon the name of Jesus and follow him. Pray and ask him to help you repent of your sins! He died so you could have everlasting life with your sins dealt with justly. He bore the punishment. You must know him today! You may not have another day
Love you pewds🥹😭❤
Glad to see you evolve Felix.bro fist 👊
❤️
We won't outgrown you, we'll grow with you pewds.
Pewds looks so happy ❤️
Basically what’s he’s saying is that for awhile atleast he’s going to take YouTube much much more casually then he used to years ago. I guess there’s still a chance he returns fully in some manner but happy to see this content formate still.
yea dont it would destroy me :(
You and Mr. beast should fight in the loser runs the other person‘s channel
You will probably never see this comment, and that's totally ok. I started following you in what you would probably consider the worst time for your channel. Around 2016. Not-gonna-lie, I found you through Alex Jones and I was in a deep YouTube rabbit hole at the time. However you think of him, know that all those articles and journalist that want to turn you into some extremist have things backwards. People like you are the subscriptions I needed to not completely lose hope in reality and to stay grounded. You are a genuine, real fucking person. YouTube, and the internet as a whole, has become some vapid, self-aggrandizing, advertising machine, but when I watch a Pewdiepie video, regardless of the era, I always know it's just fun, entertainment, and 100% you being you. You don't owe us anything more than we owe you. Stay, take a hiatus, quit, but never stop being you, and never forget that you matter to people.
I was in your channel even before I had internet access back at the home islands. Every step of the way had brought me happiness and inspiration to become a better person. I am glad that you were able to make it to the point that you can comfortably be yourself, which is what I loved in the first place. Keep your happiness and do the best!
😄
u inspire me to chase her and the bag
i love you+++
So happy you still upload. Love all the content, then and now. 🙂
I LOVE YOU
man get 7$ every 1000 veiws
Maybe gaming channel from here on out? Just chill n game
I want to see more book reviews from you.
💖💖💖
You're not here for us, we're here for you. Do what you want King, we'll be here.
You inspire me to find freedom and the ability to choose paths in life that bring me joy.
Pewds hear me out… scare pewdiepie season 2.5
Thanks Pewds for all the fun times and memories. Keep doing things you love and trying new things.
Damn those headphones are chunky. Couldn't stop looking at them.
A man never sets foot in the same river twice because it is not the same river and he is not the same man. Thank you for all the years pewds, it’s been a wild ride.
This was the first video I ever saw of pewDiePie
If you're going to be a count down channel now...just tell us.  "Number 15........"
Dam
❤️
Cool subs to me guys ✨
I’m glad he still uploads but does it for himself and how he likes
This was the second channel I ever subscribed to back in 2012. And I clicked on his video by accident. But I stayed. 15 year old me was depressed beyond belief and ready to end it all. I thought my life would never improve. But these videos got me through all my hard times. Now I'm finishing college, I have a great job, and I'm moving in with my soon to be husband. Thanks for everything Felix <3
Nooooo don’t quit. I love this channel and what it grew into!
Nice one piece notebook pewds.
Those headphones look heavy
Pewdiepie is my childhood, i firsted watched him when he played happy wheels, he inspires me to be a youtuber, i wamt to be like him, but also make something of myself, love you pewds brofirst👊
When Felix quits yt fr, I'll quit watching yt. Fr. ❤️
That's called growing up. Just please don't forget that despite - or rather because of - all the freedom you've been able to enjoy for quite a while now, you still bear a great deal of responsibility. Not necessarily as a role model, but as someone with an incredible reach who can (still) draw attention to certain undesirable developments. I, like the majority of your viewers, trust that you will remain true and authentic to yourself and not drift permanently into a perfect parallel world. A world, which would let us forget the everyday worries for some short moments, but in which you would alienate yourself more and more from reality and ultimately from us. Godspeed!
It's been really fun lately :) I'm glad Pewds is sticking around
You were talking about all the thing you done and i am happy to say i am here since the begining and you and marzia still make me happy and enjoy looking at your videos and instagram post. Also, its always better when you enjoy what you are doing because it is more genuine. Love growing up with you (pews), felix, marzia and the pugs. Thank you so much! 🤎
We will always love you pewds! Reguardless of upload schedule
I was trying to explain how fun the subreddit was to my bf today & it was truly just something you had to be a part of. You made a huge impact on me and the boys in my fam. Big pp forever. Bros for life.
I remember finding you for the first time back in 2011 and seeing you as an inspiration. You were the first youtuber i enjoyed watching and that will never change
Pew di pai is big YouTuber
Pewds 🥺 miss u. Miss the subreddit. Brought me so much joy. Love you and Marzia and the puppers. Thank u for not quitting.
Lord yutuber
I feel like anything pewdiepie makes, Id love to watch
So proud of how far you’ve come even with all these doubts! The way you create content is like no other YouTuber. But you do what you need to do ur fans plus me honestly just enjoy watching you for you! Don’t give up💕 bro fist👊🏻
I Want That Gaming Chair 💺
Love pewds n marzia Particularly love the new content ❤
Tambourine headset!
Guys, his uploads are perfect, if you don’t agree dont watch!   This isn’t a job for Felix anymore, he does what he wants with his life, you guys, us real fans (not trying to sound condescending or “alpha” for you internet fiends) don’t want him to FEEL like he’s having to upload every week/on a basis,  he’s uploading when he feels like, imagine you in his shoes, you. Don’t wanna quit, but you want to have more of a life outside of YouTube. So you do what he does, yall need to stop before you push him to far to do stuff he doesn’t want to do,  We all love you Felix, the OGs That actually enjoy what you upload no matter what will always stick around, “dead channel” shouldn’t be a phrased used, you’re simply finishing off or slowing down in that career of your life.
Some times you gotta go back to your roots bro 🤘
Mark 16:16 Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned.
Don't quit please
He is not changed. He has come back to normal 😄. He had gone insane and now he is same as he was eight years ago. ❤️👊
I will always love your content, you are a very nice person and your videos always makes my days better. :D
I remember watching you play Happy Wheels and my favorite were the Dark Souls videos, ZERO DEATHS! GET SHAVED! Those were the days lol I hope you and Marzia have a wonderful future together! 😇
Heartfelt congratulations bro on your all the well-deserved success you've achieved so far and best wishes for your next adventure!
Hey Felix, you probably won't see this, but I appreciate all your videos and will literally watch everything you upload. I grew up with you/your channel, and it always feels like going to a friend's house when I come watch your new content. I'm glad that you didn't "quit" or stop uploading.
you should be in Impaulsive rn
As a fan who has been here for a decade or a little over, it’s been crazy to see the success, the change, the tough times, and every part in between in pewds channel over the years. I miss the old content on occasion but it’s great to see who he is and what he has become since that time. We all grow and change and that’s okay. We have to accept that. We have to accept that it was a different time and enjoy the content we get still to this day
Ayo Pewdiepie. I genuinely haven't seen you since late 2000s. You have aged so well. Grats!
Keep doing what you like doing pewds !
WHO THE HELL ARE THESE PEOPLE TELL U TO QUIT !?!
You feel off
PLEASE NEVER QUIT HELL NAH I WOULDN'T FUNCTION ....
Just do whatever you want to do pewds
please don't stop creating videos :(
Love ya Felix and Maria !! Thank you for all the years of awesome videos!!
Proud of you pewds, happy to see everything going smoother now and you are genuinely enjoying your life in general 🙆🏻‍♀️
Do more book reviews! Do videos of what is meaningful to you!
👍
can i just say that lana rhoades would happily meet this man
People can't cancel pewdiepie because he's not a serious person much of the time. Then there's those serious moments where he talks about his life.
You’ll always be my favorite YouTuber ❤
So when is the next weird snack review?
Been watching you for 12 years now. Really glad everything worked out in the end and I would love to watch you play a game again sometime.
I’ve been subscribed since 7th grade and have enjoyed every bit of it now I’m 23 and have a job and still support you pewds I’m glad you are enjoying life you deserve it.  My comedy would be what it is without you either 😂
I'm so glad that youre still uploading. No matter what you upload, you're still awesome :D
Yes, you do you Felix~ 🤜🤛
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
You know why? It is the most popular game on PlayStore
...roblox.
I think you should really play...
You upload what you want man we love you no matter what you do
a
Pewds please make more mine craft vids
Thanks for all the laughter's, enjoy your time!
Felix, with peace and love, of course we like your shallow videos we come here for escapism
I’m not crying, you aree
That brofist just took me back at when I was 12 and watching his amnesia videos 🥺 thank you so much, Felix.
You're maturing as an individual, and your content will probably evolve further with that.  Do what feels right!
6:30 he feels stress/scared of next upload even w all his success and monetary stability, it’s part of being human
Mad respect for you thank you Felix mr. pewdiepie🖐🏻👊🏻
This. This is what success looks like.
♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟♟
the real always stay pewds, whatever videos you upload we the real bro army will be there to enjoy it with you so please dont quit, your videos are even more fun to watch now.
AVOID DRAMA and just do your thing.  That sort of thing doesn't bode well in Japan LOL  If you want to stay in Japan it's better to just do the things you enjoy or stick to just review and reaction videos, simple stuff.
Felix is maturing.  I like the deeper Pewds 💗👊
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.     /.
OMG Felix, so deep you're about to reach Jaden Smith 😂😂
Good for you, mate
It's fun and you will make more subscribers
Play roblox
i love and appreciate you so much pewds. Your content always makes me smile. I started watching in your Happy Wheels days, and I've seen you change a lot. As a loyal viewer, Im happy watching you be happy (expect Im really jelous about Japan tbh). So please keep makign videos of whatever you want to make. If it takes 1 day, 1 week, or 1 year. Ill watch it! Good luck with everything. We're happy for you.  *Bro Fist*
👊👊👊👊👊  ten years here with you, Hello from Venezuela.🤓🤓
I feel like everyone is always doing never ending achievement. And you did it. But when you feel enough you care no more about it, and more enjoy things in real life and fun.
Pewdiepie philosophical talks are nice.
I’m so happy that you don’t want to quit YouTube. Honestly, I can’t imagine this platform without you Felix. Please keep making videos that YOU enjoy making. We will support you no matter what! And those who won’t have never been real Pewds 😛
This is my first comment
you could always do it as a hobby
Thank you for sticking around, Felix. I love your videos. I am so glad you are doing things for you and it shows. All I want for you is to be happy and for you to be you.
Brofist ❤️
I am so happy for you <3
those are some nice headphones
I’ll always support you and whatever you want your channel to be. I’m glad you’re happy!
wholesome video. Thank you Pewds!
i dont think that you gonna do this your entire life, but i got to know you a bit over the years felix, after all, for a period of your life, you were here on youtube every single day, you get to know someone when you see them every single day.   what i have to tell you, is somthing that you probably aready know... you have suceeded in life, you have a beautiful wife, you can pay your bills, and i think that youtube isnt "necessary" for you anymore, the impression that i have, is that the reason you still post some stuff on youtube, is because you enjoy what you're posting, is because it does make you feel happy, and here comes the part that i think you aready know:   you shoud live your life in a very simple way... do what you enjoy, when you enjoy, and how you enjoy doing it... you aready say it very clear that you're not gonna post content every single day anymore, so you know what i think you should do? simple, when you want to post something, do it... when you dont want, dont do it...   if you want to go out with marzia in a vacation and say "you know what? i dont want to record anything, i just want to enjoy it" than do it, but f you want to record it, than do it as well... i dont care if i get a video from you evry day, once in a week, once in a month, once in a year even... when you post a video, i gonna watch it, if you dont post a video for a year, 2 years, or 5 years, i still gonna be a sub, and if you post again, i gonna come to watch it... if you never post again, i'll just asume you're living your life.   what you CANT do, is think there is some kind of obligation here... when you want to take some time, just come and say "guys, i gonna take some time, i dont know how ling is gonna be" and do it... if you want to stop making videos this years, stop it... if you want to record a video when you reach 90, than record it... just do what you feel like doing, you earned it by now.
absolutely wholesome, you're exactly what the peak youtuber must be, someone happy who enjoys what he does and does it for fun. I really envy you, but Im glad that you found happiness  edit: I started following you a short time ago since I didn't understand english back then, so I didn't see your content evolve but I really like what youre uploading since I follow you, stay being yourself, stay happy, everyone loves you
Financially YouTube would hate to see you leave...🤔 I'm sure you can afford to retire. But you're too young to sit there and do nothing. But I'm sure you could do something else, and be very successful at it.👍 Personally I wouldnt know what to do. If I had your money, and I could go and live wherever I wanted, and could do as I pleased. It would be great for a while I guess. But that isn't total fulfilment. You've been an inspiration to many.. 👏👏👏 Wishing you and your family much happiness and peace, whereveryou choose to be..🤍🌻
Watched your first vid when you released your first video playing Amnesia custom map in Swedish. Since I was literally like 12 and was from Sweden, I instantly got hooked. Watched all your Amnesia, The Walking Dead and Last of Us playthroughs. Got me through some tough times !
Who cares?
I've been watching since 2014? 15? somewhere around there and it's been awesome to see felix grow as a person and kind of grow with him myself. I had an edgy phase as well and it feels like whatever he uploaded I would watch and enjoy every single year. now I am significantly less edgy and obnoxious. I just turned 26 and I wouldn't say I'm smart per se lmao but I definitely feel wiser than before and feel like felix has become much wiser too. he feels like the cool big youtube brother to us all in a way :) and now I'm just so genuinely happy that he's in a place where he doesn't feel pressured to upload or do anything, but also doesn't want to quit. I'm grateful to have a comforting chill vlog channel to watch and a cool big brother in a weird parasocial way lmao. and honestly I've been absolutely loving marzia's editing. I love her style so much and it feels like she's more part of the videos that way :)
Thanks bro for everything
I enjoy your vlogs, we're growing with you. Maybe just change your avatar? something Japanese?
I miss your videos with ken 😢
i don't know why you make this video but i'm glad you're still uploading from time to time and not just leaving us like other's
just wanted to say ive enjoyed the japan content alot
love you pewds! thank you for always keepin it real
I would like to right a big paragraph talking about xyz about this video but I'm not going to.  Instead: Respectable, what a CHAD
Thanks for addressing this it’s your choice to continue we love your content no matter what Pewdiepie vs Mr.Beast Soon???
12 seconds. That's how long I could stand listening to this dude. Wtf. More like peewee herman pie. Stop ✋️.
I am so happy you are still here. I was so worried that with everything going a few years back that we would lose you the way we lost Jenna. Having your videos, regardless of what they are about, is such a comfort, but also a reminder of change. a lot of us have grown up here with you, seen you grow and change, and have grown and changed ourselves. I hope that for all the time you are here you are happy and having fun
I was late to the game when I started watching pewds in late 2017 in fourth grade when I’ve had my highs and my lows I would always look forward to the next pewdiepie upload and every time I get that “PewDiePie uploaded 1 new video” it makes my day. No matter where you go, Felix, I still respect you and I’ll support you.
Thank you pewdie. Love u
I missed the BROFIST so much
Do you think Mr. beast might pass you on subscribers
Man it's like for the past decade we have been growing together, going through each stage at the same time. That's why I've been enjoying your chanel throughout the years!
Do you think Pewds will retire from youtube/quit???
I don't know why but I loved this video. I'm not an all-time viewer (tough I've been trying to catch up like...10 years of content), and I have to admit that: 1. I really envy you for going to stay in Japan, and 2. For keep evolving as you go, with resonance over may of us and not being ashamed by it./ I really hope you keep going on and I at least, will try to keep up viewing your content.
I really liked the edgy pewdiepie back them, miss him somethimes. But I like the chill pewds too
That last few seconds made me really happy
good for you Felix <3 Brofist! <3
Men i love this Chanel so much 💓
Love the headphones, I remember when you said you would delete your channel at 50M and you did, just another channel. lol
You inspired people now. Continue to have fun Felix! I love your Japan Vlogs but I also like watching you playing games. Rock ON! 💜
we love you pewds
you should quit. the content is bad.
I got a good idea what if you could start A biasness (that you have to) but you can start something new?
When he did the pro fist 😭😭😭😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
i think calling it quit is fine for anyone. The fact you want to continue must mean their is some enjoyment left in this that still draws you back and you should know their is a community to still welcome you back felix
I mean how can you hate this guy
God I love this man😭
I think it's time for me to quit watching youtube altogether. It's not you, it's youtube.
First thing is your headphones are so cool, I love them! It definitely shows that you're so much happier doing your own thing. We are so incredibly proud of you, especially considering what you've been through all these years. Keep doing what you want to do, we are here to support you!
💛💛💛💛
Bro mrbeast is catching up
pew Pew is a wise man.
You've already won at life... what else could you ask! Just enjoy what you love doing❤️
The fact that we've almost basically grown up with him is crazy. I love it because I'm getting older, so is he and priorities are changing.
As someone who’s cried from laughter, countless times at your videos. As long as you feature in them, the type of content doesn’t really matter. As long as you enjoy doing them, that’s what’s up. The Japan chapter / vibe shift so far has been really dope though.
Naw bruh this whole "I RetIRd" but still uploading videos (which are monestised) is a bunch of bunk, you ain't "retired" till you stop posting videos all together and stop making money off of your pewdiepie name. Not that I care either way...
Don’t quit !
guttasclothing
If you ever decide to quit you should sell your YouTube channel for one trillion dollars
Long live PewDiePie!
truth is guy got lucky we live in a r_tardedass world, and his trash content with him screaming, was liked by people who waste our air
No don't quit please I have been watching since amnesia days you have helped me in more ways then u can imagine pewdiepie. I'm 21 years of age now and  you have saved my life litterally keep going  and make videos
You got some homework, pewds. Don't look at your analytics for a whole month. Then, when you do that, up it to two months. Then three. Like a mental workout. I feel like you'll enjoy youtube more when you dial back the modern youtube nonsense this site tries to force on you, and return to just casually enjoying posting.
*I quit YouTube   The reason 90% of the people clicked on the video
I have a feeling we will never see a little felix or marzia :/ they seem to not want a spawn at all
I am really happy that you will not stop youtube, I have been following you since about 2011 now I am 20 years old, I have stopped following you for many years but lately I have found you again and I am very happy I did, I have looked at all the videos that I have lost and now I wonder why I stopped following you, however I am of the opinion that people do not follow you for the content of your videos but for your person who I think is truly special and unique, keep doing what you do, you make my days better.
This is a great wholesome video, love it pewds & everything you have done on YouTube & plan to do
❤
It's not about the money or fame anymore, it's more like a "hobby" now, for fun, not work.
we saw his dating life through0out his entire career, so while he is busy with youtube, he also always have time with marzia, now they are married and im waiting for the kids
though my first channel was me copying him but at least i learned to work in youtube and upload stuff, now instead of being another copy i'm just an artist who makes money out of commissions and learns animating for future works
Man look here you can’t take this for granted. Also in ever job / career anything will get boring the key is breaks even if they r long. Don’t ever quit. But it ok to stop there is a different
In Soviet googlestan, YouTube QUITS you!
You have 111m subs and mrbeast has 104m subs +102.81m from other channels.
you dont have to quit cold turkey. Even a video every once a month just to make sure youre doing well would sit well for me
The Japan vlogs are some of my most favorite videos from you. I love that you’re still posting! Your channel has changed so much over the years and I think that’s what makes it so great. It’s your channel and it changes as you do. I’m glad you’re still having fun with it after so many years
bro we love you and always will your the god of YT you own this shit my man, your the OG of OG's Pewdiepie changed everything, we love u
Learning curve thanks weeeee
What
Pewdiepie Japan Arc is the best one yet, even if its possibly the final one!
I'm proud of you Felix.
Wealth, fame, power. pew D.iepie, the King of the Youtubers, attained everything this world has to offer
If you're really gonna keep doing this, you should make videos about what you really love and have fun making. As you said numbers don't mean anything anymore so you shouldn't worry about views. Just do you, we'll be here for you anyways.
pewdiepie is that one friend.  (there is no punchline)
PEWDS HAS ACCEPTED THE BROFISTTTTT!!!!
felix i am now talking to you DONT quit there is so much more to do ❤️
Nice :)
Quit or don’t quit! Just know I’ll be rooting for you either way
Tbh Felix should retire. He's brought us enough content and memories to watch and remember him by.
I love your book review videos, I would love to see you talk about some new books you've read ❤️
Pewds I love you as long as you’re enjoying what you do that’s all I ask
pew die pie is like one pice
Bros using Audeze LCD 2’s for recording a video 💀💀💀 that’s how you know bros hella rich. For those who don’t know to properly use those you need like 3k worth of equipment (including the headphones)
booring
I, I, I, I, I, me, me, my, my, me.. 😁👍
YESSSS YOU’RE NOT QUITTING
Use your Money to invest into Hentai-Production!
I remember the first Pewdiepie video I ever watched back in 2011 on my mum's computer after dinner on a school night, No More Room In Hell with Cry, and now 11 years later I find myself in my studio avoiding work to watch your videos. Thank you for everything. We all always watch and support your channel no matter what you do or where you decide to go with your career. Long Live The King!!
Our boy is entering the 10 years old phase
I don't spend so much time watching videos for entertainment on YouTube (except maybe when I'm about to fall asleep like right now) but it is always and it will always be nice to come back to this channel and see you uploading something, listen to your voice etc. It's like returning to meet an old friend, I appreciate you a lot. Enjoy Japan!
Have been here since Call Of and so happy to still enjoy your videos and see how far you've come ❤️ *brofist"
He has such a Muslim mindset
Been watching since 7th or 8th grade. I'm 25 now. You've been my favorite even though I haven't watched consistently every single day. I can tell you're a good guy and that and your sense of humor drew me to this channel.  Growing up you realize, your heros are people too. And even though I see you as a person now, you're still my hero. Love the vids and will always support Pewds and the bros. Bro army forever 👊
I just love this guy .
IV been here from the start, since the cod days, and I've watch most of your videos, but I've enjoyed it the most when it actually feels like you enjoy it, tack Felix för de närmaste 13 åren !
Thanks for being there for us all these years to. Yes you've changed a lot since I started watching (around happy wheels) but I alwasy enjoyed what you put out cause it was about connecting with you, the creator, not the content per say. I miss game playthroughs, I would always watch yours but that's okay
I dont understand those who want you to quit. Do as you please man, glad to see you happy and enjoying life
I respect the fact that you still upload. Please upload at least once a year. Or maybe just as often as VSauce posts a video. I want to still be watching your videos 50 years from now!
Just don't laugh all time it's soooooo annoying bro
PewDiePie, you keep being you, even if that means you change and do new things. You were in this much longer than the rest, and you've persisted with all the changes. Why can't youtube persist with you? Keep doing what you love.
How do you have 111mil and get 2-3 mil and vid
Ka pai. Wholesome as
This is my favorite era of your channel btw
be yourself! follow your heart! wants tso quit? quit. wants to stay, stay! we are happy to have you
So you never come back like before,?
Your welcome and also thank you for making my childhood a Little bit better and teaching me English
Paypal me @Lazer02. Thanks for any amount
You made it. I am proud of you
Love you pewds
INDIA 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Pewd's channel format is awesome my dude, what do you mean "when is he leaving" ?!  I love that there's videos from the heart nowadays. Dont get me wrong, meme review, gaming and pew news were/are great but they would never be better than a video in which you see someone genuinely happy doing whatever they are doing. Achieving a dream, living their best life! If anything, I am happy that Felix is still bothering to share his life with us, I wouldn't if I were him. I am super hyped that he is not going to retire yet too, like dude, we get to watch more quality content from this legend. Im here to stay, because this channel is and has been a part of my life for the past 10 years and I aint ready to leave it yet either. It's like watching an old friend just succeeding in life while tagging me along, it's awesome!
Honestly these vlogs have been my favourite thing to watch on YouTube. You can really tell pewds is more relaxed and it makes them so much better.
Ok
I love watching your Japan vlogs, and I enjoy watching whatever you want to post. Keep doing what you love! <3
You’re the goat in my eyes. How do you feel about live-streaming nowadays ?
Great character development you're so cool Felix 😎
and thats the pewdiepie we love just enjoying what he uplaods and doing what he love we are here to support :)
ah pewds, you're the best. I've grown up with you, I'm literally in my 30's now! I hope you do whatever it is that makes you happy. I love the book reviews ffs so I'm out of luck lol but just do what it is that makes you happy ,f views. You have 110 millions subs, you will be fine lol
Thank the lord you won’t quit
It doesn't matter what content you make pewds, cause you make anything entertaining 😂 love you
Why that bro fist hit so hard tho lol
Need more book reviews and philosophy videos, assuming you still enjoy doing it 🙏
brofist
You really are YouTube’s biggest asset Felix. To have a creator with everything yet so humble you are such a good role model for others which definitely goes under appreciated by others and most likely yourself. You’re content has definitely matured with both yourself and your viewership and I have been especially enjoyed the blogs, philosophical and the gym videos. How genuine you are is why you are loved. I agree you should definitely do what makes you happy, as that’s what life is all about. Much love
i really wanted to watch you play The quarry when it came out . i loved when you played until dawn. I  do miss you playing games on here but i understand! :)
Talking about "distractions" it kinda sounds like Felix is out of touch with the viewer but more in touch with himself which is good for him.
The chill vibe of the past two years is what made me come back, you seem to enjoy it more and it reflects into your videos, just do you man, we are here to support ;)
To truly love something you have to let it go😘☺️
I just watched the congratulations song again three years now and I'm glad you didn't quit :)
If you quit I'll quit my life also
I make a comment like this every now and again, ill say it again because I feel it should be said. Pewds, Im so happy for you. Ive watched your channel for 10 years. Ive watched you grow and become who you are. And I've always enjoyed your content. Please continue to do what makes you happy :) I'll watch what you post and enjoy it. Thanks for being you!
holy headphones batman
Make a new channel, that way you can have your actually community. Then PewDiePie channel will be this perserved insted off some dead channel. Then People can visit pewdiepie in 10years and watch back, and Felix kjellberg fans can watch his channel
I've loved the recent change in content! It's so chill and relaxing. It's great to see you're enjoying your life. The one series that I fell in love with oddly is the book reviews! I thought if them as a very positive thing to encourage more to read and it's not something that people in your position generally promote
Keep sharing good books ;)
Always here, haven’t left 👋
Yea but how is this going to affect lebrons legacy
I think the best thing Pewds can do is make an alternative website of Youtube himself, he is all capable of doing that. He can do stuff like he used to do pre in the pre 2018 good times era. Even if the leftists try to cancel him why does he need to care. Fk them.  I think pewds needing to care about views and how well the vids are doing too.
sometimes when i cross bridges i think.. what a fucking ni....
The haircut is sick looks great
What headphones is he using?
Would LOVE to the see you play The last of us Part 1 on ps5 if you’re up to it. The original was by far my favorite series from you
We love and support you pewds true fans watch you for you
I've been following for years, and I have loved every phase. I'm happy you're healthier and living your dreams.  Thank you! Keep doing you, because (and its proven) as long as you keep your essence we'll still be here :D
I have to confess I have been watching your videos more recently because at some point I lost interest in the videos before Japan. Now I have been enjoying your vlogs so much. Enjoy Japan! Hopefully some day I will too.
Hi how are sir ?
Glad to have you here Pewds, I still watch all your jumpscare videos for fun. Everything is because of who you are. Thank God for your entertainment, God bless you my friendo
i love these changes. his camera quality is so pristine
man, when I watch your VLOG content it feels like I'm watching the epilogue of a story where everyone is happy and life is going amazingly, but if it got stretched out to a whole extra season/book/etc. It just makes me happy seeing you happy and how well life is going, it really does feel like you're retired and just sharing the fruits of your success with everyone and honestly I'm here for it. Thanks for entertaining me and so many others for all these years and I hope the good times continue :)
So proud of who you have become, man. I'm a bro since 2012 (same goes to the PEWDIE and pewpewpewPEWDIE account hah), and it's really wholesome to see how far you've come, and how much you grown.   We appreciate you  and we're here for the next part of your journey. ✌️
Have new experiences. Record and share those. Like gardens, boat rides,museums etc.
Glad you're enjoying making videos on Youtube again. You do what you want, Felix. Just make sure you're having fun. 👊
i wouldn’t classify you as a veteran. some people do professions for 30+ years. but i assume you didn’t quit for the same reason everyone else works, Money.
I love that you didn't quit, I love that you're still here. Youtube isn't complete without PewDiePie.
If he quits his editors are out of a job.
It's your time to be a dad and enjoy your life :))
No bro
Dont ever quit Felix, dont listen to those idiots. How does it matter to them if you quit or not I dont get it. Your vlogs are so good and chill, atleast keep uploading vlogs and we will love it. I have been one of your bro army since my childhood and now im a full grown adult, seeing your favorite youtuber quit is not so pleasing :( Love you, brofist <3
Really happy that you are still uploading🙌🏻
Love you pewds
Thank God don't ever quit
I feel like once Felix has a child his time will be limited on YouTube trying to take care of his child that’s when people will drift off YouTube
I think, when you have a comment section with a good mood, you're doing something not wrong.
Forsure wanna see your surfing journey!!
Don't quit
Came back after like a year to this channel and the brofist still brings me a smile. Proud of you for looking after yourself, Felix! You have served us well :)
Hey felix I'm probably one of your older viewers in my mid forties and have enjoyed the entertainment you have provided over the years. You do you mate, you deserve the success. I still enjoy checking in from time to time to see what you are upto. People change with age so I understand the need to do other things. I do miss your gaming videos though if I'm honest. Just promise to never quit entirely. Lots of love from Wales UK 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🇸🇪🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🇸🇪🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿🇸🇪
Best character arc
I just farted
sub to The sport_goats
I started watching pewdiepie when I was like 13 (8 years ago) and it's nice to see someone who has gone through changes and experiences alongside me. So happy he's living his best life in Japan:)))
Please just keep making videos as you like them to be, we'll still enjoy them.
I am so happy to hear that you are doing what you love and taking some time to enjoy Japan and other aspects of life. Keep doing you Pewds, we wouldn't want it any other way
loved the beast master 64 cameo
We are always with you man
Whatever you decide to do with the channel I will still be your fan. I don't watch your videos because of type of content but because of how wholesome kind person you are. Keep doing what you love to do.
Support will always be there
Absolute love and support 🙌🏼
Dude don't quit! We love your videos Shows us that there are cool people in the world! You and your girl are super cute and amazing. You make my day so bright  Stay and be awesome Please
if Felix is happy, im happy <3
Seriously so happy to hear this, you do you Pewds!
Pew pew pew
Are you going to finally play call of duty?
You suck now but I'm glad you doing what you want. I want more like the diogenes video and the funny songs from fan content.
The "doing whatever tf I want and enjoy while sharing it with everybody on YT" felix is best felix imo, both the content and the enjoyment.
pewds story did end already for me. The best part is I get to actually watch his happy ever after.
I feel like if you went away from youtube ALOT of people would slowly drift away too, you may not think it but you literally paved the way for about 75% of peoples content! Your the goat of youtube! I do miss most of your old content but like you say things change and so do the viewers! Never quit pewds 👊🏼
you're my inspiration for creating videos and in life pewds so do whatever you want, just be you and enjoy life.
Love u
He underestimates the role of meme and haha videos... A lot of us really like the every other day 15 minutes of simple dumb fun.
I support you whatever you do, Pewds, but man I just wish we could get a book review from time to time (the most underrated (?) content that I loved)
These videos of you chilling and enjoying your time in Japan have been so good. Being 28, they feel more "my age" if you will 😂 I also feel like even though the quantity of videos have dropped, the quality is still going up
I have been following felix since i was 16 years old in 2010, but at some point i felt like the content kinda shifted in a direction that changed the way i saw pewdiepie. I felt i couldn't relate to him anymore. So i stopped following.  At times, i used to check in to see how he's doing, but never stayed.  Then in 2020, i was already going through a lot of changes in the beginning of the year and then came covid. I had been watching much more YouTube than usually and started to find my self watching pewdiepie and getting the same feeling as back in the first 5 years, except that felix has "grown up" and learned from his mistakes. And so have i. I finally felt like i was a bro again.  Since then, i have been here every week waiting on updates on how he, marzia, maya and edgar are doing. And i couldn't be happier to see my childhood bro living his dream.  Felix you have deserved all good that has come to you and whatever you do, do it because you love it.  I believe i speak for most here when i say, if you love it, we're gonna love it.  So just keep doing you!  *brofist*
Nah man that's just adorable Thank you
They’re gonna have a baby. Im predicting it
worship  the Lord your God he is soon returning , let him come into youre heart accept him as youre Lord and saviour
I've never subscribed to gaming channel. I subscribed to Pewds :)
I wouldn't say pewds is letting me down he's just making content that I don't watch these days. I've watched pewdipie since I was 12 years old now 22 this man doesn't owe me a God damn thing.
Woah new headphones, kinda lookin like Bongos :)
I bro fisted the shit out of my screen
the current, real pewds is teh best we have ever seen
♥️💙♥️♥️💙♥️💙♥️
King
I enjoy the new videos. I wouldn't be mad if all you did was vlogs in Japan. Just set this channel on cruise control if people want gaming and other shit there's other growing channels
Yeeet
You can feel Pewds reached the point of enlightment, that everyone should have in those days. Love this dude.
I hope we will get to see that katana forge in a future vlog !
I love that pewds is still here and post when he want to ☺️
tbh I'm happy that Pewds is still here!
This isn’t pewds. You can clearly see the deepfake cgi. They’ve killed Felix and replaced him with a faceless person.
Felix make some roast videos. I miss those
it’s been crazy watching pewds (and his channel) change so much over the past 11 years. i’m 22 now, but i’m so thankful that my 11 year old self decided to click on that random amnesia playthrough video (with the absolutely CHAOTIC thumbnail lol). although i was always missing his let’s plays and random indie horror games, i’m glad he didn’t permanently define his channel to one genre. he blessed his fans (bros lmao) with entertaining content for years, and i’m happy that now he’s able to just have fun with his channel. he finally has the freedom to do whatever he wants with it. so, from the 6th grade girl to the graduate student, we love u pewds! brofist <3
I found you during the happy wheels days, I've been leaving and coming back to your channel frequently throughout the years... If you decided to go with some content that I dont necessarily find too entertaining, I wont watch it but I will ALWAYS check the next thing you choose to do. Loving it as it is right now. And I think I'll never leave again
pewds, as long as you enjoy making videos, there will always be those of us that will watch and enjoy and smile and support and love you, and mertz. we’re all so proud of you and happy for you that you’re loving your dream. we love just seeing you live your best life and enjoy your new home.
Every video that you made was always good even if the topic was maybe a bit  stupid
Nah Felix you don't need to quit, if you want to make videos from time to time that's still epic. Hope yer lovin Japan!
I absolutely love your Japanese vlogs Felix. They always put me at ease and make me feel like I'm right there with you. It's also nice to see a country I hope to one day see. With that being said, if you ever need a break, you're true fans will be here along side you whenever you need a break. Even if you just made your vlog videos, I'd be happy ❤️
can't explain how much I love your vlogs of japan at the speed you want. It's really refreshing to see your guys' appreciation for the country and just bringing us along is what any true fan would love. Love this era of pewds!
You could Make Anime reviews and steal Joey's content. Since he isn't the anime man anymore
Felix in history: Reeeeeeeeee Felix now: Let's do content with value and fun. Looking back It was distraction and cringe sometimes. Felix in the future: Quantum physics, deep phylosophical studies, high level gymnastics :D
I have been watching Pewds since amnesia. I have changed over the years and so has Pewds. Getting married, having kids, responsibilities will make you more mature as time goes by. If he was still screaming at barrels and blaming Mr. Chair; I wounder if I would still be watching him. I think it is cool to see someone grow as a person while I grow as a person. I am glad he still shares his life with us. He has made it in this life but still takes the time to say thank you and hey here is what I have been doing. It is awesome and I thanks to him for it.
We just want you to be happy pewds, you will be remembered forever
You are one of the most honest content creators out there so I appreciate it you keeping your content true to what you consider good bro 👊🏻
Hi pewds  You don’t know I exist but i want you to know (and i speak for many people) that i love you so much that I don’t care what kind of content you’re putting, i will always watch and feel happy that you’re happy.. that’s how much i love you
I rather you not though
thank you pewds! I remember watching you every day when I walked to school during middle school year and now I'm a sophomore in college still watching. I'm so grateful for you!
Pewds I feel like ur ready to have a family now
Japan volgs are like warm hug.
Thanks for not quiting youtube ! <3
I enjoyed your pewnews cause it was a fun take on all the drama channels at the time but it would feel out of place today.
While I miss your horror videos I hope you keep doing what you enjoy
i bet you'll be at this untill the end of youtube
Pewds, whatever you do, the people will like it, because it is the way you are, and like you said, the channel HAS changed, and for good, at least that’s the way I see it, but thanks always for no matter what, giving us great content, I will always enjoy your content, no matter what you post, because whatever you post, that’s the way you feel, and that’s great content, thanks for everything Pewds!
Videos along the lines of the Starship Troopers one. Its so different to your “normal” expected content and its absolutely my favourite one you’ve ever done.
Ñañeñiñoñu
Ñ
Ñ
Ñññññññññ
Im glad you didnt quit, and kept your channel, how do i say this, original? I think i can say that this channel stayed a "You"tube channel and not a "Relevant"tube channel. Its nice to relate with people.
Is there any way you can organize your videos by year and categorize it? I miss the old pewd videos!! PLEASE!!!!!
still doing awesome videos
Authentic af, that's why we love you! Keep doing what you like, we will enjoy no matter what, we are here because of who you are.
I'm still waiting for ketchup duck
Legend
I'm glad that you will stay with us just for the fun :)
Just do what you love!
Siuuu
watching Pewds from kid to adult xD
I will always support you
BROFIST PEWDS
Thank you pewds
Happy to hear you finally enjoy your life. I hope we all can experience that, live the life.
pewds! not been huge into a lot of videos lately, but never wanted you to completely quit youtube. I love the updates and seeing where you've gone man. Its less like it was forever ago where its waiting to see the next episode of some game series and more of a hey, this is what i've been into lately. I've been busy a lot lately so i just pop in and check on you from time to time and congrats on the life you've built and I hope you live it up man!
I genuinely just want to see you and your little family happy bro. I don’t care if it’s 1 video a month, or none. You’ve earned your spot on YouTube, and you’ve earned your right to just sit back and chill now. That said, I would love to see you get Marzia pregnant. I have a feeling that she’s going to be carrying a Mini Pewds soon. She’d be a great mother, and you’d be a great father. Just PLEASE don’t become a cringey influencer family. I know you won’t.
plz don't go
That one, was my favorite bro fist Felix. :)
This sounds like a breakup video
those headphones look well not great
Pewds is probably the main reason youtube gaming is even a thing
It’s so amazing to see you grow as a person! Props to you for sticking through and with it! Can’t wait to see more of Japan through you! Keep at it :)
can't believe that this man has been part of my childhood when i was 7 years old and now i'm 18 soon 19 in january i wouldn't be sad if he does quit youtube i would actually be happy, happy that i was actually part of this community
Felix, alot of people enjoy your content, if you want to quit, just know that you have the laurels of THE MOST successful youtuber ever. Early retirement isn't something to be ashamed of, it's something to be proud of, if it's for the right reasons etc.
first year of highschool until 4th year in college :) I 🫶🏼 you, Pewds!
The new stuff is amazing! Whatever you make I know we we will love it.
The day you upload your last video is the day YouTube dies.
How can you dislike Pewds? What a legend 👏
THE REAL QUESTION IS When will we see pewdiepie baby
you do you pewds, we will always be here!
i’m glad he didn’t quit it’s always nice to check up on you pewdiepie
pirobo lo amo! Mucha suerte en todo, sigue viviendo rey
i feel like Felix just got trapped into the matrix. i mean he loves his wife. Andrew Tate once said. bam slap pick her up by her tittie boom
"If putting yourself first means letting some people down, then let them down." It's natural that you won't be able to please everyone so just do you, Felix! You've worked so hard for so many years so I feel you do have the luxury now to just do the content that you want and the people who like you for you will be the ones that stay. It's great to see your growth and I can't wait to see what content you will make now that numbers, views and clicks are no longer the driving force for your videos
Dude since i saw you wanted to quit i dunno why the hell I stopped watching your videos, tho I have been checking on you and the way for you getting to Japan but for a while I didn't see your videos and i feel ashamed cause you are the person who made me start watching youtube at the first place(it doesn't stop here cause im a youtuber now), I've been addicted to your video games (last one i saw was ghost of tsushima) in my main account i have been watching since 2013 n now hearing you are not going anywhere made me feel really good You have fans in iran mate🇮🇷 Btw my English account is tech bod english I'm teaching what i know about phones and computers software and hopefully when i self taught myself programming i would be share that as well I would be honored if youre reading this and im saying thank you too bro👊
Good stuff man
Thank you Felix
Ever since pewdiepie moved to Japan its like watching the OVA of an anime, the videos aren't anything crazy but you still watch them with a smile
That's a really healthy mindset!!! The content, for me personally, especially the past 2 years, has been as enjoyable as ever. Maybe that's because Pewds genuinely enjoying himself and that's transferred to the viewer or maybe because I too, have grown as a person the past decade and so did what I am interested in watching. So thinking about appeasing everyone or letting people down is kinda rudimentary thoughts. We will continue to support you Pewds!!!
I love him because he's always real and genuine. During his feud with t series i started hating him but it's him that couldn't let me hate him even tho i tried. never change Felix, always be like this. Real and Genuine. Wish you lots of happiness and mental health. Wish you contentment and satisfaction. Hope you never get fed up with life and always feel loved, stay around your loved ones. because that's the most important thing in life. 😊
Always will be a fan. Glad you’re still around bro. It’s been a good 10 years for me following you. Thanks for sticking around. :)
Why didn’t he quit?
POV: your favorite childhood minecraft channel became a philosophy/surfing vlog channel :)
The getting over it arc was def the MOSTEST MOST arc there ever was lmao
I don’t want you to quit haha I’d miss you too much 🥲
money.
So long as you're just uploading for fun I have no interest in you ever quitting, I've been watching since Amnesia Because I was looking for a walkthrough, and I've been enjoying your content ever since. No reason to quit so long as you're enjoying it.
we ❤️ you pewds ! do whatever you feel is right for you! what make YOU happy :) we will support you for whatever decision you make
i love u man
Support this 100% Do what makes you happy and share whatever. I'll still keep watching
tkm bb
As much as I think that, right now would be a perfect point in your career to quit Youtube, I'm really glad you won't. I don't think I've known a Youtube without pewdiepie. I think I started watching stuff in youtube around 2010, which was around the same time i started watching your videos. I memorized your songs at the time (still know Maya's song as jabba the hutt from the top of my head), I literally learned english from watching your videos, and nowadays I'm perfectly fluent. I was probably 12 or 13 when I started watching and now I'll be 25 in October. I can easily say you were part of my childhood and such enjoyable times those were. I know you won't be here forever, but while you are, I'll keep watching and enjoying your content, as much as I always did. Thanks for the great times Felix! (Don't tell Pewds I wrote this)
Whilst I'm sure those headphones are really good and expensive. They look ridiculous
I miss pew news
Man please dont quit
That push make life meanful
It does take a bit of exploring to discover that the true endgame is simply doing what makes us happy inside, and I wish for everyone to one day find their happiness and purpose too, thanks for sharing your reflections Pewds. I always smile while getting to do the brofist together 😊Kör hårt!
i love you
The channels aged like fine wine, glad to have been here for the journey, throughout all the changes it’s been a pleasure. Even though I don’t watch you much anymore I always check back in
Thank you pewds. You also made our days better.
Meme review is a fun distraction tho, big piece of that was your audience got to participate!
No please dont quit
W man
We'll always be here pewds
felix youve always made low quality content dont knock it now
As the cool kids say, slay 💅
I'd hate to see you go but I would respect your decision if you ever decide to fully retire, been here for years and just want whats best for you. Love ya poods <3
Being mad at him for making videos after retiring is like being mad at a retired mechanic working on a personal car
You will always be my favorite YouTuber even if you do change.
You literally already quit Youtube, you don't do it because you want to keep growing or to earn more and more money, but because you enjoy and are doing whatever you want. Youtube just happens to be part of whatever you want to do. Obviously you don't upload as much as before and that's totally okay. You'll start uploading less and less until eventually you forget about youtube altogether.   It's not an obligation anymore to do youtube for you.
Tas a ver este vídeo  wuant. eu sei
Well life is a journey; today is never similar to yesterday or tomorrow 😅 that’s why it’s obvious why your videos are constantly changing and that’s okay! ‘Cause that’s how life is lol. Anyway, me and my brother have been watching your videos for years, and we still enjoy every bit. We like you whether you decided to upload or not 😂
been watching you since early amnesia and i support you no matter what always loved u always enjoyed watching u!
This is why i personally love this man! So honest! You do you man! We love to see you doing your thing!
take your time man you need it
do wat u love
*I have been watching pewdiepie since 8 long years*  ❤️❤️
100 million views simple
Start over create a different Channel 🤔
All for lo-fi pewds ✌️his audience kind of grew with him so I think this fits perfectly
I disliked meme review simply because it was just you looking at memes. I like the man behind the reaction. Book Review, Pew News, 1on1 interaction etc. Do what you want, as long as we get to see you we're happy. Keep on kickin pewds
Dam pewds, i would love to watch you play any silly game you find fun
Tbh these videos do have alot more qulity than the other ones and i like them alot more
Bro that comment was like 4 years ago
We're so glad you're happy bro. You are truly living the dream life, and you deserve it. Your content still brightens my day, and it has for years now.
I love you
I watched this yesterday and it comforted me because I used to watch your vids soo much and now watched again, it’s weird that now it’s kinda coming to an end :( I know you won’t see this but this channel has been important for me no matter how dumb the content is lol. I wish you all the best! <3
Wait are saying you hate YouTube? 🤨
cool headset
Damn that's one annoying camera, cant make up its mind.
I'll have to become the best YouTuber with 1233333,334445 subscribers my name is Austin 🖕 youn9
I don’t get the people that want you to quit lol I love watching the occasional window into your awesome Japan adventures. But I know me, along with every true bro are just happy to know you are happy and vibing too.
Keep going man you are awesome :)
Love you bro keep doing what you do best
You da man bro
(⁠◍⁠•⁠ᴗ⁠•⁠◍⁠)⁠❤
Jenna Marbles doing whatever she wanted was what really propelled her forward before she left. Honestly, it becomes really clear when someone is enjoying the videos they make. Relaxed content absolutely has it's place. People change and grow and their interests and focuses shift and it's interesting to see.  If people aren't here for that, that's fine too. Not everything is for everyone.  I've seen a few youtubers when they aren't worried about the money associated anymore just do whatever they want and just enjoy sharing with others. The parasocial relationship becomes more like a good friend of the family rather than an obsession over a specific person and it's cool to see, and honestly, I think healthier for both creator and viewer alike.
your Japan videos are so amazing it makes me so happy seeing you happy I've been a fan ever since I was little and it inspires me seeing you grow from the person you are and I want to be more like you and marzia <3 just do what makes you happy and I love the vlogs
Bruv fist! 👊  Jk I'm not british Sorry for lying
Understandable if he ever does leave, but I’m going to be so sad when that happens.
HAAAAAHAAAAAAAA
First Pewdiepie video I've watched in a while. It sounds to me like you've officially gone through the whole cycle of life experienced in many things, including YouTube. You start just for funzies and to see where it may go; you start peaking where you're pumping out things for all to see; you eventually reach the peak of your powers where there really isn't much else to do; a new life for you begins. We've all experienced or will experience such a thing someday. I think it's good that you've acknowledged this not so much to us, but to yourself. I most definitely understand the occasional thoughts of retirement, as in what else is there to do? What other worlds are there to conquer? At the same time, it's great that you choose to stick with YT, since that's always been your dream. But now that you've pretty much reached the peak of your fame with little else to do, there's nothing better to do now then to go back to where it all started: doing what you love for funzies. Enjoy it and your new life as well, Felix. :) 👍
If you quit it a huge loss for platform then you move on from platform any way upload on your past and stay healtier .
dawg what is this goofy ahh editing 💀
I'm so happy for you an Marzia living in Japan, when I watched that video of you finally moving I got so emotional. It's been so awesome watching the whole process and your entire youtube career. I feel like I've been growing up with you and even tho I don't even know you and probably never will, I feel so connected and you really inspire me. You are so humble and that really impresses me. Thank you for no quiting cuz Youtube wouldn't be the same without you. Keep doing you, I love that.
Great choice
omg you scared me! haha  Being a bro (sister fister) for quite some years now makes me so happy. I saw you going to each different journey and it felt like I was watching a good friend that shares his life while I live mine. I'm so glad you managed to make this channel what you want, and I cherish every moment that you made me laugh and cry and panic with scary games.  Happy that I get to see you around here for more time in the future Pewds!! ♥ BROFIST 👊
It is called maturity pewds like me and my friends used to watch lots of anime but now after some years watching 1 episode per week is hard because i think we grew out of it keep exploring new things man take your time to upload videos life should be happy not stressful  Peace✌🏻
I like these Japan videos  and vlog
We love you pewds and we’ve all been enjoying the content change and direction you’ve grown into and it’s maybe because we’re all growing with you. I can’t even imagine a time where I’ll stop watching because you don’t do a certain kind of vid like meme review etc. At the time I enjoyed them but I think your content now is equally good if not more because your happier and more relaxed. We get to see a different side to you now and so to us youre always changing and growing and that makes it so much fun to come along on this ride with you. ❤
Please make ur og videos I'm miss it 🙁😭😭😭😭
We will always support you whatever you decide to do. You and marzia deserve the very best. No matter what content you post we will always love it
Bro retired and is still being loved
100 trees died, just to make those giant headphones.
Im not you psychotherapist! Stop talking to me like this.  Also who cares about all that!!??  Just make content! Or dont make!  What you apologize. I dont care. I genyinely dont care why! Or why not you make. I care about Felix who makes content. Not you as a person!  I watch your youtube. But i dont know you... Stop!
I just love how pewd background just grow from gaming atmosphere to simple library look
I’ll always be here Felix. It’s been an interesting ride. I have been checking in on your channel (watching every upload here and there) since your amnesia playthroughs. I’m 26 now, I’m a different person now, as you are too. I think of you as an old friend, I hope you find happiness in whatever you do. (:
do what you want and enjoy you're still gonna be the same felix who was screams on barrels
You should have.
"post credits" lol
please dont quit,🥺🥺🥺
Pewds, you will always be the king of YouTube. Even after you quit.
Basically he wants more money Next crappy story
Leave your entries in the subreddit bros...
Good for you, it's called growing up. From esteem to self fulfilment to self actualization. Thank you for sharing your journey with us
Except for zero deaths you should say zero stress hahaha but in all seriousness don't stress on the videos. We'll support you no matter what  P. S.   Hope Maya gets better  P.P.S  Did you like the stray game? I have a feeling you might like it it anyway Bye
Honestly man I was never a huge fan of yours in the past because of how off the wall you were in a sense but the new style of your videos like the wish videos or videos in the same vein are stuff I like to watch because it appeals to an older audience in my opinion
Always supportive pewds. Been through the journey with you and excited to hear you'll continue this for a long as you like.
Its really not about your content , its about you Felix . Just do you , we'll chill and watch :)
You didn’t quit because money don’t lie boi
I am so happy to see all the support in the comments, I feel like the Pewds community is finally full of people that aren't looking for controversy and are just happy to see Felix live his life and enjoy himself. Thanks for the past 10 years Felix, after all this time still loving the videos!
love you broski hope you enjoy your stay love just watching you enjoy your time its always the best m8 peace
do whatever you want , bro fist
been watching this dude since his horror fase(shoutout to stefano and mister chair) , and im confident that he tought all the english i know, and got me trough some hard times.  So it just makes me happy to see him fulfill his dream move and enjoying life
If your channel didn't change along with you, you wouldn't be as authentic as you are.
Pewds, I think as you simultaneously inspire many others to begin YouTube (hello!), you're also consistently inspiring yourself to try new content over the years. Sounds to me like you love to share your experiences with the world and a lot of people appreciate that.. it's easy to get caught up in the numbers but so many of us enjoy you simply and unapologetically being yourself. Glad you're still here, keep going! surely!
Just keep doing what you Do Felix you have always been an inspiration! Love from Stockholm 💪
you do you pewds, were still gonna support you
Just keep being you dude!
Does these earphones cook me waffles?
ily
4 uploads a year, make them long like a movie. Take it easy brohan
egg
I honestly enjoy watching you change and grow.  I feel like I am growing with you as person.   I know it’s just a random comment, but  I really appreciate you being you.  Love you.
Don’t leave us, thanks : )❤️
I miss meme reviews and Gloria Borger.
I love you
PewDiePie retired, and felix is born, and felix is the after story of the whole PewDiePie movie and i love it, though i still wish to see pewds cook more haha
If you asked me, I loved ya book reviews. I wish they could come back. But I understand if ya don't do them, one book a month along with reviews can be taxing
Crazy how time flies
1440p/4k cmon! steals Chris's cameras.
Felix is literally the definition of reaching self actualization lol
I been around for so long
Felix don’t gooo
This video made me so happy. I love your progress and I hope you get into philosophy vids again. love
Enjoy your surfing <3
The is one thing you haven’t done on YouTube is ‘YouTube boxing’ 🤣
Money is the real answer to all of this. He simply doesn't need money anymore. Once you unlock the cheat code of wealth there isn't much reason for him to keep churning out clickbait videos. Dream achieved!
Ehhh whatever
beastmaster69....  Geez!  you literally timeless
I’m glad you aren’t quitting (I love the new style of videos), but I think a good majority of the 13 y/o would be content when you do decide to stop making videos. We watched you grow from all the hardships and realizing how far you’ve come and admitting it all is a big step for a big named YouTuber. Thank you for always being open and sharing with us what’s going on. Bro fist from the U.S. 👊🏼
the OG individual channel who is the most successful of all time. the King of youtube 👑👑👑👑🤴
thank you for everything felix ❤️
Honestly im not the biggest fan of the newer videos, cant say ive seen alot of them but im not a huge fan of vlogs regardless, i still support Felix 100% bro i love this guy and will always continue to support him regardless of what content he releases and even if he doesnt.
Ugh can’t believe this guy wants to enjoy his life after all this hard work! The nerve of some people!
💙⃢💚⃢💜⃢💛⃢❤️
As long as you're happy that's all that matters bro. Hopefully one of these days you can get back into Minecraft and start a brand new world.✌❤👊
Don't worry Pewds, my parasocial relationship will prevent me from ever not watching your content.
There will be a day where Mr. Beast will upload this same type of video
I still love your videos. I miss the gaming 😭 id love a Horizon forbidden west video 😭. You don't gotta push it but I miss your videos. Im happy your happy and healthy though!
So happy for this guy
What headset is he wearing?
mc character development 💯
Thank you Felix.
Meme Review!
Lovely that you still share your life with all of us, especially since you enjoy it so much!
I enjoy watching you just share thoughts with us, your videos are still better than the vtubers, when I watch their stream it just feel so fake... The way they chat is rather forced. I prefer your way of talk, it sounds natural and honest.
Because we all will cry if you quit… you’re such a big part of my life and no words can explain how much emotional support I’ve got from your content. So many different times I was in my lowest and you were here to save my day. Thank you so much for everything you’ve done, through all these years. There’s always a place in my heart for your positivity.
What Felix wants is fun. We as a community are here to provide :)
absolute W man I'll still enjoy your content no matter what you make, so make whatever you please!  You're a real inspiration for me and have been a big part of my childhood
Japan arc has slow pacing but it will be great in future...i hope
i love you pewds, even though you’re just a person that i watch online, you teached me so much from english to just life things, i grew up enjoying, loving, your videos. ❤️
YouTube or no YouTube we’ll always love ❤️
If there's a man that could take down cancel culture, that man is YOU. Please bro, grow some balls and start being edgy again, post offensive jokes that makes people wanna sue you, you would be a LEGEND.
I'm pretty sure this comment will resonate the same feeling most of the fanbase feels when I say that you are at your best when you are doing what makes you happy, Felix. And for anybody with bad judgement against the changes over the years all I can say is if you're not changing you're not trying hard enough to fulfil your life. If there was no personality arc over 12 years then what's the point.
W pewds
"I wasnt getting anything out of the money" He says while sitting in a room holding more value than most people's savings
bro i just want your company  when i watch your videos, its like you are keeping me company while watching memes, experiencing japan or other fun things i have watched you for so many years, if you quit it would be like losing touch with a friend, no more Felix and chill :( so can we just continue to Felix and chill together, watching memes and shit?
is it just me, or pewds looked like real life shaggy on that haircut 0:13
Do a pewds podcasts with Mark and Jack. Could be a huge hit again for numbers to shoot up pass T series.
Why I didn't quit: Money  LOL
Love you felix
Ok
Him bonking his mic and his funny nature just kinda hit me hard today. I am happy u still uploading, but also I want u to be happy so I am glad u do what u feel like. Ofc I will miss pewdiepie if he leaves but I don't think I ever wanna waych the videos if felix didn't like making em.
BROFIST now here me out,   Annual Méme Review Champaign Édition.
I'm glad that you're happy with where you are pewds. You may not know alot of us, but we all grew up with you. Big bro pewds. And I think I speak for all of the OGs when I say we're proud of you. I remember you doing something similar to this back in like 2015 when you told us you'd be changing your content because you weren't happy with the videos you were making. Well we were here for you then, and we're here for you now ❤
💙💙💙💙💙💙💙brofist
DOES ANYONE KNOW WHAT HEADSET IS THAT DAMN THAT COOL ASF!!!! IT WAY TOO BIG FOR FELIX
Character development Gigachad
One of the biggest parasites on the Internet that swamps, plagues and ruins what the Internet was essentially created for which is the distribution of information not sanctioned by left-wing mainstream media.  If people are fed up with the system look no further than parasites like this that are preventing us having a real voice.
Just do you cutie. I doubt anyone really cares sadly to say I would just make a nice video every week or so just keep it in your YouTube in your pocket  for a he future don’t gotta quit don’t gotta post take it easy and enjoy. 👍
You seem so happy recently. Much love Pewds
Permanent tan pewds incoming
Nice cans, boy!!!
Just take breaks and upload whatever whenever you know
So I’m really happy you’re doing what you want to do and feel no obligation to do this, but do you think you’d maybe play the new God of War game live, when it comes out?
More Japan vlogs pewds
I've watch him since i was a kid.
röstade du?
Bro all you are today is a has-been cashgrab with plenty convidence.   Besides that your still just a dude ofcourse with an easy life.
Can you bring back the book reviews 🥺🥺🥺 I really enjoyed those ❤️
Classic video from him about being victimized.
For me I am not much of a vlog fan so I haven't been watching as much lately but I also really enjoy, REAL Pewds, you look happy and having fun, its a shame there will be people that complain but you are living your life the way you want to and there is no greater joy than that. Live it up Felix, you have done awesome!
tbh its just annoying to watch youtubers who care about views and money
I’m actually glad that Pewdiepie still uploads, it’s nice to see him enjoying Japan and doing such wholesome activities 🥺❤️ I do sometimes miss the Minecraft series and meme reviews but it was fun while it lasted tbh. Thank you Pewdiepie for the years of fun ✨ I hope we get to see more of your life in Japan!!
Please support me.....!!!
just dont quit, make a real react shit make me feel better
If you want to go ahead we support you but I will be a little sad
Should have.
maybe some people think his content are lame ...but for me his content are ORIGINAL
It's been a journey from when I was just a kid till even now as an adult and I hope to always watch you Felix
idk why i can never not brofist pewds. i was literally just doing shit on my other monitor and then he goes for it and i gotta reach over and give it to him lol
and now you are one of highest youtuber paid & subscriber! ♥️♥️♥️♥️
I love that you’re thinking about the things you love and that you’re choosing your happiness. Love you, pewds!
it’s time for you to enjoy your life to the fullest, just stop by once in a while to let us know you’re doing well, pewds
Pewds has literally won at life.
I know why, your ego would not let you.
Pendiepie never quit you need to make ur video very funny
Bro If my dream came truew and got the same oppurtunity that you got with YT I'd appreciate the same respect and understanding, you do you my man, I'm one of millions but I'll still be here.
You are literally the synonym of YouTube. Here's to becoming 29years old army. <3
Enjoy life my dude!
Lots of love bro, have fun in Japan!
Somethings never change 👊
Changes or no changes, the old videos will always be there for people to look back on if that's the content they want. I'm so excited for the future. Love you pewds ❤️
FRIDAYS WITH PEWDIEPIEEEEEEEE
thank you
So is this pewdiepie? Or Felix? Or who is this new iteration?!!
Why are we still here? just to suffer?
ma man😪👊
I REALLY like seeing day to day in Japan or any other part of the world especially just normal neighborhoods & stores and just random places. And other peoples point of view of course
It’s insane to me, thinking back about how childhood me stumbled onto Pewd’s “The House” gameplay because I was too much a scaredy-cat to play that flash game myself, and how I have watched almost every single video he made after that for almost a decade of my life.   The love I feel for this man, man. I’m honestly just so happy he’s happy, and that makes me want to push and work towards my own dreams and aspirations in life.
Hey what's your telegram?
I am really happy for him. Love u papa pewds
It is crazy he has so many subs but, doesn’t get any views anymore relatively speaking. I mean 2 million is a good view count for alot of people but, for someone with 111million subs it’s nothing.
Even if you did quit youtube, it's your life. You earned your success and did an amazing job. You spent a long time doing it too. You successfully min-maxed YouTube *pats on back!
Legit question, what would you do after you quit? I mean, after some years the money would dry out and you would be left with a skill-set of a funny video editor right (altho you're probably not editing your videos anymore right). So, what then?
We love you pewds!
He didn't quit because money $$ keeps coming in, more and more money
Pewds you are legit my hero
More japan videologs please
Imo, when channels upload once a week or less I tend to enjoy the videos much more cuz otherwise you just get overloaded with mediocre content.
enjoy life!!
bro for real i was 9 yo when i first found pewds and now i am 17 , time go so fast
We love your cozy videos. Just do you, you know. We will watch it no matter what.
Crazy even for me you were my childhood throughout highschool all us boys used to love watching you, now I’m 22, working towards my career and life is moving so fast. Thanks for the memories pewdddieee
Yes we love all these content. Enjoy life Felix and don’t pressure yourself about anything.
What headset is that?
remember that one time you said the n word on stream
What i really want from felix is long vlogs about his move and new life in japan. Not really a fan of when he was making react content, i completely avoided those until felix started making vlogs again. Im fine with longer upload times, felix is already successful at a young age, he can do what he wants to do on his own pace.  Wish i was also at his position tbh. To be able to plan on what he truly wants to do, instead of thinking of financial  situations of the people in your life slipping away etc.
I love you
Well I don't think you should quit as the audience have also grown up and they understand you  I am just 17 but I do watch your vlogs not regularly but I don't hate you . Basically I don't want you to quit this thing if you're tired of making videos then you can just reduce the upload rate . If you're really quiting youtube then I'll be little disappointed but that's fine  I just waana say THANK YOU VERY MUCH FELIX TO ENTERTAIN US FOR SO MANY YEARS. 💚💚💚😭😭😭💖💖
i like this♥️
2017 pewds is my favorite pewds but im still gonna watch because of that phase.
Based Felix
You can still say you retired and at the same time upload on YouTube, that would be a much heavier weight lifted off your shoulders. Also you could focus more on what you’ve been interested in the recent years, like books or surfing as you showed us recently, and maybe, if you feel like it share some of it with us.
111 million wow
I wonder if he will ever have kids. Things like that usually change people. If he does I hope for the best for his family and then I think he will quit. I would say that be a good ending to this story
I love how it channel has evolved. There were times when I leave because the content changed (I’ll stay subbed) but I’ll check in from time to time to check and see how it’s changed and if I like the content again. It’s been on and off but I always keep coming back :) it feels like you’ve grown with us and it’s awesome to see it.
Upload whatever and whenever you want we will always watch…especially when you are being so authentic and honest with your viewers
the japan vlogs have really felt like epilogues. i always get a hint of bittersweetness watching them. glad you're not entirely quitting!
thank you felix.
BROFIST! :D
That bro fist at the end made me tear up. Please don't quit Felix, for the last 8 years your videos have been a part of my daily life. Even after a tough day at work, I come back and look for your new uploads to relax. That has become such a habit of mine that even now when you don't upload daily, I subconsciously look for your channel. We love seeing you happy Felix, no matter what the video content is, I watch it cuz of you. Thanks for being this genuine
Time for Amnesia I guess...
why would u quit, u should be happy youtube didnt ban you for all the subscribers u bought, 111m subs yet 3m views on a video.... clearly botted
You can't quit life bro. Look at Casey, he just came back to NY.
Better enjoy your life in Japan than stressing about next upload, I just enjoy every single videos u uploaded lately felix.. Feel more natural and laidback.. Relieving my stress also haha
God bless pewdsss! Thank you!
I get what you mean when you say all those things feel like nothing but "distractions", but really, your (and everyone's) life is basically just that.
simple. pewdiepie still has millions of viewers at its literally EZ money on youtube, he dont have to do some crazy content or spent a lot of money just to get that amount of views. pewds just living everyone dream job🤷
I have been here since almost the beginning and honestly Felix it’s so awesome and wholesome to watch your character growth through all this time. No matter what you decide to do, we just want you happy and if the content your making makes you happy. Then us Bros are happy. We love to see you proud and enjoy what you do. Keep it up👊👊👊👊👊👊
" Some things never change " ❤️❤️❤️👊👊👊
The king we have and the king we needed.
I hate shorts. They r like tiktok .and vids that r too much set up r like tv shows on youtube. Youtube was meant to b friendly. Ppl sharing n doing wt they like. So i hope it dsnt change in future.
It's sad how in the future, when Felix has kids (If maybe.) They would watch their father's content and feel proud, and Felix is retired now. The journey was really fun, but Felix if you will, would you still make one mast video with Jacksepticeye and Markiplier as a Last Collab video if you can?
God damn, nice headphones  Also thanks for opening up! Been very exciting seeing this new chapter. Appreciate the chill vibes too
I'm subscribed for 12 and a half years, and I've seen you and your content change and evolve. I'm not saying it was for the better or worse; like you said, it's subjective. One thing is for sure, though. Back then, I was in my early twenties, so you were an essential part of my early adulthood and influenced how I matured. I can say I'm really glad about it as it brought me a lot of joy. Whatever and however you do man, you are an icon. An icon for me and many others. P.S. I still and forever would want to see Scare PewDiePie season 2....
Have you guys played pure games for Vietnamese streamers?
love you forever and always pewds! i always enjoy anything you upload, im so happy you're able to live freely, you truly deserve it <3
what is that headset lol
It's all up too you, if you stay do it because you want too not for the community
we're excited to watch ur retirement vids whatever they may be. do vids that make you excited and enjoy, it always shows and we will be just as happy with those!!
I have been subscribed for a while and I have never more enjoyed your videos, than I do now. You sharing, when you want to, how you want, is just the best. Keep doing what’s fun for you, and it will be fun for your subscribers. Woo! :)
Wait i was gone for a minute and theres been a headphones change 👀 I got into the audio hobby for a little bit before so this is big news to me!! The new audio gear looks really cool. It must sound amazing 🤩
This Japan content is now my favorite content. Glad to see you have found yourself again
10 years and counting bro fist!
Man I just want you to do whatever makes you happy.  Long time fan, take care.
hey just wanted to mention that no, you do not certainly let people down with the change of your content because since you've already mentioned that you've been doing YouTube for fun, we were watching you for fun as well! People that were let down definitely weren't watching for a long time. Just like you grew up from playing horrors and other stuff, our preferences for content changed as well!  Besides, keep the vlogs coming in, it's been so peaceful to be able to watch you from being goofy to such a matured man.  Cheers mate!  [5:10-5:15]
As someone who has been watching the channel (way before I took over my fiancés YouTube account c: ) I personally loved the horror stage the channel went through but as I’ve gotten older and I go back to them now, they’re pretty cringe. Cringe but the nostalgia is there. I’ve enjoyed every stage the channel has gone through and really have seen the growth throughout the years.   I get every good thing comes to an end and if or when that happens I’d still be pretty thankful to of known what the bro and 9 year old army was.   Even if you posted stories of Japan and not full length videos would be so cool. I’d love to travel to Japan one day but fear I cannot speak the language enough but seeing the scenery is always a treat
love watching you live your best life
You do you Felix, I will always be a fan and I will always look up to you cause you made it in life while doing what you loved the most. That to me is super inspiring asf!  Thanks again, for all the memories, and thanks for making me laugh when shit in life was sad at times. You could never know how many painful days in my life that you have been some sort of comfort here on youtube. ♥
Jesus, when Pewds quits I probably have no more reason to check on YouTube, it would be such a sad day...
Happy to see you trendng no 3 on USA
Thank you for the update video pewds, been a fan since 2013 and honestly whatever you upload I’ll watch it if I’m seeing it makes you happy
The nostalgia bro. 😞
What about LWIAY?????
Don't quit pewds! I like how you still upload and it's more fun watching your videos showcasing the real you! Looking back now, I've seen your content mature. I've been a bro since 2014 and I love your content now. Creators are less cringe when they put aside the numbers and that's what I like about you and your content!    Keep it up!
We're the same age and I feel this is the perfect contentless content I want to watch on YouTube right now. Feels so chill and adult 🤣 Combined with the react with Ken, it feels like catching up with friends.
waiting for the next video
shoutout for happy wheels
Thank you for Share !
Ohoii pewds a lil suggestion I'd say, the videos lately have been like 20 minutes or so long, I'd say make them 10 and post it on 2 separate days, it'll be more fun to watch them, because we'll watch Japan we'll absorb it and then come back the next day to watch a new upload of 10 minutes of Japan wholesomeness
man this lowkey making me tear up, you've done so much to my life that you won't even know. I always look forward to your uploads but you should never worry about them, we're just here when you want to be here with stuff you wanna upload. We love you so much pewds <3
Play games again then
You become more HANDSOME every day.. Why Pewds.. 🤔
❤🖤
Pewds, I've been a big fan of yours for a long time now. And what I miss the most are your random hilarious replies to YouTube fan comments :(
I’m so glad Felix didn’t quit, considering how most of the original YouTubers have quit. It’s inspiring to see him still doing good and reinventing his content
This is a sign your getting old, when your personal favorite YouTuber retires after 12 yrs of entertainment. It’s bitter sweet but we are all the same age now and can understand. We love you felix bro fist!👊
Im proudly part of Bro army. If by chance felix quitting youtube it fine.  Because felix reach all dream he want ( hit 100 million subs get married and go japan) it so long time see him happy. Thank you for all years tag along you felix! You never ever change! 👊
Super nice to see where you are in life now. Always love your vids. Stay humble bro 👊
You shouldn't have to quit because everyone loves you
What are these headphones??? :o
IF YOU DIDENT FUCKING QUIT BEAING FUNNY YOU WOUD HAVE LOTS OF SUBS AND BEAT T SERISE BUT MY GYE COUDENT DO ENYTHING HE HAD TO MESS IT UP
Can’t quit what you love especially when you did it from the start
as someone who has been around since the montage days, if you left it would very much bother me a lot as you’re a huge comfort youtuber i watch. however, if there comes a day you are suffering again, do what you need to do. i’ll miss you like i do jenna marbles😭 but you’re mental health is most important above all else💙 we love you pewds
Ilysm pewds
top trending baby
Goat
Pewds have you watched the new cyberpunk anime series?
He didn't quit because he's still fighting to release Scare PewDiePie season 2. Keep fighting Felix!!! We're so close!!
i’m happy you still want to share part of your life with us, pewds. I’ve learnt so much from you and cannot appreciate you more. again, thank you pewds
💗
love form Nepal🇳🇵
BROFIST
Been watching since the early days. It's crazy to go back and see how "pewds" have changed, and also think back to how much you've grown with him. I wish I was interesting enough to do youtube at that age when he started. But too shy, and now I'm too old :'D
I think this decision about your channel is really great. I think the audience has matured with you, there is not that much time to watch YouTube anymore but it always nice to see that you are doing good, exploring stuff and sharing it with us
I'm honestly happy for you. Please dont stop doing what you love.  Seeing you from time to time brings me so much joy, like having a good old friend over for a cup of tea. As long you keep posting, i'll keep coming :P
Honestly I think Pewds’ Chanel is 100x better now then 5-6 years ago
Pewds are you gonna play amnesia? jk. Thank you for not quitting, youtube wouldn't be the same without you
love pew pew pie
It’s so cool to see how you and your fans grow together. I was 11 and now I’m 21. You were my whole childhood man and I have so many memories of me watching you on my Wii. I think it’s time for you to take a break and enjoy life as it is. Keep it up Felix! Much love from Greece 🇬🇷
I used to live in Japan. Lived there for a number of years. I recognize all the places in your vlogs and it makes me feel nostalgia.
I basically grew up watching you, Felix and it's so bizzare that while never even knowing eachother you have been, in a way, around me for most of my ups and downs. I know I am not alone when I say this, many of us think the same with all of our hearts, we thank you for being YOU. All the best
Please enjoy your newfound time in Japan 🇯🇵 and don’t feel pressured in anyway. Minimal effort will be enough to keep the channel afloat for a year. We’re here for you!
Good dude. Enjoy the surf man, should encourage Marzia to get on the body board 👊
The king of YouTube.
💙💙💙💙🤍🤍🤍🤍
it's so crazy to me that i literally grew up with him. i started watching pewds when i was 15. i'm now 25. i'm just honestly really proud and happy for him and what he achieved. he really did all that and he deserves the peace in his life. i'm glad he has a more healthy view now on youtube and mostly can enjoy it. felix if you read this... i thank you from the bottom of my heart for all your hard work. your videos helped me through the toughest years of my life and i'm so grateful, but now... relax and do all the things you never had the time for while doing youtube. i appreciate you so much and i believe everyone is happy to see you every now and then instead of never hearing from you. so take your time now! it's okay. :)
Thanks for not quick vidoe
A lot of creators are liked just for their content, but you we like because of you aswell as your content, which means whatever you do, as long as you're yourself, we'll enjoy
Do what you enjoy. Post Vlogs or whatever
Happywheels video would be nuts! Or Amnesia
love your fun and vlogs stuff. thanks for all now and for what's yet to come. 😊 🫂 🙏
Famous streamers and youtubers really need to learn that 90% of the viewers watch for the person, the content comes second. When viewers see you enjoy, everything will be fine.
Your prime content and your incredible comedic taste is what brought you to your peak I thank and congratulate you pewdiepie and I respect the hell out of you. You are one of the prime people that inspired me to make my channel and make the best content possible in my situation. I wish good luck on you and I will never stop loving every thing about you and your channel
No way this dude got so famous and so rich he realised its a useless loop
So handsome: (0:14)!
I’m so glad you’re having fun again- don’t let that change! I’d much rather watch videos where I can tell you are enjoying it, and are proud of them. Thanks for all you do👊🏻
I've never really just watched your channel for certain content you produce, I think I've more stuck around becasue I think you're a genuine person. Which is why I think I'm still here after 10 years. Keep doing what feels right for you!!
Your just mad mr beast gonna pass you
Thank you
This video really made me realize how long I’ve been watching and how much I’ve grown and seen pewds change too
as little as i know you pewds, i am so proud of you and how far you've come.
Thank you to my 9 subscribers and 99 views. For them I will do more soon!
I remember going home feeling really shitty after school and then getting to watch you play outlast at the time. My dad and I used to bond over your lets plays and him just being involved over my interest with your content. Just watching you enjoy the contents you make reminds me of those days man thank you so much for that
at least do cooking videos , random stuff you bought online and  vlogs .
POOOOOOPIEPIE THANK YOUUUUUUUU for everything
Honestly you're so good with words. No mather what you talk about or try to explain, I always get your intensions and feel with you
I am in my mid 30s and I watched you -almost- from the start. I think you have gone full circle... you've done it 'all' - from gaming to commentary to comedy to songs and you have had your share of success and controversy. Its great to see you want to stick around but with a 'healthy' attitude. We are here for when you post and we will keep watching from time to time like you will post from time to time. Take it easy, enjoy all the benefits the sucess has brought you and of course Japan and your relationship!
Pewds, just know that at least many of us have been sticking with you since the early days. Your contents may change but I watch you because I really enjoy and adore your personality regardless of the content. It's been a wild ride watching how your channel grow since then, and wow, to think that I've been watching you for almost 10 years now (was 13 years old at the time). Whatever you do thank you for making a part of my life growing up, and I hope you enjoy whatever you may do in the future.
best of the best
what are those
I appreciate every type of content you have made. I realize that you have changed as a person. Everyone is okay with that. I wish you a happy life. And We would be very pleased to see more of your videos whatever content that might be. Because YouTube is not YouTube without Felix Kjellberg. 👊🏼
Pewds if you ever want to upload surfing videos im a music designer for surfing films. Hit me up in the comment
Bob Dylan
You didn't quit because of greed
Even though I don't watch every video you upload ... your still a safe Zone in my life and I'm so thankful for the videos you create!!
I’ve personally grown up with you and I’m glad you’re doing well and doing what you like to do. Love you Pewds
Wow I didn't know you'd moved to Japan. Neato.
*BroFist*
Love you pewds keep doing you and when you want and for the reasons you truly want to ❤
Bro fist 👊🏼 to the best
Pewds, would you ever do a podcast? You have a very calming voice when you chat about things and you always have interesting things to say
Bro, don't feel like this is the end for you. I enjoy your Japan vlogs even more. And it's just you vlogging with your iPhone and showing us what you did for the day. Just do you man, people are still going to enjoy your content.
Hi Guys I am Indian.. Love You Guys 🤗🤗😘😘 Please My chanale subscribe 🤗🤗
Really good seeing pewds just enjoying his life and not stressing about making videos <3
I don’t watch every video you upload. Although it would be great, even if just a video a week, I would manage to grow old with you. Just so that not all YouTubers I watched would be dead online :)
As long as you enjoy doing youtube we will support you pewds
I don't know what to say... Thank you? I guess. For everything really. All the good memories. I remember when my cousin showed your channel back in the days. You were playing amnesia and happy wheels. I was STUCK instantly. I basically grew up with you by my side. It's wierd haha, but I am so greatful for everything. All the nostalgia and all the happy moments you have been sharing with me and MANY OTHERS. At the end of this video I prepared my Brofist before you even mentioned it. It felt like the end of an era. Because we will never ever go back to those times. And that's ok. I'm just so happy that you're still kicking and doing your thing. So please keep enjoying your life with your beautiful family. I will look after Sweden for you. Atleast Skåne! ;) Thanks for everything Felix. *Brofist*
Be careful doing surf, i wouldn't like that this would be your last video, i would stay away from the ocean has much as i can if i was you.
I love pewdiepie been watching all videos since i was a child
I started watching when I was 12 because my aunt would watch when I would come over, I’m 22 now :)  it’s been awesome to see your journey, you inspire me to stay true to myself and do what I want. (Especially when I moved a lot and felt like I was losing my individuality to fit in)  Even though I don’t comment much or that you have no idea who I am, I still feel like we’re friends. Ill talk to my homies like “yo did you know that pewds moved to Japan? And we’d talk like you’re apart of our friend group. I say all that to say this, I’ll always be a bro yo (barz) wherever life takes you  know you’ll have an army that supports whatever you do! Tbh I liked seeing japan and where your channels at, stay awesome Felix 👊🏼
Those distracting videos were hella entertaining tho. I think they certainly served a purpose. Pewds, you don’t have to relate to your fans in any particular expected way. Do what you feel natural doing now, that will always win and that’s what always made you the best. Honestly, you still being here is enough for us. I’m happy it’s not time to say goodbye just yet. Thank you
Definitely don't want pewds to quit, I feel like my fazes in life have always lined up with his (juvenile stage to the edge content and now being so much more relaxed) I kinda feel like I would be a bit lost without being able to continue watch pewds as I have almost every single day for the last how ever many years. Pewds has been such a constant and a source of inspiration. Whatever your choice is I will always support it.
I liked this video. Then unliked it so I could like it twice!
Please don't quit we love you bro
Pewds if u see this I just got my first merch purchase (got the phone cover!) after years and years of being a bro, nothing but mad love for you. You've inspired me enough so that I'm actually going to Sweden on exchange in 2 months! This. This is how much of an impact you have made on me and undoubtedly countless millions of people. I shall be visiting Gothenberg in your honour king, stay real. Stay happy.
👑
whats that pum pum sound anyway
Started to watch u, when u uploaded horror games to moment where u struggled with neighbors and places to stay, but my mind never changed about u, it docent matter  what u do, u going to be one of best content creators out there
Ears
Continue doing whatever is best for you, Marzia and the pugs. Take care, leader of all nine year olds!
you're the reason why I started doing youtube felix, thank you for the inspiration <3 wish you all the best with life and hope to meet you when I am financially free.
You do you pewdiepie
You should start a new minecraft world
You should do a colab with mr beast
Please continue what you love doing Pewds. You have fans across almost every part of the world.  I live in a small town in the Himalayas and I have many friends who watch you too. I especially love your new Japan vlogs. They are so relaxing and soothing to watch.
Hi pewds, you have been part of my life since i was born on the internet as a internet person.... Love you so much happy for everything thats happening love you.
Hey pewds. It's like what 5 years since I subscribe to your youtube channel. And believe it or not. I did watch every single videos on your channel from then on out. i started watching when you where doing papers please and from then I constatly watch every single upload. And I know you won't be reading this. But men I still see you as the same truthful person as you were from back then. And I appreciate it cause your inspiring me to do stuff for myself this time.  I was actually planning on buying a bike for me to get away from the internet. I do have a job so I could provide for myself cause my family will not. I also wanted to do youtube someday. But I know for myself that gaming was not the content for me. So I have to find myself first. So thank you so much for inspiring my life. Your like my second big brother here so hope you have a great days or years in Japan. Wish I'll see you someday soon.
youtube without you would feel wrong, thank you for staying
Your the best pew die pie
I really like Felix's current energy. I hope to one day have similar energy. Already working on it so hey... a step in the right direction though I'm not retired yet.
Pewds try the conbini ice creams. there in japan tnx
When we look at the headphones we know Pewd are OLD...WE ARE OLD...
Flexing the expensive headphones I see. Didnt even need them here fam
pls
don't quit
Just imagine how would Felix's life be in 5-10 years
I’m trying my best to not focus on the headphone but dam that headphone is huge and I want it
Felix go ahead, you are having fun and we are having fun. Win win
If you are not quitting, please do some effort than just vlogging, this channel looks like just lazy cash grab, it is expected of you because you are getting paid.
Idek when I subbed anymore haha. I was still in highschool, I'm pretty sure, and I graduated back in 2012 💀💀 it was one of the amnesia compilations in my suggested bar. I don't even have the words to describe the joy I've experienced being apart of your community all these years. Love you pewds! Bro for life!
anybody notice his headphones. looks big and sick
2022 pewds is the best so far, can't wait for 2023!! 😁
thank you felix
pewds rulez
@pewdewpie you better be play the new god of war when its released ahaha would be fun
Pewds is part of the internet furniture.
Pewds just remember we still support you and we will continue to
You do you Pew
I've always enjoyed the content but in the most recent months, I've LOVED the videos you've put out: partially because I love travelling and seeing you with friends I also watch (Joeyyy) is incredibly enjoyable, but also because I think I'm finally seeing a true and easy-going Felix, one who I think we can all connect with on a more genuine level. Do whatever you want to do, I for one watch your videos for you!
THANK YOU my Bro👊
Happy to hear your reflection on your YouTube career and your decision to continue. Some people will really always stay and support you because of yourself though and not your content necessarily, at least that's how it is for me. Not in a sense that Id known you, but for me it's just as simple as seeing you enjoying yourself with whatever you do that I also feel that enjoyment. If it's meme review, pewnews, gaming, commentaring, enjoying Japan, doesn't really matter as long you feel fulfilled and be genuine! I guess I just wanted to say that I enjoy taking part in your journey of life, whatever that might be in the here and now and in the future! Much love from a kohai
I really like the philosophy vids
Brofist~
Pewds, if you are seeing this comment. We grow old as you are and our taste in content is also maturing. At least for me, your present content is much more enjoyable.
Good to watch your reflections. You do you pewds.
good for you didn't quit, im still here. love you both in more ways than imaginable. stay safe
When pewds said I’d do it all again in a heartbeat, kinda felt like joel tlou 2
you are enjoying it and as a result we are, thank you keep doing you  <3
Please dont quit even just stay in the background of YouTube  FLOOR GANG OUGH!!!
Just do whatever you want to do. Watching you enjoying things is really relaxing
Pewds, your channel is about you - people watch you because of who you are and what you do. So your focus on yourself comes first and it's a privilege that we get to see it: not a right or must.
Pewds you will always be one of my fav. youtubers. Big respect bro.
You​'re very good example​ for anothers 👍👍👍
You are a transcended being, respect 🙏
✨✨ Felix, I have been watching you since I was a young teen in high-school. Now I'm married, I'm 28, and I get the absolute privilege of still getting to watch my comfort creator. From the bottom of my heart, thank you for over a decade of amazing laughs and even tears. We love you!!!! Brofist!!!👊👊👊
You need quit now because your content is boring now............
I started watching you when i was in middle school, and now im graduating from university. I's been a fun journey growing up with you and whatever you do i will keep supporting. Thank you for always being honest and humble. Love you pewds 🖤
PewdiePie can i ask you a thing?
❤
I love watching your videos!! I honestly don't care what kind of content you upload, I'll always watch, your so fun to watch. I personally don't want you to quit! But if you really do want to, and you genuinely think it is the right time, then I'll support it!! If that's what make you happy then I'm here for it! ❤❤
Hey man! I like that approach. I still will watch you. I leave for a while and I come back.
I love Pewds
Don't entirely quit, just upload whatever you want whenever you want.  I've been seeing you since 2012, actually caught a glimpse of you earlier in 2011, so don't go away completely..I miss you and I don't care about the type of content, just be there, it makes many people, including me, very happy.
Bongo Drum Headphones
I was 11 when I started to watch your channel, now im 20. Do what makes you happy, don’t stop with your new content. it’s really entertaining to watch your vlogs. And I really like Japan, so it’s so cool to see how it looks like in real life. I’m happy to see how peaceful and beautiful life you got. Keep going and don’t stop with the vlogs!!
The pewdiew is greek youtuder👀! If y know 👇
Felix's vlogs are soo calming like Marzia used to have.  i like it. its relaxing and i hope theyre relaxing doing these vlogs as well.
I love u
perhaps, it is time to play deltarune part 2
Hey man! Your perspective is really sensible. I would like to suggest you to make book reviews, reviewing books is informative and entertaining to watch.
👊🏼
Felix has tambourines as headphones now - peak W
honestly whatever you upload all your fans like myself will be happy as ever there is always good quality and never could there be bad ones and if you wanted to go i think everyone would understand. keep up the awesome work pewds!!
Felix I support you in any decisions you will take in the future and even if you will quit thank you for making my life better, and if you don't quit, It is an honor to get old with you and your videos.
PewDiePie....don't quit (⁠´⁠；⁠ω⁠；⁠｀⁠) you can't (⁠༎ຶ⁠ ⁠෴⁠ ⁠༎ຶ) onegai  YOU WON'T (⁠ʘ⁠言⁠ʘ⁠╬⁠) RIGHT?  Yay (⁠*⁠´⁠ω⁠｀⁠*⁠) we also want you to enjoy posting, post anything you wanna share. No want u to feel burdened either.
Bro fist since the start and forever XD
felix, you’ve impacted so many lives along the years and i hope you give yourself the credit you deserve for that. we’re happy if you’re happy. keep doing what you want to do. we’ll support you through everything and we’ll always love you. sending bro hugs to u and marzia <3
that brofist always gives me goosebumps
Watching you grow and become the person you want to be helps me be inspired to grow and be the person I want to be. Keep it up. 👊
I’m proud that I still watch his videos until this day
Really amazing. Thanks
you deserve to do whatever the hell you want. thx for all the memories.
You are an inspiration bruh
What will happen to sive btw? Lol
Damn, even the camera quality improved a lot compared back then. Do what you want Pewds. Your content helps people around the world especially in these chaotic and tumultuous times.
Living life, keep on keeping on!
Boring! Same old TRITE pie
Bro completed YouTube
I've been watching Pewds for 8 years of my life and I've felt that I've matured along side him. I recently turned 18 and one of the few constant supports I've had have been you, Sean, Mark, and a bunch other famous creators. Watching you all navigate your way through the ups and downs of YouTube as a platform and the constant smiles have kept me engaged for many, many years. The main thing I wish for you Pewds, is to continue with your passions and just live a fulfilling existence. You will always be special no matter if you fall out of relevancy; your wit and platitudes will live on as long as the internet exists. xxxx love you Felix.
.
I think we would appreciate a less shallow YouTube channel and a more personal and deep one. We need that these days.
Bro just buy a Aeron
love you pewds, we're always here to support any decisions you make.
I've literally become an adult watching your videos, practiced and learned a lot of english doing so and seeing you go through so much changes and acomplish so much inspires me to do so, it's been a great journey and I'm justo eager to see what's comming next. Thank you so much Pewds
I am just glad you seem way happier with the videos you have been making lately especially with the vlogs and I'm glad we still get to see you selfishly, but I support you with whatever content you come out with glad its just a nice chill vibe ❤
<3 <3 <3 Hell yeah Pewds, way to go! I love the Japan videos, so wholesome and interesting. Keep doing you :)
We all love you brother!
He needs more money
As someone who been around from early days of pewdiepie I won't lie I do miss the early content but I also do not expect you to go back to that. We all grow and change, our interest change and what motivates us changes! I enjoy today seeing how you are doing like a nod of respect. I will always be Bro that was part of your 11 year old army (I was 14 when you started this) wishing you the best future possible!
Don't quit man, just upload what you like. We will be here to watch whatever shit you put out.
It's interesting the way you put it. As if youtube were a consummate thing that you use and then discard when it's finished/served its purpose. But it sounds like you just want to use it like a playground, which is what you should do if its what you want to do, right?
Always will support you Felix <3
brofist we love you pewds <3
I’m happy beyond words that  I get to watch more of your videos 💛
Man that bro fist at the end genuinely made me smile, gotta love that classic sign off. Amazing how far you've come, may your life continue to prosper <3
The vlogs have been really nice to watch, hope you keep sharing videos you love.
you do you felix, feel like doing a vid or surfing what makes you happy
Meme review?
I love your vlogs in japan so keep doing it we're here to support you
Book reviews comming?
Try play Morrowind
Felix, I think u shoud come to Yamanashi/ Fujiyoshida  to have a good coffe time and talk abt life with me.... Hope u read this msg,. Bro fist!
ive been loving the japan vlogs
If the job ever feels unfulfilling, you can stop and we'll understand. You're responsible for a lot of peoples good days.
You are awesome, continue doing and being yourself <3
Why did you move to Japan and any other place?What do you find fun in Japan?
It would be so cool if there was another battle for subs but this time it’d be between you and MrBeast.
miss you. hope you’re well and doing what you love xx
=____=
don't make me cry pewds :(
you quit on sam hyde
When I first started watching 10 years ago, I was a freshman in college. Felix, you helped bring laughter and entertainment to me while I was studying away in nursing and then nurse practitioner school. I’m now 2.5 years into my career and I like the laid back videos as I’m at a laid back part of my life too as an upcoming 30 year old.
We are with you man
Im commenting on this video before is hits one day
Therefore to him that knoweth to do good, and doeth it not, to him it is sin.   (James 4:17) - Repent. The LORD Jesus Christ is coming soon.
At this point just do whatever makes you happy. You have the freedom (money).
Much love ❤️
you do u bruv
Love you pewds
pewds i have always enjoyed ur content....just u being here means a lot to me..
Sheesh, you cool, man
Beautiful ppl: it doset matter how you look Rich ppl: it dosent matter how much money you have  Pewdiepie: it doesn't matter how many subs you have
love you pewds 💙
We support you pewds from India 🇮🇳
Very good
I remember being 15-16 in highschool watching your insomnia playthroughs and literally jumping so high that my desk would jolt with me 😂 needless to say it’s those memories why I choose to stay subscribed. I support your decision. I’m 24 this month 💜
i love this man
pew go back
Please quit....really..
Grew up watching him,feels like i went through the same experiences as him, doing mad shit when young then getting mature as you grow older...... pewds content always peaked when he did stuff which he liked doing.....will forever be one of my favourite creators...... love u pewds <3 <3
Theres not much I can say that hasn't already been said in the comments all ready. I've grown up with you. That makes me chuckle because I'm a few years older. You have been one constant in a world of chaos. Many of my darkest hours where sent here on youtube with you, Marzia, Mia and Edgar. Been here almost the whole time. I landed here at the end of Ameshia, I've seem almost every video since.
You don't have to be worry pewds. Just enjoy your days in Japan and upload what you want to upload
I Am Youtuber  You Tuber  Mare Celebrity Channel Hai 👉Mare Channel Se Aapke Help Ho Koren ❤️❤️❤️❤️NICE VIDEO❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I Am Youtuber  You Tuber  Mare Celebrity Channel Hai 👉Mare Channel Se Aapke Help Ho Koren ❤️❤️❤️❤️NICE VIDEO❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I Am Youtuber  You Tuber  Mare Celebrity Channel Hai 👉Mare Channel Se Aapke Help Ho Koren ❤️❤️❤️❤️NICE VIDEO❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Es ok, I'll be just re-watching all the videos from the day 1 🥲 plz don't remove them, they keep me alive on my toughest moments. I started watching your vids in 2011 and they are my biggest drug, they've helped me so much to cope with everything that was happening to me in all these years. Thank you Felix. Thank you Pewds ♡ xoxo
Personally, I think it's great that you're changing your content as you mature as a person. I've been really enjoying watching your streams lately, whereas with the old drama stuff, it just wasn't for me. Whatever you choose to do, the main thing is that it's something you enjoy doing, and that comes across in your videos and will always be more enjoyable for us to watch.
We love you pew ive know you sicne middle school now in college just keep doing you i enjoy the things you share
I'm digging all these occasional slice of life videos. It's really chilled and interesting. Wishing you all the best Felix and family.
We love the vlogs
We will always support you
I think I can vouch for a lot of people when I say that the japan vlogs are a good breath of fresh air in terms of your content overall. I always enjoyed the old japan vlogs when you took your annual trips and getting more and more of that has been really nice to watch. I'm super glad you and Marzia are enjoying it to the fullest. It's a fun adventure to watch. I think the old programs you did like pew news, meme review, YLYL, etc. were part of a certain era in your channel and really youtube as a whole that ended when it needed to. At the end of the day it's obviously up to you whether you decide to take on a new path in life, but so far I'm loving this new approach you're taking to content and i think it's good that you're just enjoying whatever time you have left and taking your time with everything.
I didn’t discover you until you were over 100 million. I would hate for you to leave just when I’ve gotten used to you.
😂😂😂
The day Pewds truly retires and stops uploading will truly be a sad day.
Ordinary people connecting with other ordinary people through videos using nothing more than who they are.  YOUTube was the perfect name and with guys like this leading the way it was always going to work.
Because ken needs someone to piggieback on to keep his channel alive
i love you bro
Honestly?  Gör vad faaan du villlll!
Whatever reason it is, Pewds we are here for you, whether you quit or not were going to support you, and this kinda a joke, but if... Just if, if your going to Quit YouTube don't delete your channel😅🤣, but seriously it's up to you and we will be there for you..Keep being you, your  Awesome...
Honestly, I love that some of my favorite creators are doing chill content. Truly making videos cause they themselves enjoyed it. I feel like I grew up and matured with them. I started watching when I was a kid and the content was intense and an attention grabber. Now though, I just wanna relax and laugh. Even game-related stuff I prefer a relaxed gameplay. So pewds just keep doing what you enjoy. I'd prefer if you never stop uploading but if you did, hey I'll support that too! I think you being your genuine self is much more enjoyable than you faking it and we see the dead look in your eyes. Keep doing what you love and I hope it'll stay that way!  P.S: I would love to see a full surfing video tbh.. Maybe when the waves are big!
Man I am a grown ass man but would cry like a child if Poods quit ...
There are times when I miss some of the old format content. The Resident Evil 7 playthrough, for example, was one of my favourite series of Let's Plays on YT. But I also get why the channel has changed (as many times as it has) and I think that there's something to be had in every style of video you post. You've been one of the biggest inspirations for me to start reading and writing, to get frequent exercise, and to give up some pretty bad habits. I can say with absolute certainty that your channel and your efforts have had a positive impact on my life and the fact that you and Marzia are living life your way is even more inspiring. Even the controversies have given reason to feel inspired - to know that someone can pull themselves from an incredibly dark place, despite the world wishing they'd fail, is something priceless. Brofist!
Pewds, you should always do what you want,your fans will always be there, we love you because you are yourself and not someone fake, love and respect from Serbia
It's okay Felix, just you uploading what you love is enough for us and we support you just being here, you've already did a lot these past years so just having time for yourself is enough. 😇❤️
i understand you change and stuff but will you considering playing the mortuary assistant now that the game in full release?
One video a week is enough for me, just to see an update about his life.
honestly i jove the vlog content, but you dont have to or dont need to worrie about the content others wanna watch, you should just make the content that you love, and share what you love, cuz truely thats whaty we wanna see. we wanna see you enjoying what ever ur doing, thats whats makes it fun
"some things change but they are still the same"  -evžen
Will you make book review again :D
Just do what you like
i love you pewds!
Baby PewDiePie is what I'm waiting at ✌🏻😂 No pressure tho 😆
you are the pioneer of youtube gamer all over youtube. I hope you still making montage of playing game, no matter everybody said about you.  you are still the best gamer youtuber I've ever seen bro 👊🏻👊🏻 brofist!
So happy that he din leave us ❤️
I miss Happy Wheels.
Just keep it up end just enjoy yt
2 weeks from now he will say more racist shit and try to say he's quitting again
You're awesome, bro!
I still support him even though I don't see his videos anymore cuz they're like mostly Vlogs or him just reacting to stuff and Mr Beast has somehow got close to him and going to surprise him which is nice but I'll be fine if he retires cuz he made all of us laugh so it would be nice for him to just be him without the drama of stuff but he will be the same in the end
No quit please PewDiePie
Mahhh man
🔔🔔🔔🔔
Keep doing you bro, you're a great personality.
If you quit YouTube it will feel like my best friend has left me or something like that. I dont know. It would make me feel empty. Im always happy to see a new video of yours  pop up.
DONT EVER QUIT - followed you from myspace bro!!
Damn, when did you get audeze headphones, and are you now dipping into the audiophile hobby?
"im a youtuber for fun" -Pewdiepie S class Youtuber
*brofist* somethings never change
Don't quit please 👍
Personally I don't think it matters what type of content you do as long as you enjoy it. It's fun no matter what stay awesome bro 👊
Just do whatever you want
😍😍😍😚⚡⚡
Dear pewds- I’ve been watching you since the early days, like slender the 8 pages days, and I simply wanted to say I’m proud of you and thank you!!!  You’ve always been someone I admire deeply, because of your simplicity and genuine personality. I personally in the last year or so have enjoyed your content now more than probably the past 3 years before!! (Not that I didn’t care for it but you know… kinda mid lol)  In all seriousness you said one thing here that gets to the reason I say all this [you started as a guy just having fun, now you just want to have fun.]  Pewds have fun!!! You don’t have to feel like you owe us a certain kind of content.  But hey if you want to do a play through of a game you love or something I won’t mind lol :)   Anyways thanks for a great 12 years, sincerely- a loyal fan.
Me now: 0 subscriber ,😭
SUB TO NON155  AFTER  I CAN GET THAT 1K FORM UNFAIR WAY OF VIEWS
Wow seeing pewdiepie age made me tear 🥹
if you do quit, I'll give you 50 bucks for your channel 🤣🤣🤣
Have a kid man, it'll change you drastically, 100% guarantee
a wise man
No quit......pp
Best person bin general.
It reminds me of Noel Gallagher. Someone said to him that he's rich now and can stop writing songs. And Noel felt like "If that's what you think, you just absolutely do not get it. I became famous because I ENJOY writing songs, and that's why I continue writing them."
The version of pewdiepie I enjoyed watching so much is him doing crazy shit in the wild aka public. Truly remind me of our meme Lord Filthy Frank.
this are the weirdest and most awful looking headphones i've seen in a while. looks so goofy, way too big
You've proven yourself so much as a trailblazer for the YouTube community. You deserve all the rest and relaxation, just taking a step back, enjoying life and sharing your experiences with us. Loving your newfound perspective and tapping into your roots again. Staying true to yourself is what attracted a lot of your audience, take care Pewds!!
I hope pewds making tutorial video for editing
Just being you, real bro will still love it, event if it's just talk :) Because for most of us your like an older brother and we just want some news if everything is ok or not.  Most of viewer now is the same who was here 10 years ago <3 So we want simplicity and you having fun creating video :)
If I was 90 and watched a pewdiepie video I’d still put my fist through the screen at the end
If you quit YouTube i will too
@PewDiePie 100% respect man! Thanks for the content!
Sive went in on those closing credits
Pewds. remember Tseries, they barely get 1k veiws anymore. U r still the king of utube. AND U SET A WORLD RECORD most dislike video on utube. u have made ur mark on utube
Take care
i started watching pewds because of his happy wheels videos and now we"re here lmao time flies
I'm loving the content your putting out, it's so wholesome ❤️ I enjoy your personality, so what ever you put out is always enjoyable! I'm glad your having fun 😁
Do it at your own pace pewds your one of the first gaming channels i watched as a kid
ggs. you will be missed brother
i think pewds should start boxing XD thats seems to be where youtube is going now.
4:09 bong 4:51 bong
hi, I don't comment often and I don't know how to put what I'm feeling into words but I really appreciate how humble you are and how honest you are with your community. thank you Felix
very meaningful video, thank you Felix
gotta love this mann fr , i dont usually comment but the amount of time i've spent watching ur content is way more than idk what (me studying most probably) so here i am . love ya homie BROFIST
Yes Yes YEEEEEEEEES
Don't get offended by those rubbish comments. Just upload what you want to upload
I hope you will never quit youtube because my life would be incomplete without you.  I love your videos ❤
more japan vlogs <3
Really glad to see your enjoying yourself Felix, its great to see you and Marzia happy and that the move to Japan is working well for you both. Allways enjoyed your content whatever you choose to be creating at that time. Its cool that your feeling more relaxed about being able to do what please's you again. For me i'd say keep on that flex. It's a given that your style will change and adapt as you do throughout the years and its cool to see it evolve with you. Wish you both all the best. 👊
Thanks for the honesty and I'm glad you care about your life over career. Do what you want to do in life. That's the real dream.
😚😚🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤
This is nice to watch. Been to see you evolve. Hopefully now you're in control of that evolution.
felix really is a nice guy, having such passion towards youtube for him to share what he wants was the greatest thing both can have nowadays, doing what you want is gonna be way better than doing exactly what you did back then and honestly, you can just really take a break from doing youtube, you have done enough king, and i would be looking forward to the future content too thanks for sticking around pewdss!
keep continue i love sm u wont even know it
Japan vlogs are the best thing on your channel so I hope you keep them coming
I heard you has become a katana smith in Japan. Is it true?
Those headphones though
Never ever quit! Keep pushing even when it’s hard. You can do it.
ily
Pls don't quit bruh
I just wanna know what bladee sounds like in those headphones
Pewds book club !!!
love you pewds!
Please do.
Completed it Mate
never quit.. i grew up with you.. make videos even at 60
Pewds💚💚💚💚
I remember one of my friends from elementary introduced me to his videos and ever since then he’s been my favorite, and will always be my favorite
I’ve never liked your videos in the past. Being 36 years old I’ve always felt out of the target group. But now, since you moved to Japan, I’ve actually subscribed to you. And I really enjoy your content now! Keep doing what you feel is fun for you! Much love from Sweden 🇸🇪
Bro, keep doing what you do, we will always support you.
That's what's sad about youtube you don't know that the creator is going through... Yet they push on to Their viewers happy. Thank you pewds for making my childhood to best with your videos
€€€€€€€
what
Bro 👊! Always will be, dont get discouraged with them do what you are happy with. And bro army still up!
I’m not a core pewdiepie follower. I recently (last year or two) enjoyed some of your older style content that you’re saying you are no longer into.  I for one am very excited to have your channel be a place that you create content that you simply enjoy. I have been loving the Japan content.
♥♥♥♥
Yey! Another reason to stay in this world!!
I think many would agree that we watch your videos for you being who you are. No matter what the content is, we watch you because of your personality, thoughts, insights, opinions, voice, humor and so much more. Just keep doing what you love, what makes you happy! 👊
Just a sad fact: someday Pewds'll give us the last brofist 😢
just to see u living happily, enjoying a normal life, and putting out positivity to the internet is the best motivation ever I get for following my passion as a career, it's always so nice to see you here as a window of hope and light no matter what I'm struggling through RN. So Thank You for that dude, you're the BEST!
This comment section is 1000% postivity ❤️
You do you pewds just enjoy what you want to do and not to force it so that you'll enjoy what you wanted to do and not by going with the flow idk what I'm saying lol.  The reigns of edgar is upon us can't wait for the pug gamers return
Bro im from 5 years future bro army got to 500 million subs!
Does Sive at least have other gigs if pewds were to quit?
I think you should read The Bible next.
I love pewdiepie!
Love you man. Just upload the content that you want
Just enjoy life. No need to explain yourself to anyone. 👊
ready for what ever! thanks pews
Bro I just hope you are happy
Pewds channel is a time capsule tbh
Try reaction video for next "fun thing". Try react to "The meaning of life - Muslim spoken word"
I've really been enjoying a content lately, I don't  care about a schedule or anything as long as a video of you enjoying your new life drops every now and then.
i love u pewds
Pewd epic
The best thing you could've said. It's the way I also understood it when you said you consider yourself retired. I'm very happy that you do everything the way you like it. Honestly this is the reason why I just keep watching every single video. They are some of the last actually content on this platform. Thanks Mr. Post-Credit-Scene
bruh i love those vlogs so much,do what u wanna do man,love u
I love the new content about your journey in Japan. You do you :)
I see your soul is at unrest. I'm here, as are 111 million others. I've not really watched your videos at all. Just subscribed cus I thought why not, like 6 months ago or more. But I can see you're upset. I'm here if you need to talk.
Loving the Japan Vlogs! 💕💕
This video was so inspirational - especially your views on shorts and short lived content - I feel like YouTube is pushing creators into making shorts even if they don't want to, it's very hard to actually create the content I want to make without feeling totally demotivated by getting constant low analytics.
We love you Pewds! Just continue doing what you love!
We love you, Felix.
Great camera quality, no jk.
I'll always support you, Felix! Thank you for continuing to be yourself and for sharing your awesome journey with all of us. Please thank Marzia for editing the Japan vlogs too! I can't wait to travel there again. But for now, I'm happy I get to see Japan through your eyes. I hope you continue to enjoy what you do for as long as you can. ♥
I'm 30 now and I've been watching you for years. For me the evolution of your content makes perfect sense and I feel so happy just by simply watching you and Marzia enjoying Japan, I'm always like: "aww look at them living the dream". I hope you continue to share your life journey with us and keep inspiring people for many years! Be happy! :)
YouTube = Pewds❤️
Its better to burn out then to fade away
Best youtuber ever
to me personally, this "Japan stage" is the best content.
This was so sweet. You've already peaked and had amazing experiences and it's totally understandable you want to relax more now. reap the rewards of your years of constant dedication to youtube numbers and enjoy Japan with Marzia and the doggos. I think the majority of your fanbase just enjoy whatever you enjoy and I know I personally don't have a major content preference I'll watch just about any of your videos. Looking forward to watching more content that you enjoy making.
See you later when you are ready for daily uploads! Glhf in JP!
Do whatever content you want to post
I'm so happy for this man.
Sponsor eagel!!!!!
Pewdie I'm going to start a Mexican revolution again I want my people to live a simple life I've through many countries but I'm tired of my people being abused by america I want no superpowers
give me money, you did not quit hahaha
wtf is this editing
🫂
I really enjoy the videos where you just honestly enjoy yourself. Whether it's a video from the past or a video from now. You have this entice enthusiasm or sharing of a part of yourself whether it is in conflict, pain, pretence or in pure joy that goes beyond the subject of the video. For your video's subject might have changed you are still the human who cares and is trying to figure out life. That's why I love watching you and your channel develop you are a human just like the rest of us changing and trying yo figure out what life is about. Thank you for sharing that with us, through the good and the bad. Enjoy.
I feel like most of your viewer’s are people who watched you since they were kids so I think we all understand and are okay with whatever you do. As long as you’re relax and happy
There's some point of my life that I watch a lot of Pewdiepie content for no important reason, and I like it.
I'm glad you decided to stay and it's great to see what you want to do seeing you grow throughout your journey. I do miss your old content when you used to do a lot of horror but even then I still like the content that you do now because still entertaining to watch and it's great to see that you're having fun again which makes it all the more better.
Me and my girlfriend love watching your japanvlogs. Its got this really chill lofi kinda vibe, whkch i find extremely chill and relaxing.   Its great to see your passion being back again, doing what you love to do. Keep goong at your own pace, and have fun in japan, man!
luv ya pewds!
I tried doing YouTube way back when cause you had inspired me to do so. I think though I fell off when I was going for a more, "I want to make this my job" approach rather than just having fun like I did. I feel like this video has rekindled that excitement inside me to want to make videos for fun. I was always worried about how it looked and what not I was never just proud to be able to make it and watch my friends laugh at it.
I've been here for 6 years and still going strong. Honestly? I would consume any video you'll post, I just like hanging out with you. I'm really glad you're not quitting and enjoy making videos again!
2:48 i wish big corps would think like that
You're the most relatable and humane "celebrity" of all time, that's why i like you. I subscribed in like 2011. Been a bro since. I grew up with your videos. You motivated me, kept me positive through hard times, made me laugh, cry, fear, smile, although you don't even know it, you've been a huge part of my life. Just do what you want, BE HAPPY, stay healthy. Take care senpai <3
Pewds is quiet quitting
😭😭😗😗😐😐☺☺
Thank you for your continued service, Pewds. No but really, thanks for continuing to share your stories with us.
Headphone and the color is wow
Whatever you want to do, we'll support you pewds. brofiiissstttt
I’ve watched you for so many years now that whenever you post something it feels like catching up with an old friend. You inspire me so much, and im grateful for every video you post
Pewdiepie your going down little by little if you don't make good content soon mrbeast will pass you
my inspiration
You do you, Felix.  We'll be here when you need us.  You gave my son the "Big PP" award for sharing your birthday with you during a livestream and I'll always remember and appreciate that! (as lame as that may be to say)
I, I, I, I .....
Content ⚡❤️❤️❤️
Started with cod, then horror, then happy wheels, then... We dont talk about those years....
I just wait for your videos . Do what you like ig . Even vlogs u do are soopr relaxing and good . Pls don't quit till your 69…??
You are an inspiration to all of us. Your video always entertained us
That Bro Fist 👊 man,  Really feels like Felix just feels comfortable being himself now PewDiePie = Felix and Felix = PewDiePie and it feels right, keep being yourself man we love when you share stuff with you and for however long you wanna keep doing this we'll keep watching it! ❤️👊
yesss yess keep going i will keep support you
*Have a good one!*
you are the longest content creator i've been following and i'm glad it's you pewds from my elementary years to now going to college ♡
shut up and do video about car
do more knife songs!
You've "quit" already, even if you're still doing videos.
Dude we are going to be here no matter what. Would be nice to see more philosophical and book club videos.
we miss ur gaming content
You're just one of those rare few YouTubers who I've grown so attached to, I feel like I don't mind if you completely change the type of content you create, it's almost always enjoyable to watch. And I think it's great that you've gone through growth and change over the years. In my eyes it's kept your channel fresh and interesting because all video ideas, no matter how great, if done multiple times, will get stale eventually.  I'm just glad to see you enjoying life and enjoying Japan. It's wonderful to also see you having fun making videos after all this time. I do lowkey wish that you brought back the reading & bookclub videos, but that's completely up to you and what kind of content you want to create.
I personnaly support Pewds even if he completely quits. The reason why is because no matter how you look at it, I see a dude who has accomplished everything that he wanted and that demands a lot of courage, patience and strength to be able to do the same things over the years. I just love the idea that someone has shown us his journey to become successful and I would take that as an inspiration to do the same in my life! (I'm  girl, but I can proudly say I'm a bro for life!)
I have been watching since Amnesia, and have been with you the whole way. Through all the phases including the edgy times haha. But I grew up with your content. So as your content changed and “grew up”, I grew up with it. I was in elementary school in 2010, now I’m a senior in college. Even if pewds does rly stop eventually, he’ll be a part of a big part of my life. Thanks Felix!
Pewds please don't quit 🥺🥺
This video is like a slap to the face because i cannot imagine you not uploading videos although i know that point will come some day. Its just, ive been watching you since amnesia and happy wheels videos since i was a kid and seeing you go would be really emotional although i respect any decision youll come to. Its like youve always been there. My parasocial relation is showing but its funny how i can talk about you with friends like we know you even though you dont even know about our existence. Best wishes to you and Marzia and may many good things come your way
You're the reason I found out your gameplay of yours Rocksmith Muse songs and I started playing guitar and didn't stopped there ever since. Thanks
Pewds, I think as you simultaneously inspire many others to begin YouTube (hello!), you're also consistently inspiring yourself to try new content over the years. Sounds to me like you love to share your experiences with the world and a lot of people appreciate that.. it's easy to get caught up in the numbers but so many of us enjoy you simply and unapologetically being yourself. Glad you're still here, keep going!
Floor gang for life
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
i love the part that pewds said " i have the high grounds"   jk love you pewds♥️!
Genuinely almost cried when he bro fisted at the end. You're one of the very rare people that will leave the world in a better place when youre gone. You made impact. Always be proud of that pewds
I will always be here
do what’s good for you pewd, we all appreciate your presence🤍
I'm very pleased you didn't quit Pewd, your vlogs in Japan are the videos I appreciate the most on youtube, they make me feel very good and inspire me a lot. They motivate me to continue on my path and maybe one day move to another country for few years and experience this. Love you
People grow, careers grow, it’s exciting you’re doing what you want to do. And I’m a new sub post the new Japan content, and I’m sure I’m not alone!
Your sincerity and authenticity always were so inspiring for me. I've been watching you for many years and realized with time that this actually the core of your channel — your amazing authentic personality. Not gaming, or memes, or vlogs etc. Just you being yourself. 💖🌸  It is great to see you happy with your life, enjoying the things you are doing. You really deserve all of this.  Whatever you decide to do with your channel, you will always have the support from this community. We love you, Felix 💛
It feels like Felix finished the game already and he just keep playing to have fun
love your vlogs, keep doing what you love! hope to see some gaming content soon
Keep inspiring us Felix! Bro Army will always support you! 👊🏼❤️
Pewds is like Ed Sheeran of youtube. Ed said on multiple occasions that to make music and just have enough for existential needs was the dream, and he as wel more than passed that dream now, so he just makes the music whenever he feels like it. So i 100% support this mentality
I’m glad you are still here. Your videos make me happy.
Pewds: Reflecting... being grateful... Me: STOP HITTING THE MIC!  LOVE YOU PEWDS!!! Please don't leave us. I was a high schooler when I started watching your videos, and now I'm a working adult in her late 20s and I'm still watching you. A lot of OG youtubers left and I don't want you to do the same.
I can't even express how happy I am seeing how content Felix is with his life at the moment. I watched him 'grow up', I grew up with him, I learned most of my English because of him and mostly we all watched him grow into a better person  Thank you Felix, and have a happy life🌷💜
sir pewdiepie you are the inspiration of every youtuber and streamer here in the philippines even me i really idolized you ever since
We love your Japan vlogs!!! They are my favorite YouTube videos coming out right now.
If I’m opening YouTube I’m probably gonna check if pewds has uploaded a vid and it’s been like that for the last 10 or so years haha.
It's YouTube do what You want.
You are right to focus more on real life and people around you Felix. Its what everyone wants at the end, just love and peace, and I wish you that you will have a good long life full of happiness with your beloved ones. Take care bro!👊
Just do videos on what you enjoy doing. 🙄 Duh!
weirdly wholesome
Nice
Do what you enjoy.  You have the freedom to do so
The happier you are with your content, the happier we are. We'll always be here as long as you want to keep going!
I like felix because he always made an joke at every video's he was make it in our channel
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he archives something He always respect us , the audience and his team and he is polite in all his videos We congratulate ourselves on this achievement More to come ..
We love you bud, we have you to keep doing what you love not what we expected of of 🥰🥰
One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he archives something He always respect us , the audience and his team and he is polite in all his videos We congratulate ourselves on this achievement More to come ..
I started watching in 2014 or 2015. Havent watched your videos in a few years but Im interested in seeing what you do in this new chapter. Best wishes man. Glad youre doing well.
thanks for the update felix
Honestly it's up to pewds if he wants to quit or not. Im still happy that he's making videos. We will respect your decision when it comes to the future of your channel.
♥
5 on trending in my country Bangladesh 🇧🇩
Pewds, your newer videos are awesome. I love watching your videos - old and new. It's so refreshing to watch something simple instead of fast paced Mr Beast rip offs everywhere. I hope you enjoy making your current videos and are truly happy doing it. You've definitely been a huge inspiration to me as a YouTuber, and more importantly my LIFE. I've grown up with you and you have genuinely helped me grow into the person I'm proud to be today. Love ya from NZ <3
It’s so special when the video ends with a brofist, makes me remember all the times I’d brofist back to the screen a decade ago
I’ve always loved pewds since the amnesia days.. I feel like I grew up with him and it’s so nice to see him happy now and still uploading after all these years.. if you do quit then I wish you the best but you would be sorely missed! Big love pewdiepie 😊
Ah yes the existential crisis. You must seek ancient Japanese proverb: Bru U du U. Huy.
動画投稿続けて欲しいです
pewds u are amazing : )
I LOVE WATCHING YOU WHEN YOU LOVE WHAT YOU DO! it doesnt matter what you do, were happy if you are :)
I really enjoy the content you're making now! Very inspiring and nice to see
Pewdiepie go on cold ones again
love u this
Legends Never Quit
please do more book reviews tho
I feel like we've all grown up with him. I love that his new "schedule" isn't all that consistent or often. I'm not as often on yt anymore, so I'd have a hard time catching up if there were daily uploads. Now I can get excited for a new upload! It feels great.
My relationship with YouTube has changed over the years. I think due to changes in me and YouTube. Im currently enjoying the relaxed feel of this channel but I also enjoyed the forays into literature and philosophy. I feel happy knowing that Felix is doing this through choice.
Idc What u upload ive been here since 2013 I’m invested
This is the real Felix. Love this video. Keep it up bro!
as long as the credits dont roll, hes still here
I love you bro, I’m obsessed with your japan vlogs I hope you never get tired of making those
I am happy that you're just living your life as you want to now and even if you drop 1 vid every month i will still be here. This rocket never stops but it needs some time to refuel to go even further beyond!
Well we all grow up while watching you. So the content also became more mature in time. It felt natural
This era of pewds is slow and gentle era it was like retiring in the countryside while still doing what you love without even doing that much like you before, a lot of the fans really enjoy the Japan vlogs because it's relaxing and we felt like we are with you guys, don't mind the hater and we will always enjoy your content.
Man I remember finding you in the early stages of happy wheels and everything since has been a adventure for us I can’t imagine what it feels like for you glad to see you enjoying life and Japan keep it up man enjoy life it’s short
Thanks Felix so many of us genuinely love you like family and just want to spend some time with you every now and then..even if you made videos of just making lunch every day we would join you. ❤️
The fans support you pewds. Don’t stress about it, we love your “retirement videos” 🙏
J
Carpe Diem
сук*
I don't want you to quit, but I wish you'd mark your vlog videos with "vlog" in the title because vlogs are my least favorite content. And hopefully you'll start doing other videos besides the vlogs as well.
I love you, man.
Bro I'm 22 and look older
The character developement of pewdiepie throughout the years has been insane
This is EXACTLY what I've wanted for you all along. It's kind of been in the back of my mind, but I never truly realized how I want so badly for all of my favorite YouTubers to get to this point. Happy, past the grind for money and views and growth, past the confusion about parasocialism and revealing too much/too little to their audience, past hearing so many negative comments even though it's the minority, and back around to the fun practices that made them start uploading videos in the first place. Not for money, or any other reason but the fact that it still fulfills you. You've been through it all and came out a great guy still. You've accomplished so much, and you deserve the happiness you have now because you've worked so hard for it and given us a ton. Consistency, watching you grow and change as a human, and entertainment...  I've been watching for a long time, but I don't think I've ever commented. Glad to see you happy man. It gives me hope that maybe we all can be happy one day, and you wear it well!
So weird that I used to hate you. 💚
honestly, if you like where you are in life, it's completely okay to settle. we live in this ''grind'' culture that just makes everyone so miserable, but admitting that makes you ''weak''. so yeah...I love how you are essentially filming your retirement
Pewds I remember watching you since 2014 I loved growing with you and the day you quit will be a somber day for me keep doing what you doing :)
What? That video wasn't a clickbait?
thank u for all the good memories
I love you
STAY! Thanks for coming to my ted talk
To be honest I love that the content grows with you. I'm following this channel since 2014 (maybe not always wirh this account) and when you are a long term subscriber you change with time as well so the different content is refreshing. Ofcourse there is stuff that entertains me more then other so there is times where I watch your videos more frequently then others but I'm still happy to see you grow in different ways. 😊
Youre one of the best things thats ever happened on the internet pewds. Thanks for sticking around. Its been a great experience growing old with you and the bros. 👊
This is exactly what I wanted to hear!  I'm interested in seeing whatever you're enthusiastic about.
More minecraft!
Felix, at least for me, it was never about the memes or the drama or the games, it was about experiencing those things with you. It never mattered what it was as long as it was you enjoying it
Thanks, Felix. I'm very thankful that you're not quitting. Your videos pulled me through back in 2012. I'm very thankful to my little sister for introducing your videos to me back then.
you can't quit. You shouldn't quit. We got more games coming on the future, we wna see yo play it
You do what makes you happy! We will still be here
Please come back full time Pewds!!!   The world needs you now more than ever!!!
It's important to set goals for yourself. Not just as something to strive for, but also as a checkpoint for yourself to look back on and think "Have I done enough? Am I satisfied?" In YouTube's case, that means examining whether it's really that important to keep growing as a channel, or just maintain what you have and make the most of it
I’ve enjoyed the videos. I Don’t look forward to them because it’s not about consistency but rather the surprise of seeing a posted video.
Well, it's good to see more about life in Japan.
Pewd's watching you having fun playing games is the reason i started watching because it was entertaining watching you having fun and if it feels stale to you then i support you uploading whenever you want to for fun because the experience will genuine and you'll still see us all there
I feel like pewds has had an amazing life as a channel, no matter what he uploads there will always be a dedicated viewer base that watches it. After so long of doing youtube and focusing on the grind I’m sure it’s great for him to just do whatever he wants, and it also gives his newer videos a level of authenticity that other channels just can’t achieve.
Pewdiepie, Do you think that Mr beast will pass you in the next year since he hit 100M subs
I'm sorry to say that I had to unsubscribe during all that time you spent pandering to 12 year old's demands for content. Since you moved to Japan, I've been enjoying your channel even more than I did back in the day and all you had to do is stop to smell the roses. My wife is watching your videos now too and TRUST ME that's a big deal, she usually hates YouTube.
Man, i love you.
Before you retire, BRING BACK BEASTMASTER 64
Sive editing this while crying that he's out of work: :0
Good luck to you, champ!
love these real talk videos
PewDiePie is one of my inspirations for why I started Youtube and it took me a while to find the content I want to do. Glad I found it and I'll just get to work on it. 👊
I can never leave pewds. Man brought me out of some of the most  lowest parts of my life
u tha man
Felix just really hit the nail on the head about drama and meme videos and shorts just being distractions
This makes me happy 😊 even a Dane can appreciate this 😆
Pew Die Pie going to space as a YouTuber, and mentioning me to help my channel when? xD But to be honest, Im happy i have 1000 subs lol. DONT GIVE UP! I prefer your recent videos on Japan and some of the gaming streams too.
Literally the most honest and wholesome content creator on this platform. Keep it up
The best is yet to come pewds just do it for fun
Pewds will always run youtube
Do whatever you love and want Mr.Pewdiepie 😊 we are here to still support you through and through ❤️
pewd chad
4:21 that swore bleep didn't quite work lol
Cool headset, not sure about the dual cable there though...
I mean u can quit anytime u want, u can quit when u turned 40,50,60,70 we don't care the PewDiePie we know from the start is still the PewDiePie we love until the earth explodes or even the galaxies
I never understood the drive some people or companies have to "keep seeing those numbers go up." Once I reach a certain point that I deem successful I'm totally content. *shrug*
Pewds ur new Japan chapter means alot to us. We understand that besides being a famous youtuber, u r also a human being just like us. Its ur life boss. LIVE IT THE WAY U WANT. We will always LOVE u and ur content. 🥰🥰🥰
W pewds
what type of headphones are those ....
fkin love you pewds
Amazing dude. I‘m just glad you‘re still here ❤️
the soul reason we all follow you not because of your followers or you being number one we follow you because your content is genuine every single time even if it's a reacting video in other word not scripted at all and second we all love you because you are not the type to flex something hard unless you hit a milestone or something i mean not drunk on fame and wealth.  In short you are the kind of person who doesn't run behind money and always stays to the ground no matter how big or small you get thats why you are called as choosen king
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Pewdiepie sucks with 110 million subs as T-SERIES IS THE WINNER with 225 million subscribers
those headphones are so cool
bring back book review!! (if you want, just a idea ) :)
As an amnesia bro,I’m just grateful you are still here Pewds.It’s like seeing someone you grew up with and whenever you post is like we catch up with an old friend🥲
truthfully the greatest redemption arc ever written
have been a fan since like 2014 or 15 i dont care if you decide to quit, i just enjoyed every seconds of you still making videos yknow.
The Legendary BeastMaster64!!!!
To summarize the video, he's basically saying he grew up 💀
I like pewds, glad he's still around*
Retirement in 30s is a dream. Not many of us can afford it so enjoy it and give us the best content you feel like is to be created and posted. The true bro's will always stay and watch the good stuff when they come.
The first time i saw pews 10years ago could never imagine this route. I saw steve plays F. E. A. R first and pewds appearence in horror games came around the same time. Got addicted and 10years later still coming to check him out. Congrats for all the success Felix. 😎👍🎉
As much I would still like to see Pewdiepie videos pop up every other day and get a sense of happiness whenever I watch them, I support you even if you decided to quit youtube.
The king of y0utub3
I DON'T CARE I WANT MEME
Don't quit. He should keep doing what hes doin and it aint like the channel is gonna die anytime. He can literally make a bigass comeback anytime if he wants to. Maybe with some very different type of content.
Most important is that happnies makes you success! Keep doing what you like. Ha det så bra där Felix !
pewds just be happy
never quit, u will always come up with something fun :D
make some video for scary gameplay uwu
I have the same headphones and I noticed that you have the cables inserted the wrong way. In audio applications the red wire goes on the right side and black on the left!
thinking abt you quitting would make me cry fr, ive been watching since 2013 and youve helped me get through my childhood i love your vids you honestly my all time fav ytber
Pewds, I've been with you like 7-8 years already (damn such a long time) and I stop watching you from time to time, just because, you know, not feeling to. I kinda take a vacations from your videos, but I NEVER unsubscribed! I still watch your videos, not every video, but I still enjoy them. And if you still enjoy making them for us and yourself, so keep going. I do not support that part of people who say you to retire. I will be in your gang as long as possible.
dont quit id be a wast of all the time you put in but dont worry about the channel and now do vids of wat ever you want n keep trying new things , i g3et bored i do new things its life keep goin pewds
I cried hby 😢
I love your new content seeing you fullfill your dreams is something that inspires me everyday to keep going with mine
To be honest I feel as if you had quitted when you stopped to upload daily. Don't get me wrong, I'm more than happy whenever I see video from you but at the same time I've watched you for probably like 10 years so I'm just used to see new video daily. Now that I wait without knowing if there will be new video or not I'm a little bit sad but also extremely happy once I get a notification. I was a huge fan of any content that you have created all these years (amnesia, stuff bought online, beast master and vlogs when you for example were in LA filming scare pewds) and obviously sometimes I miss this times but I know I have changed and so did you and all of your followers so it was inevitable. Love your work now, this slow life vibe, helps me slow down a little bit in life too, to see you and Marzia living happily doing whatever you feel is good for you ( missing her face and content too btw :D ) Wow, that was long for a YT comment, all best for both of you Felix, do whatever makes you happy and then all will be good :)
Might sound weird but I'd honestly love to watch anything uploaded by you man. I first watched The Last of Us your first gameplay don't know if you remember, it was great honestly. Ah but you won't see this comment, all good. Just keep on doing you man
Mate you’ve worked hard to get where you are! You deserve to do whatever the hell you want now! I think it’s great you still share your life changes and experiences. Most of all just do whatever makes you happy bro! Peace ✌️ 👊
media: razer stop sponsoring?
everytime i was gonna about to eat, i wouldn't forgot to open ur channel
I will still be a sub even if you quit because i don't care what the content you make as long that you do what you like its fine by me and when you will have a baby
I mean at this point his YouTube is his job along with the merch and maybe other stuff that we don't know, and this YouTube even tho now he upload once a week or two but we still watch it and by doing that there's a little income coming from this channel and you want him abandon ez money for him are you crazy 🤣  Papa pewds just do what you want do there in Japan, maybe a little bit more exciting video like what Connor and Chris do for Connor's birthday, do that with Marzia will be fun in Japan 🤣 p.s: i hope both of you not scare about high 👀
Who could've known that just doing what you like makes this whole thing so much more relaxing for you and your audience. It's always fun to see something different and I feel like people will always stick around for the journey anyways. Sure some people will leave the channel but you've realized you don't need every single person to be here with you, it's kind of keeping healthy friendships and letting toxic ones die.
Hahah look at me I'm from Japan bc I'm a anime fan boy
Just live your life bro and do it you're way   👊🏽
日本語を勉強していますか？
This is like the 7000th scene in Avengers where you find out Captain America still didn't die.
Wouldn’t it be ironic if he never uploads again. You’ve seen those YouTube channels that say they’re going to get back into it and that was their last video. What if he were never to upload, and he quits like those YouTubers lol
Very happy to see pewdiepie projecting out uselessness of memes, drama etc - thing that dont bring any real value to the world. I see him transitioning from entertainer to a philosopher which makes him irreplaceable.  Giving out his perspective and experienced earned wisdom to the world is very thoughtful of this guy.
When you reach success but then you realise it was all about the journey instead...
I also found him absolutely fucking up a Nether Portal and I think later the Aether Mod on that world. With the tree topper hat in the side of a cliff. 😂😂😂 Dying a few times and getting lost and built a giant cobble stone bridge to help find his way from spawn. Then they added beacons and I’m sure he was an influence in that decision. Then they added beds as spawn points. Now he built the giant A.S.S. and with like an insane amounts of beacons in hardcore. It’s crazy to think I’ve seen this man grow into the mostly mature adult he is today. You put a lot of hard work and I’m glad you found the same enjoyment again.
that is some fancy headset you got there
i never watched you. Well that one time when you indorsed MTGA, which MTGA is a total floping scam
Alright d00d stahp bein a poosay and play some shitty games
Don’t quit felix.. we ❤️ u
Lagom
I’ve been watching you since I was 11, now I’m 22, thank you for being an escape all these years ❤️
What r these headphones
I've followed Pewds since near the beginning but this past year is the first time I've hit the notifications bell so I always see every upload and look forward to the next upload. Definitely love the more relaxed and happy nature of your videos and seeing you just do what you want, Pewds!
Don't quit!  We love you!
After first watching your amnesia episodes when you were about to surpass smosh and now im sitting here now your nearing retirement, me flies, but i cannot wait for more of your content in tue future
Just keep doing you and living your life the way you want. That’s all there is to it. I support you all the way!
Now at the ripe age of 34... I still have dreams in the back of my mind to create a fun tech related channel, and watching videos like this one, inspires me to spark interest again. It's kind of like, why not? It's for fun~ And if something ever came out of it, then why not? I feel that's how a TON of people feel. Keep the super positive videos flowing, and enjoy Japan!
Glad your still here pewds
I still am watching ur vids pewds. Your videos still making my day. I hope i get to see you in person just to thank you for the awesome moments in your videos.
Waiting for pewdiepie jr.
for some reason i teared up 🥲
*happiness noises*
Me after 10 years still brofisting my camera. You can't not do it.
Pewds is just doing side quests now and again. Hes beaten the boss already.
original content 👊
PEWDS, just keep up the hard work in YouTube and upload more vlogs of your travels and daily life in Japan💪🏻💪🏻 Every person is different in the world, you can't always make all your viewers like your vids😅 BTW, just received my new rhinoshield x Pewds phone case, really love the design!! Thanks for the collab with them!!
I Don't want you to quit f those ppl who comment for him to quit get a LIFE
You have such a huge following, you have the possibility to speak your mind and reach out to people. Help people. Really.
bless you
I think i speak for everyone and what makes us the most happiest. When i say You do you man .
Watching it while working those notification sounds made me paranoid asf 💀👽
you can tell pewdiepie does mushrooms
Lucky me, right now my favourite content is japan vlogs :D. I always loved felix vlogs. While he was filming scare pewdipie I was waiting for the vlogs like a kid waits for the christmas presents.  The best thing with this channel, that I matured with it, I started watching at 15 now I'm 25. So the content was always just right for my age. However I'd still love to watch a play through with a game felix really likes from time to time.
The majority of us are never gonna get tired of you Pewds. We are happy and proud and it just feels like watching a long time friend. Thanks for being a good example
I think the issue at hand is people turn to YouTube for a better life, then they achieve that better life.  And leave YouTube behind.  Makes it all pointless.  Glad we where able to get You moved to Japan. Not sure how it benefits any of us tho
I want to see Felix review everyday activities. Like camping. And canoeing. Would Felix like canoeing? Don't know. Curious to find out.
doing that bro fist... it felt nice
Would you do a video about hiking in Japan?
Love u pewds
Money.
Please dont quit🥲🥲 Your vlogs are therapy for some of us. Retirement is lovely. But please dont quit
Please don’t go
At this point i just love pewds on whatever video he upload. Him sharing his experience to the viewers and just have fun. It's already at it's peak.. those who  stayed over the years with him continuously changing content are the true 9 year olds. We love pewds for what he does and not just for a certain content that he does.. i hope you continue having fun on what you do Pewds. The 9 year olds will always be here to support you
I'm really glad that you're still here. Back then I started to hang out around YT thanks to your videos. Thank you for everything 🙏 I hope you're going to just enjoy yourself!
With you always ❤️
I really enjoy A LOT the content that you’re uploading now. You seem genuinely happy and I think that all of us can notice it <3.
Look Pewds I started following you six months ago and I see that your best videos are games and vlogs but about memes I didn't like much, so I hope you continue as you are for fun.
We’re not here to see what you do pewds we’re here to watch you bring the best of yourself and enjoying things in general :)
У тебя когда появилось 111 млн подписчиков я заходил недавно на твой канал месяц назад У тебя было где-то 100 миллионов
How about you make all your fans fight each other to the "no alive" for the right to continue running your channel.
Those head phones are cool af and the new set up looks so clean 👌
Brofist mahn TuT
Noboday cares Faylix... we joost want HAPPYWHEELS
2:47 "What am I gonna do with more(money, fame...etc)?"  Very few people with wealth stop and ask this question, which you would think a normal person would do. Just work at a moderate pace and devote more time to yourself and explore what the world has to offer. It would explain why most CEOs and billionaires are borderline sociopaths, willing to compromise the quality of whatever they produce or screw over people working for them if it brings in more revenue. Reminds me of the time I worked for a CEO that would schedule his shits in google calendar.
Become a league of legends streamer on youtube, you will become addicted, toxic, lose your wife, your will to live, and everything! Give it a try!
I hope you never quit because I literally grew up with you!😂
this hurt my heart so bad. i dont want him to quit
I'm glad he still posts
the message is on point, glad you're still here pewds! do you as always and lets enjoy and share life the way we want to.
Dude, we're not here for the memes or news, we're here to hear you voice your opinions and thoughts on various topics. It may sound cringe but it's true - we're here for your personality and character. And we're growing and changing together (in our separate ways of course but still). I miss philosophy/books videos but I enjoy the slice of life vlogs as much. But seriously, book review when?
Wise pewd
That "DOOOONGGG" at 2:58 is great.
i ♡ u pewds
wowee we got a brofist and all-   I've been watching pewds on and off since the beginning & I've always liked how he continues to just upload what he wants, what a mad lad 👏 I'm the same way minus the successful part, but it's still fun ✨
Whatever content you make will be fine cause most people, like me, watch YOU and not just your content! ^^ Enjoy japan and looking forward to future videos!
Felix has the perfect opportunity to bring this full circle by retiring to work at a hot dog stand and he still hasn't done it. Small peepee
“You have two options. You can stay the same and protect the formula that gave you your initial success. They’re going to crucify you for staying the same. If you change, they’re going to crucify you for changing, but staying the same is boring. So, of the two options I’d rather be crucified for changing.”- Joni Mitchell
Glad you're staying
I'm so glad you're staying
Have fun pewds! Loved your videos before and love em now too!
honestly If u just said that u didnt quit because u have 100m subs and ended the video I think everyone would easily understand lol
<3
DID SIVE CAME BACK AS YOUR VIDEO EDITOR????
Love one another as I have loved you Jesus said. And if you love me you will keep my commandments ❤️📖nkjv🙂🎮
Keep sharing pewds <3
Its okay pewds, im here for the vlogs now HAHHAHAHA it reminds me of when i started watching your videos, especially with marzia editing them -it’s somewhat peaceful
There should be a game that’s like the SIMS but with pewdiepie and all others that were involved in his career. With all their likeness.
Winners never quit, but they can retire......
bro we have matured with you for years and years, and in all honesty there is nothing better than seeing a youtuber do things the way they wanna do it and absolutely enjoy every single moment, and its saddening to hear a person who was apart of your childhood say that they wanna quit the very thing they love most just because people wanna be picky, just do you bro!
Funny that you said you were gonna quit around that time because I had stopped watching I felt it was coming and it was making me sad bruh. I’m glad you’re still here❤
I just want more book review, and takes on art and culture. The way he expresses his ideas is really appealing
Don't ever quit youtube man
Pewds, I have your new content idea. Create programming tutorial. Trillions of people will come. Trust me.
Any chance of a collab with Chris broad?
He's certainly getting older
I want to know who the fuck asked pewds when will he quit 🤣
He didn't quit because he has no other talents and makes money doing nothing... no one's surprised he's still here
The OG brofist after practically growing up together really hit home this time around
what are  those waffles on his ears
Felix: There will be changes.  Mic: *BONK*
Pewdiepie got every YouTube a achievement and officially 100% beat the YouTube game.
Pewds should do boxing? kind of a thing i want to know about your opinion about it.
Still the best my bro
I love you man!
Please give a shout-out to the YouTube channel “ty and Kate”
Bro Fist 👊
Do A SleepVideo Again .
Missed your live stream
we’ll always support u bro !!!
Wow, I Connot believe how much he’s grown up. Or how much I’ve grown up watching him
Felix don't let anyone tell you that you should quit or whatever nonsense like that. You bring so much comfort to me it's insane and probably to many many more other people out there. Do whatever you want. Love you lots! 🤍🤍🤍
Yes yes and just yes, do what makes YOU happy!
I love Felix
It's been so long since I've started watching you (2013, I think) and seeing you grow has been a journey. So happy to see what's more in store especially that you're having fun with videos again. <3
We came this far and felix is still wearing headphones while not using them
No why are you going to let youtube
Have you ever thought about living without benefits of money for a month as a YouTube and mental challenge
My heart sank for a moment. I thought he was leaving for good. 😅
Your videos make me happy. Not many things in life make me happy. You do whatever you want just be happy
Man I love this guy
I feel like at some point pewdiepie quit youtube and now its felix running the channel.
So happy you are coming back around to posting content that feels natural to you! The algos/strict schedule for uploading really does take away what drew me into your channel in the first place. Keep doing you and surf on man ur best content def comes when you are relaxed and passionate about what u are creating :)
Some things needed to end at some point, and gotta keep following your dreams...so I'm still expecting a "Goodbye Youtube" video one day and later on creating abominable furby gundams with Marzia Genuine content is the best content, I could say its like I'm growing up with you constantly changing as we grow older.  Tho I hope you still desire to share your journeys until the end...like we need to have a grandpa pewds still uploading vids someday lol
Sometimes I just wanna hug Felix and Thank Him of how many great memories we have made together 💖
I'm so glad youre staying!!
pew die pie
Because your old content was cringe (Let's be brutally honest: Being a grown man and screaming at cheesy indie horror games for years isn't sustainable, unless you're Markiplier--- his fans will watch him scream at something for the 3 millionth time) and your NEW content is exceptional... That's really it..
Your best videos are when you are obviously having fun.  Keep making what you want the way you want to.
Because in the name of sweden his mission is to cuck the world
I love how Pewds is still YT to the end. No production crew and directors, just a man sat in front of camera in a room. Miss the old YT days
He wanna retire with $50 million
Sounds like you already ARE retired, kinda. If this is a hobby instead of a job, then you're not really working anymore. Best place to be :P
I honestly have no words other than I am so happy/proud of pewds for sticking to what he loves and not letting other people destroy it❤️
Make a mrbeast distract it will be lit
Please.... quit.
Damn tlou2 really affected you that much
Don't quit! YouTube is so boring without you. Take your breaks. We love you.
I don't care what the haters say, we still love what you do pewds. You're an inspiration, you had nothing when you started, now even I'm trying my best to work hard and be something in life. I hope you should also keep on going because many of us will be upset if you quit
I don’t usually comment but iv been watching you since I was 13, racing home from school for the next upload. I gotta say what a ride. I’m 21 now and I’m so fond of all those memories. I’m so happy Felix that uploading has a sense of what it used to be for you. Keep doing you because as long your happy, so are we my friend 👊🏼
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺this is so cute
Also i just love your internet personality, which is why i love your videos. Not because of the content, but just you
I've been with you for a long time so I hope you keep going for a long time! I sure do miss the " my name is pewdiepie" but honestly I understand. So thank you bro from being my childhood I loved and now my adulthood I can enjoy!
As a long-time fan of yours, I agree with you; we've seen how your channel grows and how your experiences change your perspectives, and we can all agree that this version of you right now appears to be much happier than in previous years.  Please do what brings you joy.  (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧  You've been making us laugh and happy for a long time.  It's time for you to chill out with Marzia in Japan and enjoy life.  Upload videos whenever you want, and we "Bros" will always be here.  *Sorry for my English*
Pewds signing out , peace! Brofist
Money
It's pretty cool to think that we grew with him over the years and when his content changes with age, so is our preference. I'm the same age as Felix and I was so hyper for his radical and actioned packed videos. I now just prefer watching live style and travelling kinds which he's providing too.
I fucking love this decision you continously make
I was going to write a comment but I forgot what it was
It makes sense why i prefer this new videos more relaxed more chilled, because it's more of felix and not that super persona pewdiepie turned in to, for me i feel like this new content it's to relax and not to just be distracted, and i love it not just "empty" content if it makes sense... Much luv bro 👊🏻
Hey man we're just happy to have any content from you. I couldn't care less what form that takes. You're a likeable guy and any video you release is entertaining. As someone that would love to visit Japan some day getting to watch your Japan vlogs have been awesome. I'm glad you're sticking with YouTube and I'm glad you're doing it on your terms.
O Lubatv fez um vídeo sobre isso ontem, seu cópia. Tô te zoando, você é legal, por mais que copie. Brincadeirinha, você é legal.
I really enjoy all the type of content you make. Fun fact: the Stephano video was 10 years ago!!! Can you imagine? Hahahaha
T series Is PewDiePie Dad 😛😛♥️♥️♥️
Pewds I've watched you since I was so so young (the slenderman days) and to me your still the same old Pewdiepie that I subscribed to. I actually think you were the first YouTuber that I subscribed too. And I still love your videos, your vlogs in japan and you simply living your life is inspiring. You've inspired me to make my own channel (def not as cool as your channel but i do my thing) and Ill always be a bro. Do what makes you happy and feels fulfilling, Lots of love Felix.
As one of your younger fans (now an older fan) it feels like seeing your cool older brother grow up and settle down. Your content has been a perfect narrative of my adolescence and now as your content has matured I feel that I'm at the age where I can really relate to what you say. Atm I am torn between spending my 20s working hard to assure and easier life for my future family or really taking my time to ease up on myself and really experience these years. I am greedy and I want both. Ofcourse, my ambitions aren't as high as yours, but even if I achieve the height of my career goals I don't think I'll have as much freedom as I do now. I am terrified because I know I am in the "good old days" and don't want to sacrifice them, but I know my future is equally important. I really wish I loved what I chose for myself as much as you love YouTube.
I have been watching you on yt for a long time I think around when I was 13? And I am 22 now haha. I felt like I grew together with you as your content changed. It is nice to see you do the things you love the most. That's mainly why I enjoy watching your vids. Keep on making decisions that's good for you :)
Im really happy for you pewds, ive been watching you since i was like 6-7 years old, today im 17. youre videos have helped me go through a tough time.  from a Viking swede.
ive been a bro since i was 13, ive been through a lot of changes and so does this channel, with all those ups and down i keep on watching PewDiePie's video.  you don't know me in real life, but Felix(i hope its okay to call you by your first name),  i really wanna say thank you for having an impact in my life. didnt start reading book since you made content about it, and now im dealing with alcohol addiction and i forgot how many times i've watched "i can quit whenever honestly" even tho you deleted it i still watch while im still battling with my addiction, it motivates me.  all i want is i want to be contented with my life or what ever i have now, i wanna be as happy as you are right now.  Thank you for giving me happiness through all this years, since i was 13 and now im 23, age changes, life changes, season changes, with all those changes you still remain as my hero.
The GOAT never quits
Ily
In my opinion I don't mind the upload rate in the Japan chapter as long as i see vlog from time to time
I really love the way your channel changes. It feels more pure that way.
I really enjoy these chill video updates about whatever and whenever you feel like doing them and I hope it continues.
What about corroborate with Japanese YouTube? for example @Hikakin Many JapaneseLooking for
Hi felix maybe you never see this but I hope you never quit youtube for real, you are a inspiration for me and make me new goals.
Brother, you should just travel and immerse yourself in different cultures and experiences and vlog it.
love u pewds!
Felix... You're our father. We love you.
Pewds is Jim Carrey woke, and I love him for it.
YouTube will feel handicapped with PewDiePie... He is the Godfather of YouTube in my eyes..I love and respect his silly and genuine  personality .. His wisdom has always been valuable to me!
Pewds, could you do a travel video where you go through all the experiences and skills you learnt while traveling. I'd really love to see your opinion on the matter
He’s too deep in this shit
Post whatever you wanna post. I’m happy you’re happy and doing well. Japan looks so beautiful
Be yourself... Don't do it if you can't
<3
As a 29 year old guy who grew out of your channel years ago, i still check up from you time to time and you won life, what i mean is you worked hard earned your way, now you can enjoy life the way you want. no shame in that. Goodjob proud of you.
vlog plis heheh
It's admirable, respectable the time you've significantly prioritized for/around your family and your new country, ... yet you're still wonderful, kind, and giving enough to let us peek in every so often! 💜  I've come to absolutely adore your/y'all's vlogs around Japan... and, honestly, I cannot get over how unbelievably freaking adorable y'all front sling, back carry, push (in Maya's darling carriage... When Edgar isn't trying to sit on her), walk, and ride y'all's sweet babies, Maya and Edgar (sorry Edgar, ladies first 🥰) all over the place! I sure hope they are happy to be in Japan as much as y'all are! 💜🌟🥰💜  Much love, from Texas! Please tell the Japan fam hi from me!💜🌟💜
nice man, right on you go you on your tempo enjoy life man XD
Somethings never change...Brofist 👊😁
The Bro Fist always makes me cry
Bet :)
u still gotta keep us updated on ur life thou bro. if not like 1 or 2 times a  month would be awesome. do watever makes u happy bro
Just make videos you want to make and people are going to watch
We will always support you Felix,never quit
I personally dont want Pewdiepie to end. Love you pewds
Seeing Pewds as an Audiophile makes me smile :)
thank you for staying
No Problem Pewds, just you do you!
Somethings will never change and i love it !
I mean...what other job is the editor doing too?
We love you buddy! We love both of you haha and your pups :)
Thank you for not quitting youtube Pewds! this video means a lot to me. ive grown up with you. and i have a lot of fun with watching your video. you are a home to me. Because of you, i keep coming back to youtube.
I love you poods! I'll always watch and rewatch your content no matter what! Your videos make me so happy and help me get through the day! I'm so glad you are still here and I hope you'll be here many years from now! Keep being yourself and do what makes you happy, those typ of videos are the best!!!!!
Vlog!!!
It's crazy to think I've been watching this channel since u basically had just a thousand K subscribers, I'm still glad to be here and seeing how much u changed over the years
*Whoever reading this. Don't give up. Hustle everyday.*     I am not a bot. I just love to spread positive message.
Yep. Maturing does that :)
Can you back play videogame?
You got the freedom to do whatever you want, 100 mil subs it does not matter what you will do. The audience will always be there.
Dont go🥺
Im getting stationed in okinawa I can't wait to explore the country
Never quit. Top G
You mark and jack deserve everything u have
You do you man, whatever makes u happy!! love the content either way
Pewds, we don't watch your videos because we like a certain type of content, we watch it because we like you, seriously just upload whatever u feel like man, i've been a bro since 2012 and i'm gonna be here as long as you are. Thanks for everything and a big hug from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil!
honestly pewds, thank you for being true to yourself continuously over this past decade. that is why i feel like all of us have flocked to you because we all feel the same way in terms of wanting to do the things we love and that make us happy. im so grateful you didnt officially quit and i would love to continue to see content just like when you started which was just for fun. because those who love and adore your channel will always be here to support that and continue watching. youre a great person and i wish i could be your friend irl as i have wished for over the past decade. stay happy always!
Is that earphones tambourine 😆
kyu be lodu Pwedie Pie
and possibly bring jack
As a long time fan I just wanna say I think you were my first best friend, lemme explain a bit. I moved around a lot and never had friends for a for more then a few months. As I started watching you more and more I started to develop traits that you would share with us, I believe because I wanted to be like you. As the years went on I came outta my shell and yelling a lot like how you did in 2014. By 2016 I was making memes and saying shit like “like a boss”. As the years went one and you grew i as well did. My maturity by 2022 is so great compared to myself years ago and yes it could be because I also grew up but everyday (almost) I would watch you and for that 10 mins I was talking to you (Yes I talk to my tv). Throughout all those years I seen many friends disappear but you were always there. Nowadays with the thought of you retiring I selfishly wanna say you should never stop making videos, but all good things end right and when that day comes I’m sure all of us well accept it because you have gave me and everyone else so much love and happiness. I can’t say much else other then Thank you Felix.
at this point we would appreciate you updating us on a cool leaf you found on a walk. we love you man and whatever you decide to do, itll be sad when you do decide to stop but when you do, ill remember all the good times you brought me (and others) tthank you
pew die pie pls bring mark to japan for a week or 1 day i dont care if its in a year just think about it
Love u bro <3
Are video games really boring for you now? Jack and Markiplier still play it.
Can't Believe this man is retired
JUST REMEMBER GUYS ALL 10 YEAR OLDS EVERYWHERE WILL BE WATCHING PEWDS FOR GENERATIONS TO COME. ALSO…FLOOR GANG!! AWOO AWOO!! FLOOR GANG
I love you pewdiepie
His gaming phase was the best in my opinion
Hello help me
His secret to success is living below the means. Investing in himself first and being humble to everyone
tbh I like it more when its for fun more than for the subs and I cna see how the content changed like that
but how about sive's salary
Have fun over there!
This video feels like a finality....an ending.    So I guess thered be no better time to hop off the train. See you on the flipside pewds
Don't quit ! Never think about that again !
I think a good way to look at it is just like, youve peaked as you say in terms of fame and money and recognition, so it should feel freeing to not feel like you have to grow anymore or be expected to release videos at certain times, you can genuinely do youtube for the pure sake of releasing content you want, if you release a video and it doesnt do as well as others but it was a video you enjoyed making then the fact that it got less views doesnt really matter because it doesnt do anything for you anymore, so in that way its freeing and enjoyable :), keep doing you bra, enjoy your life and the videos you make, youve given enjoyment to legit millions of people, so enjoy some for yourself :)
I for one love the pace of this retired content, a lot of other things feel so fake or like a waste of time.
I have been watching you since I was a kid, and now that I'm a YouTuber you continue to inspire me to push past my limitations and come out the best no matter the circumstances. Thank you for all you've done as a Youtuber, you will always inspire me and many others for the rest of our lives.
Great :)
I love seeing your updates and all the Japan videos. Always good vibes!
Never quit Pewds
Whatever your vids are I'll love watching  it, i enjoy seeing you enjoying yourself making videos that you like and having fun is better than forcing yourself doing content that isn't fun for you. So don't worry about us and you do you
You've inspired me to start doing things that I want to do instead of distractions ❤️
Dude like me and u pewds
Pewds is a legend he deserves this channel
We'll always be here Pewds! Although you don't upload that often anymore, we will forever be a part of the bro army. Keep enjoying your life!
Me: Trying as hard as I can to focus on the inspiring and heartwarming stuff pewds is saying  Pewds: MiC bOnK
I appreciate that you keep making videos. Not always about growing, it's a community that's built here. We'll be happy to support as long as you decide to stay! 🙂
i love the vlogs you do
I don’t watch pewdiepie every day or every new video and that’s ok.
the size of the headphones distracted me the whole time tbh
so glad to hear your not quitting. dont get me wrong id support you if you ever did want to but im still glad you'll be here <3
Honestly never really watched PewDiePie until he moved to Japan. Now I look forward to watching his life every week. The vibes are crisp
Thank you :)
Couldn't agree with Felix more. The older I get, the more I realize how inconsequential most of the things I stressed about were. Trying to hold on to nostalgia is never good.
You do you Pewds! Enjoy your time and sights of Japan. You have my support to the end! And have fun suffering! Until then, bro fist for the bro fist army!👊
The tambourine era isn’t dead, he’s got two on his ears!
It doesn't really matter at this point what you do. I've been watching your videos since I was a kid that couldn't afford video games and your videos made me feel like I've played all of them and never missed out on the latest games. Now that I'm a grown-ass adult, I enjoy seeing the chill lifestyle videos and whatever ventures you go on occasionally. It just feels like you are an old friend that I've grown up with and these videos just feel like a "Hey friend, this is how my life is going." Although many of us live very different lives from yours, you still do inspire me to live life better, and seeing you achieve your dream life motivates me to keep going. All the best!
Don't quit. please.   you can always blog. Take us to your adventures in Japan.. we're happy to see those places and some of us plans to go there and have a tour.
Been watching since 2013 and have always enjoyed what you post. Happy for you and keep making whatever makes you happy! 👊
grew up watching you, was able to go to your book signing, just graduated still love your content and glad to see your still here
I just KO'd my phone at the end xD be you p3wds and enjoy your new evolution stage. We'll always be here for whatever you put out
of course he can say all this when he makes over 10mil a year
dont let us limit your "freedom" o7
Thanks a lot Felix! i feel like i've grown up with you this years, and i wish you the best of all, you're my favorite person!
Love you bro 💚
गर्व से कहो हम हिंदू है 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Pewds you have done enough it's time to retire sensei
Keep doing what you want to do in good faith
Crazy after all these years you can skill kinda hear his swedish accent I think thats pretty cool
Listen to mirror by kendrick lamar it fits in perfectly wit u
Pewds, your channel has evolved so much! I think that is the way to finding purpose and happiness too. I totally agree with how different people's expectations and interests always change, so keep doing what makes you happy. I hope you do what you truly want to. Be yourself 🤗
You just do what you want, everyone, us will always like to watch them
Be like Bob Dylan. Never quit. This is your passion. You're the man. Face of YouTube. Do not leave.
You are no longer entertaining, nor funny! It's time for you to quit !!!! You are right , GOOdBYe ! 🖐
Brofist will never fade
thank you for keeping us entertained through the years felix ❤
Babe, watched you since the start, your vids, not as a stalker lol. And you do you. I was half expecting this video to say you’re quitting and I was still more happy for your decision than gutted about content. Glad you will still upload, and can’t wait to watch more of your vids and live vicariously in Japan through your channel. Cause, for me, your prop hunt videos from way back always cheer me up when I have my dark days. So I’ll always be grateful you decided to make videos instead of finishing uni ;) love from and old school bro xox
I watch this dude for almost 10 years ,i remember him talking to a Danny Devito cardboard cutout. Good times. What a journey
I just appreciate every content made by you
love you pewds, u don't owe us any explanation thank you for taking us on your journey :) While we were watching this we were saying how we love your channel now more than before. Seeing what life is like in a different country is just cool to see. Ultimately just so happy for you guys whatever you do from here :)
PREACHY!
I've been watching you & Marzia's channel (miss her!) since 2012. And out of all those years watching you and growing up as a person "together", I definitely enjoy your content now more than ever. Because you genuinely seems very happy and relaxed! And I'm here for it 🥺 it's also a bonus that I really love Japan since I was a kid, so watching you vlog in one of my favorite country really motivated me to save up and visit there someday 🤣
Join  islam
I'm sure that your audience grow with you, I enjoyed your contents then, I'm still really enjoying your contents now even though they are really different. It's a character development !! So keep doing videos you like and have fun with it !
i’m so glad he’s still here
that ending was a nice touch, keep doing you man
Just enjoy touching grass, we'll be fine.
keep doing you pewds
So happy you have peaked 😌🤧😊
Just relax and enjoy Japan, enjoy your life. We’re incredibly thankful for all these years of content, we’ll always watch as long as you make videos and even when you don’t. Just do what you want to do, much love king
🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
This will probably get lost in the void, but just in case it also speaks to some other Pewdie-parents out there I want to share! My husband and I started watching you when we were dating in college - 2010?? I bought your “Bro-Fist” Tshirt and wore it proudly! Now two kids later, I’ve converted your Bro-shirt into a onesie that both my kids have worn and outgrown (mind blown), you’ve been there for us no matter what you were doing to be your absolute ridiculous self, giving your all to your people and the world, to make it a happier place, to share a little bit of laughter or shared jump-scared. My husband and I are almost 35 in a few days/week. It’s crazy to think how much of our life you’ve been present. We don’t get much time for TV or YouTube, but after bed we always ask “Did you see Pewd’s latest upload?” And we have a moment together on the sofa, watching you share your life, humor, and latest hobby before we crash for the night and get lost in the past. Thank you for still sharing, despite “retirement” from that “YouTube life” and for just being here for the Bro’s! We are always here for you!
Pls go back to gaming
You defined a Era on the internet and inspired a whole new generation Pewds. After taking the T-Series endgame boss head on Now you're In the post game. Enjoy it -me a once 9 year old now 21yr old fan
Doesn't he need to keep making videos (i.e. having a steady income) in order to continue living in Japan? I thought he mentioned something like that before he moved there as one of the criteria he needed to meet or something 🤔
Brofist forever
I understand he is talking about very important stuff, but I cannot get over the disproportionate head-to-headphone ratio with the headphones he is wearing.
You have your headphone cable backwards,  red = right ear
Can you make videos on gaming in Japan
Looking forward to watching pewdiepie videos at 90 years old
ma man, if you upload a video taking a shit ill watch that gladly, i did use to want back pew news but i think it isnt the content what i enjoy, its the things that u are willing to share w us so, its kinda like hanging out with a friend, at least i feel that way, so anything with you or the pugs its really great
Ive known ur channel for 7 years now! I found ur channel back in 2015.
quit
What will happen to Pewdiepie if he quits youtube?........ I guess we'll never know!
Pewds, I appreciate the genuine person you are, one who hasn't changed because of recognition, money, and success. Inspiration to us all and hopefully one day I can be like you: a person who has achieved their dream but doesn't stop going further.
pls don't quit we luv u (no homo)
Japan is overrated, there are better countries...but you do you dude.
That brofist... :)
:) 💛
#6 on trending in America!
Bring back BeastMaster 64 japan edition.   Thanks for the reminder on some of your greats.
we love you so much
Dude waiting for you to introduce your kids. Take long breaks and do other things, but I'd rather watch your video than read an article about what you're doing on some tabloid.
pewds you should play gta bro
We love you Pewds! ❤
Hooray for pewd’s!
Love this! People think you owe them something because you blew up. But real ones will know why you do it and will support anything you choose to do! Your right there will always be someone you will let down! BUT can't let those things tear you down!
You are such a wonderful influence and inspiration to so many people. I’m sure you know that, but you should never stop knowing that. You really are part of history, and in the very best way. You shaped so many people in so many positive ways. Thank you for everything, seriously. And I’m sure so many people can say the same thing Felix. Doing things for fun is the best thing of all, without fun there’s no point. I’d be happy seeing you happy, as you’ve made all of us so happy for so long. So thank you, so much!! :)
We’re all getting old… sigh
I want to see the return of marzia creation gunpla version 😄😁
The true fans will always support and stand by you. It has always been fun to evolve and grow with you. I want to know, when are you guys going to start a family!? That’s the pinnacle!
yes please!
I hope Felix you don't quit completely. Maybe taking a step back if thats whats needed even if not consistent every week videos but still showing up from time to time. The japan videos have been quite nice to see every now and then.
Please don't quit
When you did your summer talk in Swedish radio (BIG honor in Sweden to be asked to do) I knew i need to check this Swedish guy on You Tube  out.  The big thing then was that you blocked your commentator field - unheard of then- because of all the  low energy there-  Today when I read your commentator filed it is full of  love. Classical Greek drama, Heros journey form the dark and in to the light. You have walked your path- and the is inspiring for all to watch
Love you pewds, no homo.
BRING BACK BOOK REVIEW!!!!!
First Filthy frank then Niga Higa then Jenna  and eventually Felix    man its crazy how much time has passed honestly .  but I'm glad you are still here Felix I am SOOO grateful for everything you have put out   lots of love  <3
I love this, I always have fun watching your videos and I hope you always just focus on having fun.
Where art thou bro fist
been going through gaming week & it's been 3 years since..... bruh
from poor swede to slightly less poor swede to crazy pokemon hunter/pewds hunter/playbutton hunter? tp bridge man to dog owner and now a wise old man The Fathers story is now Complete
I miss the most recent Minecraft series with Sven and friends.. good times
w pewds
When you’re having fun then I’m having fun so please just keep having fun on YouTube !
what a ******* ******
the decrease in upload frequency really make me look forward to new videos and the change of pace is quite refreshing honestly
I would CRYYYY if he quit. I love whatever content he does, as lo g as he is happy. Well, i would respect that if he quit, if thats what he wanted to be happy
We love you soo much felix 😭😭😭😭 we want you to relax after all this years but we also didnt want you too.. you know what i mean? 😭
These youtubers are so lazy they cant even make reaction videos or meme videos..... fucking snobs life styles of the rich and the famous, always complaining
Live your life Felix. Your best life. If quitting makes you happy, quit. But if making videos till the end of time makes you happy, do it. Just do it. That’s all what matters.
Pewdiepie I sent you a photo on Insta, you need to see it man
dont quitttttt
Glad you're still around. Do what you want, we like to see you happy. You stop whenever you feel like it. Best of luck to you and the family.
Game: PewDiePie's Tuber Simulator  *h o w*
Indeed grateful that you still on YouTube. I love to watch your video so much , from  zero death... your wedding, your travelling and I hope to watch much more. By the way, thank u
make sure to keep uploading once in a while just so we know that you're still alive
I’m glad I got to watch your channel evolve the way it did. I hope you continue to prosper Felix. As I near the last ounces of hope I have that things will get better, I find solace in knowing that some people can figure it out
I'm glad you've decided to keep on doing YT. I started following your channel around 2020 and that's when I believe your content started to mellow out and you became much more mature. I remember coming tired from work and just watching you play among us(haha), but your commentary was so relaxing, not over the top excitement, but you being yourself. Ever since then I've been following you and falling in love with your content. Love you no matter what, keep on doing what you love pewds ♥
Y'all better let pewds evolve, mans IS the content and i appreciate whatever he may choose to share on this platform.
Bro's for life👊
We don't care why you didn't quit felix. We didn't quit on you because we love you. The manly, brotherly kinda love.
Pewds really shouldn't be sorry about choosing to go surfing! Work/life balance is so important and when he chooses himself it shows in his content which is so refreshing and wholesome to watch :)  Love seeing him "casually" enjoying his channel as an actual passion or hobby rather than giving all energy to his career. Been subscribed for almost 10 years and will keep following as long as he's happy to post :)
You do you and we love you for that <3
minecraft gogogogo
PLEASE NEVER QUIT!!!!! I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS THESE DAYS! KEEP IT UP!!!
Who am I? You'd probably never care. What you would care about though, Pewds, Is who are you?
Don't quit bro I love Ur vids
#6 on trending.
No pressure bro. Just upload when you feel like it. If ever though... 👏book👏review👏👏👏👏
LOTS of LOVE PEWDS do whatever makes you happy, supporting you always
I see you’ve been doing a lot of vlogs and because you live in japan theres this place called bunny island you should do a vid on
I wouldn’t care if u posted once every 2-3 weeks I feel like everyone here will still watch that content. Wether if it’s a vlog or a gaming video or Reddit or whatever we will be back to.
THE RING OF THE NIBELUNG !!!!
Always love the content, and i actually even like going back to old videos because i loved how you never took anything seriously and just liked to tell jokes and be goofy. The meaningful content is great and so is the distraction content, sometimes we all need a distraction but we also love seeing who you truly are as well. Point is, all your content is great.
Upload however you see fit we will all be here chilling insha'Allah.
I appreciate you making this video about how you're personally feeling. Let's me as your viewer know and understand so I can appreciate your content that much more :). Been a fan of yours since 2013 and will continue to love and support you <3. Glad you're having fun again making your content. Do what makes you happy.
Goofy ah headphones
This video made me tear up a bit. You have grown so much, and you are such a great role model. The best videos are the ones you are passionate about!
New member from🇰🇭🇰🇭🇰🇭🇰🇭🥰🥰
I know you'll probably won't return to gaming anytime soon but I hope you do one day. Either way, I've really been enjoying these comfy vlogs ever since you moved to Japan!
I personally love the Japan blogs and you and Marzia seem to really enjoy doing them so keep that coming.
You have and will always leave an impact on my life and THANKUOU FELIX for making that possible ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I love you
I absolutely love this very genuine and real content. Keep it up!
👊🏽 Fist bump to you, genuinely one of the OGs of YouTube. I like the more "mature" content and videos for the fun of it. Keep livin ya best life maane
Absolutely loving the Japan chapter. It even beats the Beast Master 64 arc. Keep growing keep kicking butt. It’s been a honor to see the channel  change and grow over the years. Keep being yourself & the fans will be here for the amazing ride.
Po
I love your Japan videos too. I appreciate your growth in different interest as you grow as a person. I was surprised to still see you continuing the channel, I am happy you are still on and many other people are. That is healthy doing the things you enjoy rather than the other way around.  Even if you did YouTube as a grandpa we would still watch your channel, funny to grow with your audience! I started a YouTube channel because I got inspired by you ☺.
This is unacceptable! It's unacceptable that you feel you needed to explain your choices to us. There will always be people who are disappointed with your choices, that is not something that is exclusive to you, we all deal with it. But a lot of us have been with you since the early days, and will continue to do so. I grew up with your channel, started watching in 2011 when i was in high school. Now i have a daughter, a fiance and a 9-5 that i dread, but when you do happen to upload a video, it still brings a smile to me after a long day. So Just keep doing you, in the end that is what will make the most people happy. You happy = we happy. ✌
Bro just start a new Minecraft play through 👍
Why do I look at this and think it's a deepfake
I have been  watching your videos since amnesia. Through hard times and great times. Create whatever makes you happy and I'll keep watching. You are an inspiration to me and millions of others!
IN CONCLUSION, (for the people who didn't understand anything he meant) he is basically Retiring from content creating (creating content to target interest) and is turning to simple vlogging (his life and passion and why he started YouTube in the first place).
You should go play some japanese airsoft. Thqt sheit looks awesome
I am immeasurable happy for you. I love seeing find their peace.
Plz do another book review
Japan is starting to shape you into a different person. The effect is imminent! You are now a 先生!
I still brofist my screen I've been watching for 10 years wow didn't realize it's been that long 😳
Elephant him self. Let's keep uploading 🇬🇭🇬🇭🇬🇭🇬🇭🇬🇭 you can still go far
Havent always been a fan and nowadays I dont always watch every video. I just like Felix in general, down to earth, relaxed  and just enjoying life. Glad he got to a point when theres so urge to create something, even when you lack the idea of a video.
You do you girl !
i feel like your content now is so much more authentic now and we can truly see who you are. i feel like we’ve all grown up together and it’s truly an honor for you to share your life with us. i’ll be here until you leave 💙
you are one of inspiration for many to fight for their dream, including me keep do your things and stays a bit longer *put bro fist emoji here*
You know shits real when the bro fist is out 👊 💯🙌🏼
You made content we all love even if the new stuff isn’t what we would like to see at times or just not interested BUT you can bet your ass I’d binge watch all your old horror videos for hours on end.. the new stuff is just your life update and it’s still awesome man! Been following you before you even showed your face and I gotta say you still been my number 1 YouTuber. Ain’t no party like a pewdiepie party
thank the god
Sive stressing out while editing
Pewds you are the best, I've seen you since I was 10 years old, now I am 20 and man you have been with me in very dificult times and honestly I love if you keep going for ever but I know that's youst a beatiful dream. So I enjoy the things that you still do and seing you in this new phace is the fuckig best. We Love You Man, me and my fellow nighteen years old.
Man love him to death, but he has explained this to us a million times! 😂
You are cool.
I might scrutinize Felix for his branching nihilism or his shallowly thought choices but I still like him as a dude. Just get rid of the glasses 😆 they look stupid af dude I'm sorry.
I have never heard of you. Felix? OK. Surf Japan. Makes sense to me.
Been a very long time sub. I really enjoy seeing you on this platform still Felix. We all appreciate these videos no matter what bro
i love old pewds and all but I'm not gonna cap if you were the same i would not be here xD evolving pewds is the best pewds
amazing👍
Thank you for still posting in your retirement! I appreciate your videos so much!
Best of luck bro. Controversy brought you to me, and supporting you since 2017. No matter what happened you will still be the best YouTuber of all-time. Thanks for everything ❤️.
Man, we really lucked out having this man as one of the top creators on this channel. After everything he's gone through, it's heartening to see him be able to keep his ego in check and still be humble. Mad respect
Japan arc is amazing
I'm sorry I don't watch your content but I will always love you as a person I respect you and you've been an awesome entertainer. Since I was a kid I've been watching you and I'm so proud you've made it this far.  Then again I know theres a 98% chance you won't see this. But I appreciate all the work you've done
Consider quitting soon. You have blood on your hands from the mass shooting in New Zealand. The shooter was inspired by you.
You’re the best Felix!
at 4550 videos can be the perfect time :P
Head phones...epicness
I really enjoy your progress as a creator and a person. I would prefer you 100x more than you back a decade ago. Sure, I was a kid and laughed at the stuff you did but you matured past that and you are living your best life. I respect that, bro. Also, the way you are now it feels like we are reacting or listening to someone more human than most people on the platform.
You do you bro👌
Been watching since the Amnesia days. Have loved watching you grow up and mature as I have. I really resonate with a lot of what you say. Thank you
You're the good guys pewds, we love ya. Keeps doing you man, that's what it's all about after all.
im so happy for you pewds! <3
just wanted to say thanks for being yourself and making the videos you want to make doing youtube for fun instead of numbers is the best way in my opinion have a nice day bro😀👍
Yo, don't quit quit I want to see whatever you got, don't really care what it is I'm watching Felix now, not Pewdiepie
You do you Pikachu.  Been with your channel a long time and I'm excited to see where it goes from here.
Please don't quit! I have been really enjoying your videos since you've  move to Japan. Your videos are so  interesting. Its really nice to see your new life in Japan. Soooooo wholesome and fascinating. Please continue being awesome!
feels like pewd's frontal lobe now fully developed
Whenever you make content.. I'll be there!
Please dont quit pewds!! you practically raised me and still bring me so much comfort
Thanks for sharing us all these things. It's crazy how I'm 18 when I found you and now I'm 29. I grew up watching your content, matured almost the same time as you, got influenced with your reading, gaming, and working out. You're a monument in YouTube and this level of engagement you get with the people is because you've been open and genuine with your thoughts. We'll always be here, up until the last. Arigatou, Felix-san. Brofist.
I like the tree log headphones
I think we can all agree that the crazy ‘character’ videos were so fun and a staple in YouTube history but it’s so refreshing to watch your content now of simply the things you’re experiencing and enjoying on a more personal level. You’ve matured so much and so has your channel and I think that the people who have been by your side through all the different eras can see how light and positive this new pace has been.
Ggs
Been watching your videos for YEARS.    I look forward to watching your videos when you post  and I don't care what kind of content you make in the future😊 I'll still be here lol 🤜🤛
Please don’t quit…you inspire me and I got into YouTube because of you…
You are the best :)
Just quit already.
Keep being you😙❤️
you speak very well, very lucid
Sub to The.MTB_goat
its like a racecar. after perfecting everything about your car it gets to the point that your no longer hitting those big milestones. like after achieving so much theres little left to improve and make gains fso it goes from being something fun and enjoyable to a chore. i feel it man. do you baby i wanna see you live out your happiest fantasies. you've worked hard and achieve quite a bit so go revel in it. love ya pewds
Poods, We're always here just do what you love to do! It makes our day no matter what!
We will always grow old with your content no matter what you put out. I am atleast very glad your not quitting
I never bro fisted my screen so hard
The Japan saga is my favourite season so far mate. You’ve made your dream a reality. Congratulations and look forward to the future. Thanks for sharing
haven’t gotten a bro fist in sooo long 😊
Tom Brady of YouTube
Minecraft please back
been a long time!! I still remember watching your stuff on my lunch breaks at work!! Thanks for the great content over all these years Felix,  enjoyed listening to the reflection on everything! Stay Happy!!
Dont worry about us. Just keep doing what you love doing cause we will always love you and love watching for your videos.
Without you, YouTube would be extremely empty. You’re of of the og’s who’s stayed consistent and has continued to teach others and help them grow as you go through your own life changing experiences. To not keep up with you guys and know what’s going on would just feel wrong to me. I’ve grown up with you and Marzia and you’ve given me a lot of memories. Thanks for everything you do Felix ❤️
Felix was there for me when I was in an extremely toxic friend group. Watching this channel helped me in so many ways. I'm glad he's doing what he wants to and not what people expect of him. God bless.
Please upload a minecraft video
Put out whatever you want, whenever you want, man. You're honestly a modern legend, a pioneer of sorts, and definitely an OG to all of us that have enjoyed the internet over the past 10 or so years.
there's nothing wrong about changing content, as long as you're having fun making them im pretty sure the audience will have fun too. as much as i love pewnews and meme review we can leave that as nostalgia now.
I’ve been watching you since I was in 4th grade - I am a freshman in college, honestly felt like I’ve known u my whole life , it’s been an awesome ride man( my mom banned me from watching you back in the day cause you cursed a lot, but I snuck in your videos every chance I got
I was carefully listening... until I noticed the headset. Gosh it's ugly!
I'm glad youtubers are striving to try to keep the fun of uploading on Youtube. I think you're especially in the prime of your life where you can relax and just feel genuinely happy living in Japan.
Understandable, have a great day.
I barely paid attention to any of this, too distracted by those headphones. I’m like, I love those headphones.
It’s been almost 10 years since I first watched your videos and I always be supportive, love you pews, stay awesome.
Why is this making me tear up. Thank you Pewds for allowing people like me to grow up with you. I started watching when I was 18, now I'm 28 and I feel like we both matured and I still enjoy your uploads. I'm so happy you got to a point in your life where you're happy. You've been a friend to a lot of people without even knowing them. But it meant the world to a lot of us.
Just do you bro you deserve it
season 2
I rate this video 9 out of 10 crunky
some things never change
Gaming month please
All we asked for was a last fiverr video! ;)
I'm speaking for myself when I say this but at every point in the years I've been with this channel it's never disappointed, even the cringy and edgy moments in time, they've all been wonderful and I hope you continue to share with us whenever you feel necessary Felix. From a long time fan, thank you for all the great memories and more to come! (p.s. I've really loved the Japan vlogs! They've been so fascinating and beautiful :) )
I still watch your channel and I enjoy that you're slowly transitioning to videos about your life in Japan with Marzia. Keep doing what you're doing. Those troll comments are jealous because they won't ever reach 111m subscribers and they will never achieve what you've accomplished on this platform. Sad little shits haha.
You do you m8
he basically beat the game that's called YouTube and now he chilling and doing a side quests😊
❤️
one of the best thing about dude is that he never credit for himself when he achives something he always respect us the audience and his team and he is polite in all his videos....we congrats ourselves on his achievements more to come.💚💚
More Vlogs and book philosophy videos
Keep it up enjoy Japan
love the japan vlog videos pewds
I can't believe, I've followed Pewds for almost 7 years already
we got you, man!
Man.. That bro fist.. Been awhile since i saw it. Really miss the golden days
Pewds, do whatever you want you have done enough and more, love u man
Meme gamer pewds transforms into male role model pewds. I am here for it.
pewdiepie has completely lost his swedish accent and is now fully american
do what you feel is right i think you should keep us updated with a video or 2 every so often but do it at your own pace
never quit
thank you for inspiring me to finally make the leap!
Hey! I give a shit about pew news…
just do what makes you happy man
thanks for being clear and open to telling us these things pewds, to be honest i've always had fun just watching you have fun yourself, no matter what the context or content is. we've sticked with you all along, but we do have to thank you for sticking with us too. i hope whatever content you're currently releasing truly does make you happy and glad to be able to share a piece of your day with someone else. we'll always stick here, however long the journey is. we love you pewds :)
Yes.
You do you bro! I will always be a fan no matter what your doing!!!
i love u pewd
indeed it was a fken ride during the time when barrels was a thing i had a great memories in my youth ty pewds now im 28 still watching you. brofist
Love you Pewds
When Pewdiepie saying he isn't quitting YouTube Me: 🥳👏💃🍰🎂
Keep us updated on your surfing ark please!
I'm so inspired to be a better person and grow because of Felix. Thanks Felix, for being one of the best influences in our lives.
Would be great to see a video on Japanese cars and have Felix give his opinion on them.
I really like your videos no matter what you do at this point I would just miss you if you stop
You should write a new book! I would buy it in a heart beat!!! You have so much wisdom that I know for a fact a new book from you would be amazing!
Your videos are therapeutic bro 👊🏽
pewds is my man crush
私は応援してます🥳
I know this comment will get buried, but in the off chance you do read it, I just want to say I'm so proud of you. I've been following your channel for a long time, almost since the beginning, and I've seen you grow both as a creator, and as a person. The road wasn't and easy one, and sometimes it was hard to watch, but it seems like you have come full circle and it feels so good to see you coming back into your own. You did good champ.
So many hours of videos I've watched and thinking about you leaving breaks my heart. We all grow and I'm so glad I had you as an influence while learning how to become an adult
Should still quit.
0 iq guys ;)
Much love. 👊
Delete this channel and start a new one doing whatever you like that way you can start fresh
I’m honestly so happy you’re still around and doing the channel how you want but if you do ever just wanna let go of indefinitely I’d definitely still be subbed lol
welcome back!!!!!! 😭😭😭😭😭
Pewds when will you quit youtube?   just joking, we are happy to see you come back every time
I can't speak for everyone but I enjoy you content more than I ever used to. It's more fun now than it used to be. Still at the end of the day if you quit, it might take away the time I spend watching YouTube, but I will respect your decision.
I would like a series of happy wheels
10年以上頑張ってくれたから休んだほうがいいんですよ！楽で生活楽しなさい
everyone is a youtuber now. too many people now so good luck trying to be the next one that makes it. most people do it for the wrong reason they don't wanna work a real job and make money. ive watched YouTube since the beginning 2005. they used to make videos cause they enjoyed it now its all just lame
what an awesome video
Hey Pewds I've been watching your videos for years now (Even before Happy Wheels!) it was a great ride, I hope you enjoy your life best of luck. Good on you for this! Be happy! Take care my man.
You Your Money 100000000 Mr BEST 100000 You Close Your Chennal Now Your Channel Like Guys Don't Likes Your Video Channel Mr Best Money You YouTube Did You Real Live YouTube Sad Money You're 100000 Ok I,m Sorry My Mouth Day 15 My Tongue Dog XD
He don't deserve 111m subcribers
Please don't quit filming Japan
Felix—I am 36 years old now, am married and have a beautiful son who is 6 years old. I watch some of your Minecraft videos with him, and he loves them so much!   We make Jokes about Sven, and Bffft (the bee), and he now builds the Swedish flag in his own Minecraft world. He even watches your vlogs with me and is riveted by everything he’s watched you do in your videos.   I watch your videos because I know you are a genuine person. You are a good person, and on top of that you are very entertaining! This comment will probably get lost and not be read by you—but on the off chance you see it, I just hope you will follow where your heart is leading you. (And the same goes for your beautiful wife!)  Just keep being you and doing what brings you the most joy! Because that joy is infectious! Much love to you and your family!
Happy for you man. Glad we got to see your channel and you grow and that we'll still know that you're around. Good shit.
Whatever your decision, we will support it. Fistbump!
ok, that's a deeep vid. but i appreciate it.
I may have came for the games as a teenager, but I stay for the slice of life content as an adult ❤️. You'll always be top tier for me, bro.
Good on you Pewds. Seeing you relax and enjoy yourself is what we’ve missed for awhile now. You’ve made it. Let the younger and hungrier youtubers take the throne (aka Mr. Beast). You just do you and we’ll still be here watching you do you until you finally decide to move on (or not)
Even though we will always miss pew news, YLYL or any other content we just love watching you as you are pewds. Thank you for still being here.
For many of us you were a part of our childhood and for many of us (myself included) you helped us through rough times in our lives. I think we can all agree we would prefer you make the content you enjoy and stay with us rather than make what we want and end up quitting. In the end this is a job and you deserve to enjoy life away from work even if you love your job. I for one have been loving your recent content, thanks pewds stay awesome.
You have had the crown for long enough no reason to not hand it over to someone else and become like this wise old elder of YouTube Lol❤️Do your thing and always
Even if you have enough money and done everything you still need to do something with your life  So people stop that he can do whatever he wants  If you want him to quit just unsubscribe and pretend that you did that
Damn, first pewds video I've watched fully in like years, even though I've been subbed for at least a decade and a half now. While I still prefer an older style of video with mainly just pure gameplay with no censorship that doesn't cater to kids, I get that people mature and change.
Man Felix, you genuinely changed my life by inspring me into content creation, I've been able to be a full time creator for a few years now because of you. I could listen to you just chat away about life forever, a podcast would be something a lot of us would really enjoy! I know it's sort of cringe to bring a podcast back, but maybe even if it's just a seperate channel to talk about random topics..etc. I think it'd be great! Luv ya!
u never changed, u matured. family comes first as always felix
Just change the channel to   "pewds toy review" !
The Tom Brady of YouTube
Don't stop .. !!
I’m so proud of you Felix. I’d much rather you post videos at your own pace, on whatever subject. Rather than being under so much pressure to get so many videos out. I’m so glad to see you happier.
You should do some more Minecraft
I've grown up with you practically. Since I saw you back in 2012 or 2013 when I was 12-13, I've been watching ever since. Every single video has been a pleasure to view. From Amnesia, to happy wheels, to games with Ken and all the in-between like vlogs, food reviews, Q&a's. I've been here the whole ride and I don't think I'll ever leave.. still love the content, like wholeheartedly honestly. Anything and everything from you Felix I will cherish for the rest of me days. Love you man, Mega brofist from a fan from Wisconsin ❤️❤️
DON'T LEAVE US PEWDS!!! I LOVE ALL YOUR CONTENT!!
Just do what you want to do and what what you always wanted and if people don’t like it  Make them🙂
Mahalo my dude
Love you man, I have had 10 solid years of content from you and I am so thankful for every second. I have always been happy with what you post and just hope you keep us updated broski
shit i am old
Never quit pewds. I you quit I would cry but I would also understand why you did so. You are my childhood. Thank you.
Must have weighed in the lifestyle he's accustomed to and how many years he can sustain it at his age if he were to quit. Sure he'll get deals and ad revenue but he would fade away as many people pump out new stuff all the time.
Making videos about whatever you want at your own pace makes Youtube much more fun rather than feeling pressured to upload at a specific schedule. Keep doing you!
Please dont quit, I will still search for your channel and see if any have new updates daily.
It would be insane if you would start a weekly/monthly creator corner type of video series where once a week/month another creator (probably smaller ones) who have earned the attention of Sive or you or the community get to be feature in a video or just straight up upload one of their videos onto the channel as a way to kick-start their dream career...I know you did something similar a while ago and it back fired, but some filters and it could be avoided, the idea is extremely awesome of you to do
Love you
I have genuinely appreciated all of your videos, transparency, honesty, and insight since "retiring" and hope to continue to hear from you in the future! You're an inspiration.
We're growing older with you Felix. Cringe but hey, that's love man.
Supporting you always 💕
Pls always be here
Bebe when?
I honestly just enjoy watching you. Whatever you are doing. Thanks for not quitting. 👍
Pewds, Felix, I’ve been watching your videos since 2011, at 14. I’m now 25 years old. You’ve pretty much always been a part of my life. I have really good memories of me and my two older brothers gathered around the family computer laughing so hard at your videos, and talking about them to my friends at school. I feel so incredibly proud to see how much you’ve grown in the past ten or so years. I’ve grown away from youtube in the past few years but always come back to see how you’re doing. Thank you for being there throughout the years and a huge part of me and my brothers lives growing up. We still talk and laugh about those videos of way back when. With love, BROFIST ❤️
So happy that your hard work has paid off! We love the Japan Vlogs and we’re so happy to support you in your happy journey <3
Ok cool but, what headphones are those?
No don’t quit… you have been a big part of my life..making me laugh.think. Not being selfish but you are SO WONDERFUL.. maybe you have impact on someone now like you did on me 10 years ago..Love you Felix always 🥳🥳🥳😍😍😀😀
He looks happy. 😊😊 sana all 😁
just watched a video from Sammit. And he said he would like to take you drifting, now that you are in Japan so you can experience it.
Don't quit I found your channel during the mr beast sub to pewdiepie saga and obviously I had heard of you before that but that's when I started watching and I really enjoy the content. Keep it up! Thanks.
I miss the gamer pewdiepie way back in 2015, but there is no doubt that he is a better man today and he genuinely enjoys being in japan and doing his thing, I'm so happy for him and Marzia. Thank you for 10 years pewds.
I'm thoroughly enjoying the channel as it is now! I am so happy to watch little slice of life videos in Japan :)
You’re still the GOAT Felix 👊🏻
Love u
more japan vlogs let’s gooo boys
this makes me feel old...
One piece
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.   /,,,,,,,,,,,,,,., /., /., /.,/.,/.........
Raaaaaaaaaah 😈
Just quit and make babies! Youtube is dying
Okay… love this update video, but I cannot not comment on that headset. Pewds- why yo headset giant?! 😂 it’s amazing!!!
every now and then i check up on pewds and his channel and every single time i visit, he never fail to make me smile. they aged like fine wine and still as grounded as ever.
Love you Felix
Pewds stays valid
Honestly, I love that your content has continued to evolve. In a sense, I evolved with it. Let's Plays were cool, Pew News was cool, Meme Review was cool. But right now, your videos of exploring Japan and whatnot are fantastic. I really want to visit Japan and see the sites and experiences myself. Keep doing you, Felix.
Honestly you could just upload a video of you reading or studying and we’d all be here just like 😌👍🏻
We love you Pewds!!! I have grown up watching your videos and they always manage to put a smile on my face. I hope you never stop uploading vids.
Thanks Felix👊
I always bro fist the screen even when you dont  <3 U pews , Do what makes you happy.
I remember when I first started watching your videos. It was back when you did that series on Bully, Back like 10 years ago. It's crazy to see how far you come and how much you've grown. Im glad to see you doing things that make you happy and do what you want to do. Brofist 👊
Been watching you since 2012..it will be a sad day when he's done
Really love Japan vlogs Felix! thanks for sharing that with us, that can't visit Japan right now.
hey man I've been watching you since 2016. And all the changes that you has been going through I think this is the best one so far and keep doing this style of videos I really do love it.
It's so surreal to realize i found your channel when I was 11, now im 22. Growing up, though i haven't really watched you that much because back then, no internet or a device to watch YouTube, but when I really do, i tend to binge watch what i missed and what's new. Thank you for everything up to this point, Pewds.
We are so old
Your videos are great. Don’t know what else to say. I really hope you continue making them as long as you keep having fun.
I've been enjoying the direction the channel has been going. Whatever you decide to do, I'll be here. In the small chance that you do see this, maybe some vlogs checking out some of the amazing natural beauty of Japan? My brother lives in Japan and took me to Mototaki Waterfall. It was amazing! The whole area was surrounded by majestic mountains and evergreen forests.
I really hope you don’t quit, you made my childhood. I will still understand if you do, I really like the blogs. They are fun.
Genuinely, I feel like what would help both Felix and his content just overall would be him playing or hanging out with more of his friends, like Jack, mark, and ken, it would just be fun to see them interact with each other again and just have fun
How about just continue for the money? Not for yourself (although the self-gratification is) but for others - your great-grandkids or to give back? Although if you stay online, "they'll" destroy you one day for sure. They can silence a sitting President after all.
Honestly, your content has always peaked when you're doing it for fun, or simply doing what you enjoy. I hope it stays like that forever. I feel like we've been growing and evolving with you, and that's why we continue to enjoy your content.
Honestly, I've been enjoying these new videos a lot more, just cause I can tell you are a lot happier with what you are making. I started watching years ago when you had just started with Amnesia, and at some point had sort of dropped off. But now after the move to Japan, I've started watching again, and this chilled out vibe that you've got now is just nice. Super relaxed uploads, and making what you want for yourself is always good to see. <3
You still make some of the best content in this platform. Your huge elden ring video is one of the best you’ve ever done imo. Keep going if it makes you happy man.
There's something about seeing a creator you grew up watching as a kid grow and mature with you that's really enheartening. While I haven't been here for the whole ride, I hope you continue doing what makes you happy. Have a good one.
I am still waiting for this channel to permanently become a book review channel
I thought I loved pewds during his 2020 phase, but now, him being genuinely happy makes me happy
You gotta quit quitting the quitting attitude! It does not help you quit the quitting☝️
@PewDiePie You should just talk about bladee from now on
Can you think again abaout quiting youtube?   Your numbers of views didnt grow. 2-3 millons for 110m channel? cmon. new talents on youtube with a lot less subcribers do more views. may be you to old for youtube now?
I’m just waiting for more. I love pewds, you’re still a duck :)
Your a legend man! Thank you for all your contributions to the community, it wouldn't be the same without you!
I m sorry but does anyone know what headphones he's using looks like some hardcore audiophile gear
We love you and appreciate you for still posting!
الشيء الجميل في هده الحياة هو أن تجد عائلة تحبك وتعتني بك وتعطيهم الحب حتى انت .تبادلهم الحب والاهتمام .الحياة قصيرة لنجعلها سلام ومحبة بيننا دائما
I hope you don't retire from YouTube. You have really amazing videos on your channel.
I'm glad I grew up with this channel, this wonderful community and the man himself, Felix. It's been heck of a run from taking on barrels to taking on governments or the mass media or platforms or the inner selves of every individual, this community has always been together. We laughed together, played together and above all grew up together. With every up and down just like how Felix grew up to be a better version of himself, we/I too came to know how to be a better person myself. For that I sincerely thank you, Felix. Thanks for all those wonderful times, thanks for helping me grow up, although we didn't know each other, your content helped me to be the "me" today. I don't know how it's possible but perhaps it's the small things that leave the biggest impacts.  And tbh, I expected this ride to be over way earlier. I thought he'd quit years ago and just like every good thing, this journey of joy will also come to an end. And even if he continued there was no assurance that I'd continue to watch his videos given that people change. But that's the thing, he's still here and I'm too. Cause just like me, he too grew up along with his contents. To many people, their childhood hero/idol doesn't retain the title years after they grow up but in my case the guy I admired as a kid is still one of the guys I admire as a person the most.   Now this channel is at a phase which I can relate to as a person the most, the laid back atmosphere, the random videos, everything just exudes serenity. But I still know that this too will surely come to an end. And I know for sure that I won't be upset then cause I know how to cherish every moment of my life and so I'm cherishing every moment with this channel as well. So, finally when the time comes, I hope he and I, we're both at a better place at life where we're both comfortable in our respective places.  So, again thanks, Felix. Thanks for everything.
we'll always support <3
Don't you ever quit youtube
I have been here for a long time and seen all the changes throughout the years. The drama comes and goes but seeing you so happy in Japan and the vlogs are beautiful. I love how you share the good and bad things that happen, please enjoy and share with us what you want. Take care and have fun exploring Japan 🫰🏻
💪💪💪💪
It’s nice to be here, thank you Pewds
Pewds your still young you should still keep it going
No problem, man. When I started my channel in 2008, I never expected it to go anywhere, and guess what, it never did. What matters is that we all go where the spirit moves us. We lose interest in things and gain interest in new ones.   Hope some of those books in the background of that video get reviewed, but if not, s'cool. Thanks for the years of content.
I would 100% miss you if you ever quit but I would always support you no matter what.
So glad you didn't quit! Watching your videos with my boyfriend is one of my favorite things to do.  I also came here hoping you might see my comment suggesting an anime I just came across. It's incredibly wholesome: Kotaro Lives Alone.
you've grown so much wiser and i'm glad you're back on track.
my brother your headphones are enormous
What about anime videos that’s a fun idea
Never quit. Your a youtuber with over 100 million subscribers. You have great content. Can you ❤️ this comment?
I love your lwiay series, your reddit reviews, and now your japan vlogs. You're the reason why i keep watching whether you roasting someone or you're just talking certain topics for 15 mins. You radiate good energy and it's comforting watching you. So don't be pressured about the numbers or the content. As long as you love what you're creating, we're gonna love it 💯
Man i am in a really bad time in my life, anxiety, problems with my family, and other things, i always look up to you, cause you decide to follow your dreams, you are just such a good guy, that didn't have to be like to much of a character or have to put a lot of money in a video to be relatable and funny, you do what you love and be yourself, do what you do for the fun you know, thats important, always to reminder one self to do what you love not for money or fame but for the fun and joy of doing it and in the process being an example to other people and help them not to think of the problems and heavy stuff.
Seeing you and Martzia live this peaceful life in Japan is something I think many of us enjoy! It's like we watched an anime about some protagonist and then instead of there being a bittersweet unexpected ending, there continues to be another episode. Another chapter. I personally find it comforting to watch you both live quietly in Japan. It gives me a sense of hope to live like this one day.
Play apex legends
Been here since 2011 or 2012. The first video I watched was the dinosaur in the trench WW1 game. Watched you this entire time. Whatever you want to do I will support you.
Your Japan vlogs are amazing. So nice to just see a normal person being happy
As long as you still enjoy it - do it!
Man watching Felix become a man is made me cry
I really enjoy your content still, live your best life Felix❤️ i’m really happy for you and you deserve all the good stuff you have earned🥰
Pewds, out of all the videos you've published, these past few videos have really affected me. It was already in my head that I need to enjoy life more, to care less about money if I had the means to do so. You're not the reason why I started to enjoy life more, but you were one big magnet pulling me into that direction. Thank you so much
We love you felix  I've always respected you immensely for your kindness and giving us all so much entertainment  I think we're all happy you still find joy and fun in sharing vids with us all
you were the first ever to do it man !
You do you boo..!
Fuck I love this guy
Pewds, you do you and put up whatever content you want. True fans will stick around just to see how you're doing and to enjoy you doing stuff you love! Keep doing what you're doing, we'll all be here. 💙💛👊
I’m glad the real pewds is back, I honestly hated the channel during the t series time with the meme review and beard and blonde hair and the spray pain backround, we all know that wasn’t the real you, I’m glad your back. you where honestly one of the biggest influences in my child hood and now as I’m about to be an adult and move to college next year I get enjoy the real Pewdiepie again
Keep going, watching you feels like home. Thank you for keeping yourself going. I was in school when I get to know you now I'm literally a postgraduate student, coming every now and then to check up on you. Your channel feels homey
Love you pewds!!
Live your best life man.
Thank you for your time
That was sweet and heartwarming :)
Back then when my first start was yur Pico reaction vid. You dragged me to the danger zone before actually touch true Anime knowledge(I cracked and laughed hard almost choke on my water). Anyways, keep up, still have an eye on yur updates, luv what yur doin and hope you and Marzia have gud time in JP(become true Nihonjin and be Nihongo jouzu)
Those headphones probably cost more then my car
Felix, thanks so much for sharing your thoughts on this! I'm glad you didn't quit, as I'm sure many are. You mean so much to so many people, and I know those that really care will understand when you do finally decide to leave the platform, but for the time being I love seeing what you are still doing and enjoy watching every single video you upload! It's been such an adventure watching you grow over the years! I hope to keep watching you for many more! O-genki de!
do what makes you happy till it dont then do whatever, you have made tons of people laugh, me included, do your thing dont regret shit, be awesome
Sort but Mrbeast is gonna has more followers than you like in 1,5 month
Ngl, I still remember your video about the illuminati, and that other video where you said something about us blinking once to seal a deal. Just a random thought.
Please keep upload your video because I love it.
you the boss of youtube man
It’s so weird to try and wrap my head around if you DID ever stop. I’ve been watching for so long can’t imagine not seeing weekly pewdiepie, I even named my cat Felix haha
Lokey fw ur vlogs tho lol
Wow
Hey Pewds (or anyone with experience in the topic) do you have any advice for someone wanting to move to Japan, or what to consider when trying to decide whether or not to move?
Jus do u bro lol frfr u good lol
You are a legend pewds hope you see this💛🙏🏽
he didn't quit he's just having a break (not hard to understand)?
👊
weightlifting changed this man’s perspective. love grown up pewds ❤️
I for one, have really been enjoying your “retirement.” I think a lot of your audience has grown up, I’ve got kids now and I’m nearing closer to 30. You stop caring about drama and memes the way you used to. It’s been such a breathe of fresh air to see you post the content you’re interested in instead of being beholden to some algorithm.I’ve enjoyed to hearing about your prospective and I genuinely hope you have joy and fulfillment in whatever your future endeavors are.
Love you.
I started watching you from outlast and i trully enjoyed every part of your "journey" and i still am ( japan content is amazing) !! Imo you are one of those few, genuinely good celebs who are fit to be proper rolemodels! Whatever you do in your life just dont change..we need more ppl like you!! 👊
I love your videos bro! Thank you. ♥️🌻
Felix you motivated me to do YouTube and chase my dreams and just be in in the process you have helped me through a lot of hard times as well as others here I pray God willing I meet my significant other complete my dreams and then meet you in person and have a drink together and just reflect on life God bless you , your wife friends and family
we'll always be here no matter the changes felix
We love you no matter what content you give us. It is about you having fun.
As long as your name is still Felix or PewDiePie, do whatever you want and the people who love you will follow.
ur da best dude
You made a lot of people's lives better, you deserve to just enjoy your channel! Keep going, we love you PewDiePie.
Life is a wild ride.
"Keeping it real" is his middle name.
Is it true there are random beyblade battles in Japan?
Thanks for the fun adventure pewds, I hope you well.
Felix aftee shrooms🤣😍
quand ta ete dans ta phase you laugh you lose cetais lay-z af comme content. sinon ce que ta accomplis est remarquable, tu va toujours avoir ta place sur YT.
This comment will most likely be swept under the rug, but I unsubscribed around the PewNews/MemeReview saga because everything felt so forced (I don't know if that was the case, obviously) and just wasn't feeling like content but more like bloatware. This is the first video of you I've watched since around those times and it looks like you've found your groove again and the recent videos actually seem quite enjoyable. I'm happy to be resubbed for this new Japan Saga.   Wishing you all the best, thanks for brining everyone so much enjoyable content over the years.
Just do whatever is fun for you, just seeing you happy makes us happy as well
Thanks Felix! Go on an live life to the fullest.
I’m sorry I’m not watching a grown man vent to a camera I just wanna know if he’s done or not
you dont need to
Gör en bebis
I've loved watching you grow over the years pewds. Whether you quit or not, you've been a massive part of my life. Your happywheels vids will always remind me of being 14 and careless and your current vlogs will continue to inspire me moving forward. You were a goofy friend when I needed that, and now you're my role model. Keep doing you ♥️ we appreciate you so much
If you ever make a last video, it should be an amnesia one so you can meet with stephano and barrel
If you ever make a last video, it should be an amnesia one so you can meet with stephano and barrel
dont
Let’s make it to 112,000,000!!!
Good to have you here. Honestly, I've never been a big fan of this shouting content :P The more I like the direction you went, My fellow Japan culture lover ;)
From all the languages in the world you chose to speak the one of truth in this video..!!
You could always help the guy that came out with the original idea of pewdiepie vs t-series since that didn’t happen.
You and ken are my favorite...start collabing with other channels to help them come up... if you ever come to Maryland to surf HMU because I know a Godfather of surfing. His name is Bruce gabrielson. Check them out.
god i hope i will be able to do what you do someday and i wanna do the same thing but go to korea for vacation and play games for a living hehe.
I subscribed for the Japan and pug updates.  Please continue.
T series 225M OP
I've been loving all the Japan's videos, all the calm and joy that the videos transmit, just amazing :)
You fun. Me fun.
Life is good do not quit
U should do Pew News again @PewDiePie it’s been a while! There’s been so much YouTube drama lately 😂
Bro-fist for you 👊🏼. Do what ever the heck you want.
Love how after all this time, even though we don't know you personally it feels like it. We love you Felix, do what you love!!!
why headphones
Make music
I grew up with you you can leave any time and we won’t complain
Me: Smashes my monitor when brofist comes up
There's a reason why he's the favorite YouTuber for a lot of people.
To be honest, the last time I actively watched pewds was around 2015, 2016, and in between some videos in the last couple of years and still, it hit me like a train when he firstly announced, that he would leave youtube.  Even tho, I eventually stopped watching back then (as he said, as he started to change his content away from games, I switched over to some other youtubers. Not that I didn't like pewds anymore, but I'm a sucker for let's plays ^^' but it wasn't like he was letting me down or anything, I could understand that he might wanted change his content after doing a long time the same stuff) he was a big part of my childhood. Some videos of him, I still know every word of, cuz I watched them so often (pewduckpie for example). Simply because they helped me through my darkest times in life......... Long story short:  I really mean it when I say, I'm super glad that you still stick around ❤ I can't really explain why, but just knowing that you're still out there, makes me feel happy, relieved and feelin safe...  It's weird, I know but its just pure honesty ❤
I don't think you will read this, but that's ok. :) I have been watching you since 2013. I will always be grateful for the memories you gave me, and I am happy that they are continuing to be made even as your channel changes to one you are happy to have. I just wanted to say thank you.
Feels like I grew up with you, much love and thank you for all the epic moments and fun times
Bruh go and enjoy life with your wife!
Been a long time fan. You've outlasted all the other YouTubers that I started watching in 2012 when I was 12 years old. I honestly would not be mad if you retired. You've worked hard and deserve it. I wouldn't call it quitting because you've done your time on the platform and your legacy will always be YouTube at this point.
Wow, Felix hearted three comments. That's the most I've seen him heart in one video. In all seriousness though, glad you are enjoying the content you are making now. The Japan videos are very nice.😀
Brofist 👊🏻
❤️
Someone in your position can use YouTube as a hobby & i think that's a great thing for you & us. I'd much rather have a small snippet of your life or a current passion once in a while then never.
Felix, you were the first youtuber I really got into, back in 2011/2012. I was being bullied in school, unfortunately had terrible issues at home, but I could always count on seeing your videos to make me smile, laugh and forget about the bad things. I was 11 or 12 back then, I'm turning 22 next month, I'm out of that bad situation at home now. Thank you for making the bad days good, and always being there for us, as we are for you. I'm glad you're still here. 💛
Its videos like this, amongst all of your great content, that make me feel like youve really been a part of all of our lives man. Tbh I never stopped watching your channel and im glad you can enjoy putting out what is genuinely you, because that is the reason we are all here👊   P.s. This is a new account but been following since 2013. Falcon Lovers 4 life baby..
I understand how you feel I just do it for fun its pretty cool that I can share my hobby with a bunch of people. What I film is stuff I'd be doing with or without YouTube being a thing Keep having fun with it 👍
This is a really inspirational chat, not just about YouTube, but in the way it relates to the flow of life. As someone who has watched you from a younger age and is now going through a lot of the feelings you talked about having in your youth, it's really uplifting to see where you are now and hear you felt the same.   This videos really sums up careers and the struggle to find yourself and just happy without your work feeling useless or not you. I think almost everyone watching can relate to doing things you don't want to do just because it's what's expected. However it's really important to love what you do above numbers, acceptance, and sometimes guilt.   You can be successful doing anything you love to do and would be happy doing even if you're not paid. I really appreciate your intake and hope that you always keep doing YouTube, even if it's once a year, every five years or every decade. It's cool to see your journey and I hope the best for you.
im still jealous you moved to japan T_T
It always makes me happy to see that the person on top has good morals and values. I’m glad he’s with us and you can really see he genuinely cares.
What a fucking quieter
i enjoy the japan vlogs, and etc gald your not quitting.!
👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽
No more horror gameplays? :(
Ive grown up watching u pewds Im 26 now and still always love ya man
Keep touching your face. It's not distracting at all.
Don’t quit
Yis
Thanks pewdiepie started my channel cus of you wanted to make one since i was 11 im 23 now
i never watched a single of your videos until you moved to japan, tbh i used to think you were annoying. ever since the japan series i've watched every video. and i really enjoy them now. they feel so real. So as a new fan i say do whatever makes you happy man.
love u pEWds
watching the Japan vlogs makes me think about my future, about to start applying to colleges and figure out what I want to do, it's scary, but pewds also makes me excited about my future.
fight kai
As a 28 year old grown man I love this man
This is awesome but I gotta know, what headphones are those?
But if you get to One Billion you become immortal
We’re here for you Pewds❤️
HELLO ! I have been watching you for years, binge for a few months, then stop, then binge, then stop. But that is what I love most about you ! it makes me feel closer with you because that’s how friendships are, sometimes friends go a few weeks or months without talking but then once you talk it’s like you e never stopped. So don’t be worried if some people stop watching because if they’re a true bro they will come back!! Thank you for everything you do Felix. and please tell Marsia that she is beautiful and she’s the real reason why I watch you, hehe!
Never trust people's words except our families' words. Promising for a long time and yet did it again and never feel like you did any mistake in the first place. Anyway,, all I wanted to say, your Minecraft videos are the best one. Your future videos are probably going to be about the things that I am not curious or not care about.
Pewds, I dont know how to say this but seeing your face pop up on my youtube timeline is such a blessing. I've been following you since I was a little middleschooler back in 2014. You've inspired me a lot, like really, to work hard on my dream and take the risk. You will always be the legend of my childhood and I hope you the best life in Japan with Marzia!
always remember man you are the youtube goat and we love you!!!!!!!!
My hope for Pewds would be that he would upload little by little, slowly increasing the duration between uploads and eventually just stop uploading all together. Just fade out and he lives his best life with his wife in Japan. I would love to one day years down the line just have a chance meet with him somewhere in Japan and I can buy him a pint of beer and thank him for all the content throughout the years.
Can you please read the Bible it will change your life trust me 🙏
Anyone know what type of headset that is?
you make a lot from YouTube there's no reason to quite plus your content is amazing
Pewds you’ve literally been then for my whole life, I love your content back then and right now….what ever you do we would support you and hope for the best
you deserve to take a rest pewds we enjoyed your content for a long time now and i am satisfied how you made me laugh and the other people laugh i cannot insure that the others are satisfied but i can ensure you we enjoyed your content.
yaaaaay🥳keep going, Pewds, keep living your best life, you really did work hard for this! people will always judge, and that's okay. because there are always people that will support you✨thanks for sharing your emotions and thoughts with us, it helps us all grow☺
I like the stuff you are putting up, feels nice to see you experiencing life and doing what you like to do! I'm here for whatever video types you post
Goddamn his channel is the most wholesome thing ever now and that kinda sounds wuerd when I remember back to when he wasn't "all that wholesome"
Would love to see Pewdiepie grow as a surfer ngl. Surfing is my biggest physical hobby and seeing Pewds be able to find, pick and ride his own waves would be sick. There's so much to know, so many techniques to learn but that's the fun of it.
I have been here since amnesia bullshitery times so i'll watch where this'll end.
I honestly hope that Felix doesn't quit, I genuinely enjoy the random life updates and vlogs he does right now. It's super comfortable content that is extremely enjoyable.
thanks for not quiting .. till the next video 👍🏾
The best things come when you aren't  looking for them, this channel is just a great example of that. Thanks Felix
I know this is selfish of me but truthfully i dont want him to quit yt unless he is getting stressed and the platform is affecting him in a negatiive way. The brofist in the last part, almost made me cry. i do hope the best and happiness in the world, for him and marzia.
hey man, you're a cool dude. quality over quantity. you stay true to yourself, and I'll always support you man.
Is it crazy that, even with all the changes in Pewds' content throughout the years, I always keep coming back? I started watch in mid-2013 and i never really stopped. It's like he has helped me grow during all this time.
Honestly I have been watching for years and to see the growth of everything his channel his personality the way he talks everything really it’s amazing and to me he is retired he is done but that doesn’t mean he has to stop like he says it’s literally just for fun now and that’s the real joy of YouTube at it’s core it’s a place you can relax and learn and just have fun but honestly a lot of that‘s been washed away over these past couple of years sense it’s big boom back in like the early 2010s to now a lot of things get faded away because of drama or money or people being selfish or just a bunch of other stupid stuff but honestly I don’t disagree with his decisions of retirement like he said what else is he gonna get out of this it’s honestly better that he has way more time to be Felix now then having to focus constantly on being PewDiePie being number 1 ““ And keeping the numbers up it doesn’t really matter and once you move past that that’s when all of the joy comes back
Bro fist pewds ❤️
Youtube went through a lot of bullshit and today it's getting worse and worse, it's amazing that you managed to survive through all that happened, I love so much all your content I liked so much to have lived through your 2017 phase, T-Series war, and everything else you made a sick history on YouTube and you should be proud of yourself and just do whatever you feel like, that was always your essence on your chanel (at least that's what I've always felt), so if you want to stay then do it and if you end up leaving at some point, I can't say it for everyone but I'm supporting you on whatever you decide
Never stop doing what you love. Simple as that 💕 I appreciate you more doing what you actually love instead of doing what you feel will be popular or whatever. Authenticity is key 😊
What’s success to you?
You're the reason I started, I hope you and Maria are both really happy with your lives ❤️
I subbed last year, don't quit yet lol
Glad your still here
*pewds hits mic* 2:57 4:07 4:50 6:57 That mic should file a report for assault.
I'm glad you're doing this at your own pace, and are having fun again! You can really tell the difference it has on your mental state. I look forward to whatever you do in the future!
Do what ever you want pewds! since day 1! . full support from the Philippines!
Bro you chill af. Keep being you.
your the best, i do want meme review though lol
I have stuck with you since I was 14. I’m turning 26 this year! It has been incredible to watch you through those years and I enjoyed every video you’ve uploaded. Thank you for sticking around.
Brouh im 16 and im watch ing u an year now. I really like u please dont quit.just do it .enjoy it.we love u.if know one watch u i still watch u.some times i rewatch ur vids to get u wives.i love u pewds.
When you change the type of content you make, even if you let someone down you are probably making another person extra happy. Hopefully you wont feel limited by that because whatever you enjoy doing, someone will like it.
Love you Felix❤️
Great video PewDiePie. Very insightful hearing your YouTube motivations and experience. Here's to plenty more years of fun 🍺
I never felt that Pewds doing YouTube for money or fame, for me it always seemed like Pewds doing something fun and we’re going along with him.  I mean, as long as you’re happy and doing what you enjoy doing I’m absolutely fine with it to say at least   Enjoy your life Pewds  And please let me pet Eggy if I’m accidentally run into you in Tokyo
You deserve to enjoy your success and live your life the way you want to, whether YouTube is in that equation or not!
I can't wait to see what the future holds, your series' may be momentary but they're always creative and enjoyable! So you changing your content just makes me look forward to whatever you want to upload next!
NO IT DOES NOT MAKE SENSE WHEN PEOPLE SAY YOU SHOULD QUIT! I think Id be depressed for a long time if you actually did. Youtube was such a big part of my childhood and with the way it is now, with everyone just trying to earn money, theres rarely any good creators. very glad youre still here pews <3
bruh you are the best bruh, keep having fun bruh
The counsel of watersheep is always gonna look out for you whatever you do
Your recent videos have been some of the most enjoyable imo. Its been great watching your vlogs of the recent move to Japan, seeing abit of the culture over there. Don't stress, keep making the videos you enjoy making, there some of the best
your headphone cable is plugged in backwards pewds <3
i love u dude. glad ur happy <3
PEWDS thanks for making my childhood so much better :D
The perfect end would be you playing the new call of duty and speak Japanese with a Swedish accent.
Been watching PewDiePie since 2013, couldn’t imagine YouTube without Felix
You have to do what’s best for you, but I’m so fucking happy that you still videos. Your channel really is a comfort zone for me. Thanks ❤️
4:51 wth is the sound effect
I know that the older videos around memes and silly drama that don't matter a week later seem so lame now, but at the time for the week they came out, it was a great escape to see the humour thru pewds eyes, and that, at least to me in reflection, was all about being in the moment and was something that helped me thru the weeks.
This made me so happy. 😳 Pewds is HOT!
Hey Pewds, I've lived away from my home in California for a couple years now and I miss the ocean terribly. You should make a vlog about you surfing, that would be really cool to see
you've inspired me to do so much changes in my life, i just wish you keep growing and keep doing the things you like... you are really an inspiration to me and my sister... thank you for uploading videos :')
We are not expecting you to grow out any further, just keep close to us, so we know our heroes are there when we need it. You know how many people out there is waiting for that upload notification right?
I personally prefer ur content now then before you keep getting better
Pewds what ever you upload, I would still watch u
sheesh
I followed when you uploaded videos about Amnesia, you deserve to do what makes you happy! Still love your channel <3
Never quit make that money become more known and live ur life pewds.
Im so happy that you still make videos :) I know it takes work and all, but im just grateful. Im also so happy youre not completely focused on youtube either now
This man will do YouTube until he dies
We will always be supportive of whatever you choose to do. And we will always be happy when you upload videos. Don't feel pressured to stop or keep going just have fun.
Bring back the old felix scary games funny montage do it for fun 👌
vlogs have been amazing Felix ! just relax and enjoy life
I'm 47 and I just fist bumped the screen.... What's wrong with me...lol
i'm admittedly one of the people who miss your old content, but i also like the direction you're taking. besides, i can always rewatch my favorite videos of yours over the years (i never get tired of it). upload the content YOU want, you're doing great. wish you the best!
It’s kinda like you get to enjoy the dream of doing youtube now and relax
You should make more book/manga videos. That Blame! Video hits different.
you are my inspiration! i lovee you pewdiepie <3
Thanks for being around for the past 9 years of my life pewds, you said you could retire but you choose not to. I have appreciated the hundreds of hours I’ve consumed through your channel, even now I sometimes go back and relive the old memories I had watching your videos with my friends. You’ve done a great service and deserve the r&r you are getting man! Thank you for everything you’ve done 😊
I absolutely love the vlogs out and about in Japan.. Keep them coming plz... ❤️
Thanks for the update. We'll always support you Felix!
I hope you're doing well! BROFIST 👊
Been watching you since 2014, I'm happy for you Felix, and the Brofist was epic made me drop a tear :')
Good for you 👍🏻
i think it's really cool having a "retired" channel that now just uploads whatever. looking forward to seeing wherever it goes ^^
@pewdiepie i love how you’re trending on gaming, when you haven’t done gaming for awhile!
Well, I’ll always welcome you into my living room. I enjoy your content. It’ll be a sad day to no longer see uploads from the legendary pewds.
Can anybody tell me what is the model of his headphones?
Just keep doing what you love whatever it be, the world is a happier place and it’s all good that way
I am happy to see that you will continue on YouTube. it's fantastic to know that the content you made will continue! good continuity!
I feel absolutely insane sitting here at 22 crying bc this was my childhood - teenagehood - and now adulthood. ❤️ May your journeys be great!
Been here on your channel for sooo long, myself and so many others just love you for you! We can see you are so, so genuinely happy. Do whateverrr you want to do because we’ll always be here, enjoying your videos in whichever form!🥹💗💗
love u pewds!!  If you are happy... We are too!
Money
Felix and I are of the same age and I felt him saying ‘I am not into games anymore like I used to.’ We all growup get married and everything in life starts to mellow out. He just wants to take it easy and still go out in his way to posts little updates of his life to youtube for us. Give the man some love. I’ve been watching him from the start till the end of his youtube career. Respect.
My heart will always belong to your gaming videos, those will always be my favorite. But you do whatever you want man. You made me a happy child watching your amnesia videos on my old iPhone 3GS. I know you won’t see this, you’re a very busy man, but know that I owe a lot to you.
I am just happy to see him happy.
Enjoy your life Felix you deserve it!
:D
If you get to read Japanese books please do share with us, I love your book reviews :)
Pewdiepie you are a big part of my childhood. Don't upload all the time but please don't quit it just wouldn't feel right 😭😭
everyone support my new song you have on my channel thanks in advance❤
Man, Youtube algorithm love topics on Youtubers quitting and dramas aren't they, seeing that the views on this video exceeded the past couple of Pewds videos within 24 hours.
Good job felix, stuff that you want to do to share with us :)
I love the vlogs pewds
Actually this is the hest deal we could have unlike some people who doesn't upload even a sec.
The borfist T^T the feels
Hey man, I never used to watch your videos back in the day because you were one of the classic insufferable bastards creeping on to the platform, and I don't watch you now either, but I'm glad you succeeded. You're a good man with good morals and a good mindset. If you read this, don't let anyone get in the way of you doing what you want to do.
Pewds your vlogs are the best content you have ever done in this channel dont ever go back to gaming stick to them vlogs :)
i think you are the reason Many people are youtubers now
While some of your latest content isn't my preference, it's much better to watch someone live honest to themselves.  Good for you man!
so wholesome
Me and my sisters enjoy watching your vlogs especially when you started to move to Japan. Just do your thing cause you're doing great. We love how your content grew up with you along with us.
Very  Wholesome... You dont have to really quit. Just do it when you feel like it and have fun. You deserve to do this for "YOU", Pewds. Have fun and enjoy the things you do. You will always be The best
Pewsds, you're what inspired me to never give up on what I love doing. Good luck to you on whatever you decide to do in the future man. We will support it no matter what
simply because of your choice to keep going every day is proof enough that you value what you are doing.  but you have to be making that choice, and make that choice over and over until you feel like its time to change.  but the key is that YOU make the choice. I trust that when you do choose to stop, you will know you're done. so long as its not because of other people trying to make the choice for you, its all right.
Love you pewds been watching you since you started playing amnesia wish you the best
Brofist 👊🏼  love you pewds. Been watching since 1.2 mil.
hi
Stay with us, please
bro fist
I love that Felix uploads his "retirement" life, I love watching these videos coming home from work, I hope him and Marzia live a long and fulfilled life with each other <3
Also pls do more book reviews and the VR gameplays
I like this
I think I'll never handle to see YouTube without Pewds. You're the reason why I still care about notifications here. You're a legend man. I love your content always. Keep safe you and Marzia
I'm glad you still feel inspired and happy to keep creating! The Japan Vlogs have been a beautiful change of pace, I love travelling vicariously through you and your little family. Love a good mixture of your content, whatever you vibe with is the best content!   I'm not into gym, but you're enthusiastic enough about it that I want to watch it. I'm not into philosophy nor do I understand it much, but I really enjoy your passion, it's contagious! Keep making the stuff that makes you happy and we'll happily keep watching!   And one day if/when the input is worth more than the output, it will be a sad day but you'll have had such an incredibly long and fruitful journey. :D <3
we kinda see this as your retirement years and you are just sharing your beautiful life that we help make.
Quiters ain't winners lol. Pewds if you could like this comment would in fact be the closest thing I could come to meeting you. I'm not gay but I think I love you?
the breathey laugh
Pewds, I've been watching since 2011. You are still one of my favorite youtubers to watch weather the changes are there or not. Keep up the good work and always stay your funny goofy self.
His headphone so huge dude
Dude…. I really enjoy retired Pewds. Keep doing what it makes you happy! At the end of the day that is what it makes your content shine. It has been a blessing to be able to follow you on this journey 🥰
I’m here because I appreciate your personality and your perspective on things. Whatever you want to post I’m along for the ride. Kudos to you for staying true to yourself!
So so so glad that you never truly stopped 🤍 we understand
If it weren’t for your videos, my friends and I never would have laughed the way we did back then, and for that I am great full
I love your videos. just do what makes you happy. keep going pewds !
I really like the changes, on this channel.
You are,what you are. Person.
Wholesome pewds ❤️👊
You're new name shall go down I history as Felixus Emoté
Copying Luba.. bruh
Next step… podcasts
Glad to see Felix still enjoying YouTube as much as we enjoy watching it
mr beast will beat you YO...
I DONT REALLY CARE WHERE IS JACKSEPTICEYE
Whatever paths you take from here on out, your fans will be with you Pewds.  As a fan who has been with you since Amnesia custom maps (I'm old as fuck..sadge) seeing you this happy always puts a smile on my face. It's not the end of the world if you stopped uploading every other week, you're human, so just live. <3
The most humble person I know, honestly you have been a great inspiration for me, just do what makes you happy. Thank you for being you and all the content you have created. I love seeing your videos that are genuine
Go in to poatics now 😁
I feel like pewds has beaten the game of youtube AKA life.
You keep on doing whatever makes you happy. We will be here to support and be inspired by you. A book review would really aweosme!
I don’t usually put a comment down but man this is soo touching and humble of Pewd to just living his life and seeing his lifestyle in Japan is just soo lovely. Do whatever is best for you and your wife☺️🥺
hey pewds, I love your new vids and I hope you post more of that stuff. I'll always watch your content no matter what it is.
u ddint smooch ur hands to bro fist smooch us
Please Don't leave Pewdiepie we need you.
YAYYYYYY PLEASE DON’T QUIT YET 😪😪😪😪 YOU’RE AMAZING 💯💯💯💯
I just want you to be happy and dont stress.
please dont quit
Keep going my man. shit this video alone will probably make more from YouTube than I will make on YouTube all year
Post your surfing journey!!! Surfing is such a fun sport to learn and once you fall in love with it you'll be traveling to all different spots, would make some really cool videos that are different to your normal stuff
how do we tell news they arent leader..
Do whatever makes you happy poods and we'll do whatever makes us happy, watching you.
Pewds honestly your videos have always been there for me, I swear that you have never failed to put a smile on my face I was around 12 years old when I started watching you and this year Im turning 20! I was feeling a bit down today and again you put a smile on my face, I sincerely love you pewds and I hope that you stay for a long time but if you do decide to retire from youtube one day I just want you to know that you will always be my fravorite of all time man :)
Felix we love you whether you go up or down in subscribers, or up and down in views, as long as you are happy then we'll be happy, do what you want to do, we will always be by your side 😊👊
If it weren't for you I wouldn't have my 35 subscribers you are my inspiration :) get ready for the diss track on Mr beast :0
Even if you’re doing that “unnecessary” content, your subscribers grows with you. And what we see and what we learn by watching your videos is that people can do what they love. Sounds pretty simple I know but for example you grew this idea in my mind and I think in mind of thousands of your fans. I hope that this thing will make a lot of people happy. So conclusion is that you are changing life path  of your fans. For this reason you’ve got your money. World says “Thank you Felix for your positive influence!”. Keep doing what you do! Be safe! Brofist 👊
I actually like the chill vibe of ur channel. tbh the bob and vagana  is just hilarious that i stick to this channel, 😆😆 and i also appreciate u being the sensible guy. i wish u all d best felix esp peace of mind and gratefulness.
Hey man I appreciate you. You are the first person, that I watched, to ever say tits in an amnesia video. Thanks for making my childhood.
I find that the best content comes from people having a genuinely good time. So if you're making videos that you're having fun with I'm gonna enjoy it no matter what the video is :D
Everyone has matured alongside you and your content and I respect it all. Makes me happy to no end to see how accomplished and comfortable you have gotten to arrive where you are now and seeing it all has truly made myself and many others into better people!
just bring the gaming back xD
As for erection pills on Pewdiepie channel. Life complete
I feel Pewds is bound to enter a Nathan Zed kinda video stage, where he talks about subjects that he enjoys for the fun of it, in a way that actually has more substance as opposed to how he referred to the old meme videos. We already love videos where he talks about books he loves, philosophy, workouts, etc.  We love all your content Pewds, because we like you for who you are, we are always happy to watch what you put out <3
i'm happy about it. Stay as long as you want
always loved your content.  your current content is spectacular.  it takes my mind off things and love watching before going to bed.
i love you felix like holy shit man i dont know you and you dont know me but i always know you mean tons to me and everyone here
👊🏻👊🏻 You need to get Sven in real life
I love watching your videos from Japan as much as your “drama” or meme reviews, it’s because you’re really charismatic person with great sense of humour and it makes me feel like.. we’re not living in a world full of idiots, haha. xD Take care and enjoy whatever you guys planning to do! xx
love you pewds !!! always will
Just share what you’re into
This is one of my favorite uploads because I agree with Pewds, memes and all other drama are distractions. He is a veteran so he is here to "post" his legacies and learnings about life that we can all use in our lives too to serve as an inspiration while being friends while also having fun together. That's why I like the Pewds right now because if he is enjoying what he is doing then it transmits the energy through the screen and it is NEVER fake.  As a subscriber, I want my YouTuber to just have fun with their content and get on with life because it is nice to have the same energy. Thank you Pewds and more blessed days to come in Japan! Love from the Philippines 🌸🌺
bro.  its always nice to have you around.  I got the feel that you just wanted to clear the air, but just in case: please dont ever feel like you need to justify your choices.
All I will say is, I don't feel connected anymore. I started watching nearly a decade ago and it felt like I was watching a friend. Now he's grown, I'm grown, the channel is great but it feels mass produced and not authentic anymore. But maybe that's just me, idk
Man’s got waffle irons on his ears
4:33 best point
Love you Pewdiepie and your videos
dont quit you are one of the best
Really hope you and Marzia enjoy Japan and explore the world during your best years!
STAY!
dont quit plzz
Hey pewds where can I cop them headphones
YouTube is a very weird thing now and days. Everyone is doing it, whether it's to do it just to do it, or do it because they just like creating stuff. Me personally I just love making videos. I'd love to be able to make this a job, even if it's the bare minimum. As long as I'd be able to pay bills, buy food, and occasionally be able to treat myself with a game here and there. I'd be 100% ok with it. I love this. The problem is the chances of me being able to do this and survive off of it is 0 to none. Because I can't edit well, my thumbnails are very meh. I've been doing this for roughly 2 years, and seen little to no results. I've been stuck at 80 for the last year and it's why I took like a 8 month hiatus. I was demotivated to hell. And it kinda sucked. Lately I've been trying to get back into it. And I now have 2 weeks worth of videos to go up till the first. And I'm actually having fun again making videos. Will It pay off? Probably not but ya never know
As long as its a video from you the content at this point just doesnt matter i assume many other like me like you and not selected content that you put out
Start doing some Side quest Felix with PewDiePie there at Japan
I think now they will try for baby tbh sounds like he’s getting away to actually have a life.. imo
Pewds. I've been here for a very long time. Subscribed with multiple accounts and stuck with you always. You have evolved while I was growing. There never was a time where I hated a video you made. It's always fun, funny or interesting seeing you in videos without even knowing you personally. You, yourself might think that your content was boring, but they do often say that you need another's perspective to understand the view from the outside, and I can say that it's not boring or stupid. It's what helps me cope in my personal life. You reviewing memes, laughing... It always helps me temporarily escape my problems and bring out even a tiny bit of joy. I respect you for that. I'm always gonna support you in whatever decision you make and will be here till you make it. Keep on going bro. Stay awesome.
If you build it they will come
you should start showing your PP in videos, that could be a cool new direction for you
I subbed way back in the day, the first video I watched of you, you almost made me piss myself because of how funny you were, you made me get into the idea of making youtube videos and becoming a youtuber, but sadly I never grew and gave up on that idea because I am not an interesting person, but none the less I kept watching your videos to give the motivation to one day be like you of course that would have never happen. Tho maybe one day when I get settled down i may come for that title, lol. Glad you are still here.
Japanese channel?
Do whatever makes you happy pewdiepie
pewds will always be and always is apart of my growing up , i’m glad that he is proud of his work truly glad that he found where he belongs and whatnot
I like it when pewd upload something fun and nice and different each time.. but actually I really enjoyed if pewd playing games 😂 it was sooooo fun!
Felix: so ya I became a multi millionaire and it fixed my life
Im gonna become a youtuber so i can have rich people problems
lately content has been a blast. every vlog-type video was so chill, yet somewhat exciting and entertaining. glad u have a good time creating this stuff.  hope u guys stay happy out there :) overcome whatever follows the honeymoon-phase and truely enjoy japan.  hoping for some more countryside adventures, if u're down to share those :*
I love all of you guys, Felix Marzia and us the audience, and I can't wait to see how we grow in the future from here
Pewds as long as you be happy by making youtube everthing is good dude!  Greetings from an ancient greek, be safe in japan ;-*
bruh, u promised grampa pewds doing minecraft lets play. it is just a joke but i kinda want it lol. you have changed everything about me. i learn english from you, your videos cheered me up when i was at my lowest because of college stuffs, floor gang exercise motivation, and when you start talking about how to be happy stoics philosophy, i follow that concept of happiness (well not fully) and it really changed me to become wiser and more mature. seeing you growing as a person inspired and influenced me. youre growing to become a better man and that is a great direction i can follow. it sounds like i have dad issues when im actually not, its just that your direction of growing is amazing and inspiring. that is the reason why i cant imagine you quitting while i feel like i still need and want to grow. if you want to quit then thats ok but if you dont want to then youre very welcome to do so. we are here to watch your journey. (sorry for my bad english)
It’s gonna be weird once, Felix, Sean, and Mark call it quits.
Do what you want to do!! We love seeing you happy!!!
I appreciate you being real.  Do what makes you happy.  I still love seeing your vids.  Thanks for the brofist too.
We’re just watching your epilogue man, I don’t mind and I’m sure everyone who cares doesn’t mind either. Do what you want, we’ll be here
i love u
It's called quiet quitting (or lying flat in China)  You do YOU
Brofist 🤜🏼🤛🏻
We grew up and old with you! This Channel is your story, and we are happy that you share it with us. Thank you man! Have a happy life in Japan
I’ve been watching since I was 12 now that I’m 20 it would be weird to never watch Felix ever again trippy to me thanks for sticking around it gots to be tuff
You know, it’s stuff like this that makes people like you more. You do you. 👊
Some things never change👊🏼❤️
Pewds, I am a long time fan since the "Happy Wheels" days. What I expect when I view your channel is an update about your life and what's going on, and to see a colab with ken. When I see your gfuel at the gas station i make sure to pick it up and i say inside my head "PEWWWWWWWWDIEPIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIE" and laugh. Point is, you can do anything you want and shouldn't feel a need to do well anything,  you beat YOUTUBE. Will someone someday beat your records? sure who cares-still a hall of famer. Thanks for everything you've done. *BROFIST* -Loky
This is my first PewDiePie video. I think it's funny after all these years of seeing him on YouTube and thinking "cool but not my cup of tea." And having the same thoughts on his 'lame' content as he did (but it's really just fun and silly content not geared toward my age group, so not "lame.")  And I happen to find a reflective, mature guy dealing with his crap like we all do.  Either kismet to guarantee yet another "fan." Or a cynical person might think another example of reinvention to make me see genuineness.   I know I'm utterly insignificant but "it totally earned you a new subscriber bro!" Lol
A YouTube without PewDiePie would feel wrong. I don’t watch as much as I used to, but his content in Japan has felt more mature and I’ve really enjoyed it. Would love to see him do something with Chris Broad.
Inspired a whole generation. If he keeps going or quits,the world will support him. 💙
this would literally be the perfect way to end the channel idk just the way he brofisted the camera and said something’s never change after talking about all the changes he and the channel have gone through… idk it just seems like the perfect ending.
We just want more game play through and series
I have been watching you since I was 12 years old and now I'm in college things really change a lot but we will never forget that you made a lot of fun memories in our childhood you are the best pewds and please remember that we always support and happy for your decisions in life I wish you and Marzia will stay strong and healthy!
Do what you love and you don't work a day of your life. ❤️ And then don't work your life away, so many people don't truly live, they just become slaves to their jobs, money and fame control a lot of people.   Time is truly the most expensive thing to give and something you never can get back.
Didnt know i needed that today
if pew start playing games again, he is gonna be the best youtuber
Obviously the money
Short answer: Money.
Play poppy playtime and scream that will attract more ppl? Sorry I just missed the way you're scream hehehe
SICK HEADPHONES. what are those?
it's insane, but if you think about it you and your content litterally change and grow up with my... i don't even know since when i start watching but at this point you are a common part of my life. and it doesn't matter the frequence but when i watch your video i isolate myself and all the stress of the day goes away. thanks for still doing this after all this time
the 'media' fuck the media dont believe them
Good for you!
After how long it took you guys to get there, you deserve to enjoy Japan!
I've grown with you. At this point in my adult hood I like your new chill content.
I don't care whether he makes videos just for fun, I'm happy for him and I wanna be able to know that he is still here coz I don't know where I'd be without this dude. YouTube should be simple and fun again like it used to be. Brofist 👊🏻😇
I love the new traveling content :D
Can't believe i've been watching over the course of 9 years, nearly a decade. Legendary channel.
do whatever you happy with pewds, we always be on your back
As a casual enjoyer of your channel, I think you should continue doing whatever you want, having fun and enjoying life, that's the greatest content in the YouTube for me.
Brofist!!! Love no matter what kind of content you are making!!!!
You do you Pewds. You’ll never make everyone happy. Make sure you and your wife are happy. That’s all that matters
anyone knows what headphones he's wearing?
Pewds, I remember when Robbaz and his valrus was THE Swedish YouTuber. I love your content and will always appreciate everything you’ve done for online media. Thank you for being consistent and for posting when I was going through hard times and fun times. Brofist
Climb mount Everest.  I've yet to see a big youtuber do that lol
It’s weird to see my generation of YouTubers retiring or switching up their content so much from where they started. Pewds, iDubbbz, Markiplier - seeing them now versus just a decade ago makes me feel old.
When I lightly place the toilet seat down: "........" When I drop the toilet seat from its highest position: " 2:58 "
I resubbed recently because I like this new vibe for the channel
surfing videos pleaseeeeeeeee
Truly inspiring bro
ty ty ty
♥
I love the content you’ve been putting out! I’ve been digging the authenticity and realness that you emit, and it makes me happy to see you enjoying what you do.
which is I'm glad (that you're not quitting anytime soon)
The "shallowness" is the exact reason why I stopped watching your videos a few years back, as a watcher I felt too that many videos were mostly there to keep a sort of rythm... I'm truly glad that you're coming back for you rather than for us, because it's the reason why we enjoy your videos ! Can't wait to see the new ones and glad to see that you wanna focus on enjoy urself :)))
I would still hope that you will create videos once in a while so we can see how you are doing pewds :)
Just upload when you want, when it's fun for you.
Love you Felix
Pewds we will personally seek you in Japan if you quit
I’ll support anything you do bro, enjoy your life and if you like share some stuff with us. We’ll always be here for you man. 🙌
Love the chill stuff pewds. Just upload when u want. Maybe play a game or 2 share some vlogs. Its like catching up with a friend
It is just a want but at the same time it’s pleasant to hear your voice, opinions and even just being here to watch you enjoy your life is amazing.. I’m glad we can still enjoy ur content and company!
Book reviews.. Brokeken Podcast?
🤗🤗 I'm so happy to see Pewds in his peak and glad to be able to witness it. I've watched him since I was 9 years old with core memories from my childhood to now enjoying whatever he puts up. Content was never meant to fit everyone's niche it's meant to entertain those who enjoy it. Losing followers or viewers that don't enjoy the content you put up doesn't mean your content isn't good it's just not their taste (they have bad taste). Also I feel your past videos of Pew News/Dr Phil/ Meme Review/Lwaiy they were all videos you had fun making sure it's not like it was high quality but a lot of us enjoyed it. You are very successful now no ones opinions or criticism should matter as the proof of your greatness is there in numbers/comments/followers. Just do whatever you want post random shit post good shit post whatever you want because I assure you many of us will be content. 👊🏼
Although he thought his old videos may have been meaningless they always brought one thing and that was happiness. Any ways keep it up. love your videos and will keep eating until the end of eternity.
Good on you, man. Just do what feels right
MEME 👏 REVIEW👏
I remember when you would vlog a trip with Marzia back in the day. Watching the vlogs of yall living in Japan is kinda nostalgic. I love seeing yall be together <3
do what you wanna do pewds. Im all for it lol
Still remember when he had a 1m sub, it still feels like yesterday. I haven't really watched him lately ,but i still remember loving his videos, especially the earlier gaming days. Yea, nostalgia and still love him for it. And,i appreciate him  for making my high school/ college days better
I have been you watching since 2012 I was 9 years old and now I'm 19. I introduced you to my younger cousins and nephews and they really enjoyed watching you. I think that is the part when you say I've done it. You will always be the best pewds! my fave gaming series was the walking dead from first season to last. Thank you for making my childhood better.
Don't quit, please. We can't see you leave ;(
Enjoying the content until the end.
W pewd
I’m glad some things never changed, and please don’t feel pressured anymore to do any type of content. Enjoy your retirement felix.
Your Vlogs from Japan are extremely inspiring for me. They are so wholesome and so close to how I wish to be that every time I see one of those videos it makes me feel like working harder, living harder and appreciate life harder. BECAUSE you do them for fun they feel more real than anything else on Youtube. Thanks to you I feel much more driven to be better as a person and do better. I know this sounds like I'm lying or whatever, but not. I legitimately use those videos to pick myself up.   So Thank You. Thank you for inspiring me to be better.
That's how life works bro, you couldn't quit YouTube because you're vlogging and live with a best family you have. Plus we miss the old you, the BRO ARMY ERA
This is like the cherry on top for what I consider a perfect PewDiePie channel. I love the vlogs that Marzia edits and the semi annual collabs with Ken and Jack. Will I miss the Minecraft series? Sure! But he gave us so so many different types of videos that bros can be happy for decades to come all over his channel. Blessings to you and Marzia!
Loving this new content and love seeing you and Marzia grow and mature. Keep it up <3
I remember that Felix thought that brofist is cringe and lame but  I'm glad that he still do it and decide to embrace it, coz to me atleast it means another cool way of saying "see you later"
L racist just quit already lol
Man pewdiepie, I remember watching you when I was 10 and here I am 21 years old, still watching you. I really appreciate you making videos and just seeing you grow as a person and a channel on youtube, is amazing.
ONE MILLION LIKES
I started watching you when I was 9, I’m 19 now… it has been an amazing experience seeing you go from Slender spin off games and amnesia custom stories to 100 Million subscribers and the most influential and legendary YouTuber to ever do it.
Been watching since the happy wheels days and have always enjoyed your content, not for what it is, but for who you are and the energy and passion you bring to the videos. Thankful to be a fan and thankful for the videos!
I miss the horror games era but still happy how far the channel has grown ! Now I look forward to your Japan videos whenever you post them 🤍
I swear i thought the title was "why i didn't pull out"
Felix, we are happy for you. Can't wait for what's next.
Understood pewds. Have a great time doing all the things you wanna do.
What headphones are those?
I’ve been watching you since 2013 and it’s awesome to see how genuine of a person you’ve remained all throughout this time.
Why those bongo headphones
Started watching Felix when I was 19, I’m 29 now and I have grown up and have enjoyed the whole process. Love his content now as much as I enjoyed it when I was young. I’m just happy he’s enjoying making his content now that he doesn’t see it as a job but like the hobby he enjoys.
I'm happy to say I've been here since the beginning. It's euphoric
Those are like the biggest open back headphones ever they look like satellite dishes on the sides of his head which they don't look bad it's just how I describe them
The gloria borger and meme review saga was one of my favorites because it uplifted me in a real hard time. So please dont feel that it was pointless :)
Got damn pewds has waffle makers as headphones😂😂😂
Honestly just make update videos about your life every like couple of months or so would be cool
:)
You did nothing wrong with these situations.
No matter what you do Pewds, your 110+ million subs will always understand and support your decisions.
We love you Pewds, for so many of us youre a constant part of our lives, if you do enjoy it, don't ever stop!!!
still part of the bro army my dude
I love that he still uploads. He doesn't have to prove or upload anything because of anyone. He can just upload whatever the hell he wants to now and feel happy about it
Pewds Commentary Arc !?
Pewds got me through hard times.  And now, I will always stay by his side. 👊
thoong
rip
Bring back the PiwNews, we need legid news more than ever.
Thank you for being part of my life growing up. I have so much admiration for you and you deserve happiness in whatever path you take :) Stay Awesome Bro 👊
so he still likes youtube enough said
Pewdiepie is already finished his main quest. He's just completing side quests
Your having children
We love you man, most of us grew up with you and consider you a childhood friend even though we never really met you. You inspire us, entertain and cheer us up, you're honest and genuine and that's all we really ask of you. We enjoy watching you when you WANT to share, we all want you to be happy. Do what you love and feels meaningful to you, spend time with your family. We'll always be here when you post.  BROFIST <3
I think everyone can respect your decision, do what's best for you. Much love.
been watching and supporting you since I was 12 y/o, now that I am 22, i'm still here supporting and watching you! keep doing what makes you happy and comfortable. i'm still gonna support you and watch you til the end, no matter what the content! you're the GOAT! happy for u and marzia!! :)
I love you Felix.
This is gonna amazing retirement
Doing what you like to do is what matters. We support you! enjoy Japan for me man!
I'm glad your not going anywhere Pewds
e
THE BROFIST!!!!!!!!! I’m so fucking happy to see it again!!!!!! 😭 I was literally just thinking about how much I miss his brofist. It always felt so personal when he ended his videos with it like he was actually saying goodbye to me as an individual.
Keep doing what you love Pewds. You shouldn't feel like there's a need for you to quit just because your content has changed or because you said you would quit years ago. Everybody changes, and I'm personally very happy to see you change for the better.  I'm super happy you're still here, and I look forward to still seeing you here, for as long as you like!
❤
Your headset is cool
🥰
You grew up and we all did alongside you so I think for the most part all of us are on board with these changes lol It's a nice slow pace compared to the rest of youtube
Think pewds went till death do us part with youtube..
Good to see a down to earth YouTube celebrity that is not chasing clout , drama and money. Keep it up Felix.
I feel like pewds is a special case, that being he stayed honest and real with himself and his audience, even at 111m subscribers. He's extremely genuine, and you don't find that a lot with people at his status.
What happend to laugh you lose those where fun to watch
Your words are always inspiring!
Love you pewds!
We love yaaa
your old content is cringy trash keep with the qt lofi trad vlogs for a while they help me fall asleep
He's now like a japanese vlog channel
You became a big part during my teens, I'm now 21. Thank you for not quitting, I'm happy that you share this new era of yours.
I've actually been loving this new style of videos, and I'm happy to say that it really matches with me at least because I grew up watching you when I was younger, and now that this channel is more "grown-up "I am as well and I enjoy this more than I would the stock before at this time :)
You’re a real and genuine person. Always do what you love. Most people do things for the money, but you do things from the heart.
私達日本人にとってはあなたは最近デビューしたyoiutuberです！あなたのビデオの魅力は自然体なところです本当に自分が好きなものを動画にしてるところが素敵。
I feel that seeing you grow and age has been good, im the same age as you and seeing the way its transformed over the years is really nice. i am personally more laid back now and enjoy the way that you have been doing the japan vlogs and really just enjoy all the chill vibes.  the past is the past and seeing it as cringie is a good thing, i shows you have grown. I am so happy you dont stress on the videos anymore and thank you for always being open and talking with us <3 Love and Respect to you Felix and Marzia and enjoy your time there. its a really really nice change of pace and you took the time to get there, PLEASE enjoy it <3
DO IT
<3
you have a older audience; do old people content
man your headphones are huge !! you look kinda funny
Hi
Congrats Felix this currently takes 9th place for trending videos on YouTube
01:44 that bit made me laugh out loud. Love you so much pewds Edit: finished the video. And ik you'll never read this probably but I'm so very happy that you're still here to share things with us. Your videos are like a comfort zone to me personally and i would feel pretty lost without you. I'm happy knowing that you're happy and having fun. I wish you nothing but a great future for you and marzia
Thank you too for all these years...😄
yo i know this aint the point but what headphones are those???
whatever u decide to do pewds, I support you and would still probably enjoy watching you as always LOL anyways, why do you not stream so often anymore?
I was late coming to the PewDiePie train. probably 2014-2015 maybe even 2016 before I really started watching his videos
videos like this are giving me anxiety bcs i realize that almost my every chlidhood hero and anybody i was looking up to is a lot older then me so there will be i time in my life when most of them will be death
PewDiePie the After story
Some things never change :)
Been a fan since the old amnesia, happy wheels days and fridays with pewdiepie, and I am super happy to see your vlogs now, it feels like you're really having fun. What makes you happy makes us happy.
Yk, I noticed something. If he, as the person who uploads feels like memes or shorts are "distractions", and us as viewers view these type of contents for the purpose of distracting ourselves from our everyday lives, it seems YT's prime purpose is set in stone. It's just an app to distract yourself for a bit. As is any other s.m. app.
Omg the brofist at the end 😭❤️ Thank you Pewds for still uploading and we appreciate your videos. I hope you enjoy Japan and your new life
Enjoying Japan with you and your family. Thanks for sharing this part of your life experience with us pewds!
I've been a fan of yours since 2011 until now and I'm happy that you are doin great, man that brofist in the end just give tears to my eyes it gives me a lot of nostalgic memories.
i grew up watching your videos, you helped me through some really dark times. i can't begin to tell you how proud i am for your success. it's truly inspirational! brofist 👊
Don’t quit
no pewd dont quit. 🥺 i’ve been with you for 12 years alr.
Why did this still feel like a goodbye
Enjoy yourself
Influencer to "influencers" and too much charity
man this really feels like the final season of the channel
I get you Pewds. I'm not same as the person who watched BeastMaster64 videos again and again anymore. Not the person who watched pewnews, meme review and skratta du förlorar du (forgive me if I typed it wrong) anymore. We all change and grow out of the things we once enjoyed a lot. I'm so grateful you still upload. You still share your life with us, with me. You're the person who makes the content you made enjoyable. It still is the same to me. The pewds we know and love, sweet sweet Marzia and cute Edgar & Maya. So glad you're still here.   Edit: The ending really got me tho. Some things never change ❤️
Love you
Don't ever stop uploading your content will always be interesting and something that I enjoy watching!!
Pewdiepie thank you for not quiting you are my favorite youtuber
Your Coco song was so good ❤️ Wait what ...why this top 5 tending for gaming?
Hey, I own that microphone, RE320 - great Kick mic.
Member when people fought about who was better: Your friendly neighborhood Pewds, or a pure Pewds-copy cat?
your vlogs are awesome im glad you are having fun with them
gg
I love you Felix 🖤
Please never leave us pewds
Love you bro. Love you bros. 👊
You'll always have 1view i love you mann you inspired me in lot of ways please just keep uploading videos love you man i hope i met you one day just so i can talk to you you always felt like a big brother to me here comes the tears hope you see this❤️
you made it bro, i am happy for you
Heart almost stopped when you said quit bro😭😭   Love to see where you keeo going or whatever you do with everything
this is selfish but, DON'T YOU EVER QUIT
Thanks PewDiePie.  Love your content.
I have been feeling the same way for a long time glad you made a video about it!
I watched you everyday Felix. I looked forward to your videos. If you post everyday I would watch. Don’t feel like you need to quit. Even if you upload a quality, funny video once a week - I would appreciate that a lot. Love.
7:01 Brought a tear to my eye no cap
I think he’s doing really well n watching him since like day one it’s really nice to see him grow up n become the person he is like. Especially when a lot of people n YouTubers stay the same and like he said force their channel to be something that they’re not as proud of almost or yanno happy as to be doing like Felix is now so it’s nice to see him finally get the room n appreciation to grow as well as he has mentally aswell as physically so well done to you pewds 👊
i was pissing myself when i thought pewds is gonna quit yt
Hi
The pewds haters are punching the air rn.
Pewdiepie got the good ending, you enjoy that surfing my guy
I'm grateful you are here and I have had fun following along for so many years. I think youtube wouldn't feel like youtube without your presence in some capacity.  I'm glad you have come full circle to doing it for fun, you've certainly earned it. 👊
Surf channel
Love you Felix
Love u bro
Wish all the best to you, pewds
I don't watch pewds anymore. At all. But I will always, ALWAYS appreciate this guy. He's making the content he wants and if that isn't what I want, I'm absolutely thrilled for him either way. You are part of history pewds. Enjoy yourself. Much, much sincere love to you and Marzia.  Brofist 👊 one last time. ❤
proud of you Felix  watched your channel on and off for the past decade and being honest, I enjoy the less structured videos (like the ones you do now) compared to the serious ones of the past (Pew News and such), it feels more authentic to me as it shows that you're truely doing YouTube because you like it rather than a 9-5 type of environment. continue enjoying Japan man
I received his signal !!  Operation invading Norway is on the way !
Bring horror games back !
honestly I love your vlogs pls don't quit 🙏🙏
great video and all but why is your headset the size of dessert plate
👊
YOU ARE THE BEST
it really is as simple as this: WE ARE HAPPY WHEN YOU ARE HAPPY! we love to watch happy creators being genuine! if i wanted to watch perfectly polished, scheduled, staged content i would just go watch tv!!! we watch your channel to connect with you! do whatever the fuck you like to do and fuck anyone that says otherwise!!!
You should make a facade video just for major nostalgia, those 6 minute uploads were the highlight of my middleschool youtube entertainment
Please don't quit pleaseeeee
If anything I think he should just pass down the torch to a another YouTuber who’s also passionate in there own content I would recommend THE ACT MAN
What are the new cans (headphone) model name?
Ah Pewds, I went through so many emotions with this video. Brofist got me good haha. Been around since I was 10 and it's funny kind of 'growing up' and essentially watching you grow as a person too. It truly makes me happy that you're finding what works best for you. Keep doing what makes you happy. I'm thankful for all the memories :)
i’m here for whatever you want to post and whenever you want to post - please do what you want - it’s so refreshing to see you so happy and truly enjoying life.
Been with you since 400k subs ♥️
bring the old funny pewds. horror games, jump scares.. barrel!!!
Markiplier will reach this point eventually. respect for this
You have been such a huge part of my life I'm extremely have your not going anywhere.
Enjoy some bullet trains, good urban planning and good food in Japan
Love you pewds do you m8
I love how dedicated you are even after being retired
Missin meme review
Pewds the goat
Pewds.  Just promise before retirement that you’ll do a follow up to the video you did “I’m poppy”. That was genius.
Not sure if you'll see this but I think it'd be cool to see some gunpla content. maybe just how you do things or your tutorials.
In the UFC world and boxing they call this. “AND STILL” which is what you’re doing. Winning and still staying. I love that
you are the first youtuber I’ve discovered and first ever I’ve liked too, u were a part of my childhood and i will always remember that
Do not quit still want to watch your videos I've been watching you since you played amnesia and I still think you are really relevant and I love watching your videos I know at some point you'll have to quit but I don't think you should fully quit you don't have to make one video a week or two videos a week make like one video a month
I’ve been a bro since 2012. I’ve always enjoyed your videos. Didn’t necessarily matter what the content was, I honestly just like watching you! You’re an awesome guy and it brings me a lot of joy seeing you happy!
I'm happy he's in a good place now and still enjoys uploading. He's been here for me and literally millions of others for more then 10 years of our lives. He's grown with the channel and with us too.
Let me get my silver badge then I'm good
I've actually enjoyed your content more recently than your older stuff. It seems more genuine these days.  I dig your choice to just do it in the way that you'll enjoy it rather than trying to chase after a bigger sub count or others' idea of what success means.  Very IKIGAI!
Don't worry pewds, we're getting older too. I enjoy the new content
It’s always good to reminisce on the past and reflect on yourself
Nice
Don't pls don't leave us
Pewds dude, why would you quit? Just keep doing what you feel good with. If you have fun then go ahead and keep ir going :)
The GOAT of YouTube! Glad you are still uploading
Twitch chanel ?
It's a privilege sir
I think people just want a nostalgia moment from pewds like pewds going full joji and not uploading for years just to open up with one more "hey guys" the vlogs arent my thing but its amazing to see a successful youtuber keeping the YOU in youtube and just posting what he likes
you do you, everyone else can hold the L.
Felix sounds like he boutta have ah kid 😅
Glad you're still around Pewdiepie. It was you and the sidemen who really got me into the YouTube scene, hopefully one day I can make my own mark🙂
We luv u pewds
Its been more than 8 years, I have been watching your channel, I haven't watched all of your videos, but I grew up watching you. Thanks for being a part of our lives man. Even though we grow old, we'll still be 9 year olds. Brofist👊
Felix could've used his fame and success to become the greediest mf' YouTube had ever seen, and instead he retired and now uses his channel to share the enjoyment he gets out of living life. That's pretty damn cool if you ask me. Whether it's 1 video a day or 1 video a year, I'll always enjoy this content.
You have no idea how this video made me happy Because this word "quit" on this channel is a thing i really dont want to see (it will happen one day but still) and i love how it changed to you uploading what you really love for your fans to watch and enjoy ❤
I love you so much pewds, you can post whatever u want and that’s it <3
you've come a long way from the hot dog stand pewds
Awesome video. Can't wait to see more Japan culture.
We love you Pewds
Love you Felix, but those headphones are GOOFY
Make yourself happy!
❤
Whatever you do I will support you!!!
Nice
Been here since 2011. Really wild to see everything you’ve done and how much has changed and evolved. From his tiny flat in Sweden to his dream of living in Japan, I’ve seen every evolution of this channel. And while some weren’t personally my kind of content, I’ve stayed. Because I’ve grown with Felix and the bros. From staying up until 4 am watching videos at age 11 to now being a junior in college ten years later and going back and seeing where it all started. It’s crazy guys. And I won’t be going anywhere and I’ll keep seeing where life takes Felix, and myself.
I found pewdiepiue in 2012 with his happy wheels and fridays with pewdiepie episodes with Q and A'S.
This made me cry
Love the channel! You’ve been a huge inspiration for me to get in better shape. I’ve been pushing myself these past months to get in peak shape for basketball season in a month. Thank you, Pewds!
just quit. live your life!
Love you as always Pewds 🫶
what headphones are those? they're sick
Love for you felix
the face of yt
Pewdiepie was one of the main reasons why I started watching Youtube.  Don't give up!!
WHAT A CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT
The 9 year old army is now almost the 13 year old army
One has to pay bills yo!
Honestly your Japan content has been my favorite since I started following you a few years ago. You seem much more happy and authentic. Keep doing you bro!
Wow 😮 haven’t watched you in long time since u stopped doing reddit.
niceu momento
btw, when are you guys gonna make a baby?
I’ve enjoyed the Japan videos, kinda relaxing in a way. You do you, just glad you’re still enjoying it. Floor gang!
btw, when are you guys gonna make a baby?
Bro completed the game. Bro is now doing side missions.
I love these new casual videos! It's just nice to see you now and a again for an upload no pressure no every day upload just a nice little check in with your adventures in Japan it's been very refreshing! I think we're all happy you decided to stick around and just do the content that makes you happy because it makes many others happy to watch as well!!
Your channel has grown to a point where you could probably play/do anything you want and millions of people will still watch it happily gl
always proud and happy to be a bro 👊
Do a DnD videos hahaha
❤️
happy he didn't quit
I think felix is in a great mindset right now, that comes with maturity. Awesome to keep seeing videos from time to time. Keep enjoying life pewds. Love to see it.
Don’t quit just post when you feel like and what you feel like just so we know how things are going
Thank you sincerely from the bottom of my heart for never giving up and staying. I was 11 years old when I first watched you, I’m turning 21 in a few months. I was going through so much at 11 years old believe it or not lol, so you felt like a friend I could go to and escape from everything. Thank you Felix, you’ll always be in our hearts. You helped raise and shape a generation.
You didn’t quit youtube or the internet, you quit the grind and care of drama. Which is awesome. If you ever do completely detach from the internet tho, good’o mate and I’m sure you’ll prosper in the future.
It's really refreshing to see a Youtuber that I've grown up with keep finding new ways to enjoy their work, and be happy with their life, keep doing you my man
its enought to make a growin man cry
Life is short.  I love you for living consciously in this moment.  Follow your heart and have fun without any regrets💓
i started rewatching you because of the vlogs
👊👊👊👊👊
He is so wholesome <3
Sheeesh, I started watching this channel at the age of 24, now I'm 32, good for me and THANK U✊🏻
❤
being a viewer of you for maybe 5 years now… it’s so inspiring to see you grow as a person.
Please subscribe channel it's for charity 🥺
👊
THE LEGENDARY FIST BUMP <3
what an absolute legend
It would sadden me a lot to see you quit for good cause i grow up with you since the times of Amnesia and the barrels,with another account that got deleted 2 months ago,but thats the way of life i know you will leave at some point like all people do but i wanna say if you ever read this,just enjoy everything you earn it,you dont know me personally and 99% never will but you are a inspiration for me since i had 16 thanks for everything will continue to watch you until you go away
Youre an inspiration brother, happy to see you happy!
Man I‘ve been here since you had 12M subs dude, you have made incredible progress. I am very proud of you and you are proud yourself too! You should really realize how much inspiration you share across the world with just 10 minutes of a video, thank you for everything, you deserve the success bro❤️✌🏼
Dude seeing you find peace is so amazing! Really wishing you and Marzia all the best :) Hope you get to expand your family in Japan eheh Seems like a great place to live and fits you guys perfectly! Again wishing you guys the best
2:58 *bong*
I just genuinely enjoy whatever content Felix posts. I like him as a person and to see him go through life
Just be yourself Felix 👍
Tbh i don’t really watch your sit down gaming videos but enjoy mostly your vlogs 🤭 and i hope you don’t ever quit. Love following you go through life with Marzia, seeing fun updates here and there. It’s like i’m living vicariously through the 2 of you 🥰
Enjoy life to the fullest Felix ✨
Thank u pewds😎😎
Felixxxx do book reviews again hehe but ofc for fun and talk about your thoughts again hehe
🤜🤛
love you man plz don't quit
You are the best. i will Always support you no matter what ❤️
I'm 20 now..I've been watching Felix since 9 years when i was in school..hell of a journey it is...I'm happy he's still here..and doing what he likes.. Bless you Felix
Simply love you and what you do. Just do what feels right for YOU cause that's why still soo many of us watch you.
Yoooo WTFFF
Why i didnt quite : 💰
Have you ever thought of a throwback video? where you can replay old games or other stuff for fun & nostalgia.
do it for FUN
I arrived for YLYL. I stayed for Pewds. Just post, I'll watch.
It’s really the time when you can stop pushing the limits and just start to enjoy the process. Thank you for being with us 💔
🤜🏻
Make the videos you want to make! Keep going at your pace and doing what you want. But, you are part of our lives. Don't leave us, we would miss you!
I am relieved that you aren't quitting youtube lol.. if you do tho, I get it and support it
you used to be my favorite youtuber when i was in middle school. thanks for all the laughs and the memories, even if i cringed at some of them
brofist 👊
but the real question is... TRASH TASTE. WHEN? XD
I want philosophy time with Pewdiepie.
The corporation that owns you would not let you quit phony
PLAY HORROR GAMES AGAIN
You and Marzia should settle down with a family with kids or something:)
Don't need to know boi.
So much love bro! Here till the end! 💪🏻
omg I've been watching for yours and your thank you brought me to tears. Thank you as well for making my days better <3
Those headphones are comically large lol
Play WoW again ❤️
Pewds let sammit take you drifting please ♥️
Would be down for a surfing vlog
Watching someone do what they love is always entertaining to me. I once watched an hour video of a guy carving a design into a stone simply because he was so passionate about it. A stone.
Bro grew up
what kinda headphones r those?
Enough to make a grown man cry.
you can stay dude just stay and relax
let pewdiepie rest, and make felix do the contents. highly recommend changing the name of the channel to Felix Kjellberg
I've been here since 2013, not an OG, but I'm soooo glad he made this choice. I still brofist back like i use to do when i hide under my bad holding my pee because I wanted to skip school and watch his videos
Started watching you way back in the late Amnesia/early happy wheels days on my xbox 360 through the Youtube app, Im 20 now and its crazy to have watched you change and your channel change the way it did.
You are the reason I got into this, I wish you the best ❤️
We love you Pewds! Just want to share how I discovered you. Your video "How to be a salad" was on my feed so since then, I subscribed. I know there is a lower chance for you to see my comment but i'll say it anyway. Whatever makes you happy, uploading videos for fun is okay! We will support you no matter what. 🥰🥰🥰
Do it for the Felix and Dane collab!!! Ken would be so upset 😭
dude you are over 30 and rich af, you should build a big family with marzia .... i hope you are not one those people who think that it is bad to make babies because
You got to have fun when you work if not you will waste 60% of your life if not more. And now you are mature and established in life and with a work you like that s amazing, everyone should look at you and take exemple. GJ and have fun !
Damn quit watching pweds for 1 months and he changed alot for the better tho
Glad you've found your peace! Also this is a great role model for people that don't know that it's ok to step back and try to enjoy your life, society doesn't teach you that
👊
Thank you Felix 😁😁
You do you bro 🤜 ride them waves
M O N E Y B R O O O
Tf are those headsets my boi?
G.O.A.T.
Just settle down and keep being you. Take your time, if tou want to upload something either gaming related, fun, educational or vloging. I'm in.  Loves and respects man. 👊
I forgot you existed
At this point, it feels like your just hanging out with us, so chill, so nice.
You're a core memory.  Be chill, but don't stop please. Thanks.
Go to university... Get 850$ monthly from job , have fun.  Quit.
❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
👊🏼
Those headphones are bigger than my house. Damn.
You're the best 🙂💜
That’s biggest headset i have ever seen
Man, just do whatever you want. Many of us will love the  change anyways
have fun man ❤👍
that is a dope headset
dude u  just have to play happy wheels again.       np dude -Jesus
Having a 2 year break and coming back to this feels weird. Been Watching since amnesia days nad so proud to see what you have gone through. To think that im as old as you were when you started Youtube, not knowing what to do with life etc. So proud😁😁
we want felix pewdiepie so keep up going my duuuuudeeeee
I WILL ALWAYS BE THERE THROUGH WHATEVER! Although I don’t really do memes I’m too old for that never really like it but I acknowledge that that picked a lot haha specially the last two years.
Video so wholesome I got emotional!
You have no idea how much of an impact you had in my life. It’s odd, and I know you have many comments who say this a lot to you, but you were really like a brother model to me. You lifted me up through my hard times through the silly shit you posted. You are such an inspiration to all of us. I grew up watching you. Fuck man, I was probably 10-12 when I started following you. You reach such a milestone, and I love how real you are, ya know? Just keep doing what you’re doing. 💗 I legit hope to one day meet ya in person. Bro fist 🤛
Honestly, I’ve watched pewds since I was 14. I’m 24 now (today actually haha), and through it all, the one thing I learned is that he makes the best content when he is 100% himself, and gets to pick what to make himself. He’s also happier when he doesn’t feel the pressure obviously.  It’s a win win. I’ve been loving the content recently.
This is kinda just bumming me out. I clicked on it, dunno why but I clicked on the 'yep, being a youtuber is awesome' video expecting something different yet here I am being thanked for his awesome life that literally none of us can even get close to.
Nice to see you having a good time again like you were years ago when I started watching…. Peace, love, and Floor Gang
just make the content that YOU want to make pewds
Nah Felix just do what you do and have fun and just use YouTube to share it that's all.. I mean that's how I'm using it..
This is very inspiring. Love what u do
Love ya, Pewds! 💜
You've left ur mark in the yt history thats for sure stuff always changes as time passes by and you've helped/entertained  people throughout these years including me. Imo this is like the after credits of ur life. Keep doing what you do felix. Thank you 👊
He’s a good guy
How about Book review?
Our true YouTube veteran. The grand Elder of this platform. Thanks for everything man.
He already beat the game. Now he’s doing the side missions.
just chill bro
Felix, you should quit. Your track record isn't that good racist.
chill video and all . but can u remove the zooming in every 2 seconds its annoying
2:36 he's struggling like saitama ...
Loved this. Been watching you since I was 12 and I'm 25 now. It's been amazing watching you constantly  grow and adapt and become the man you are today. You're a real life inspiration in my opinion and one hard working mofo. Keep living the dream brother.
enjoy man
The bro fist got me crying like I grew up watching Felix and now I’m an adult and everything so different like we’ve all matured and it’s incredible ❤
Idk I haven’t watched pewds for a little while but I have seen the vlogs my opinion when you enjoy making content, your content is better more you. Do what you enjoy the rest of us will keep watching.
Pls bring back book reviews
Basically Felix will,  never gonna give you up, never  gonna let you down, never gonna run around. The best Rick Roll ever
Thank you man for continuing to inspire everyone out there in the world, thank you for your content. It is really cool to be a part of the journey someone goes through on a platform like this. Please keep it up, and share your experiences as you can. I look forward to them! It really makes me an emotional reck thinking about all the things you've done throughout your career, and its all positive mind you. All the good memories and things you've done.. Its really amazing so again thank you!
Have fun :D
At this stage or I guess these times, numbers don't really matter anymore. As long as you do/share what you love in this platform and you make something out of it then you're good. I love what you're doing Felix. You've grown so much as a person and as an inspiration to a lot of people. Just do what you love to do and we're just here waiting for whatever you want to make. Enjoy Japan with Marzia and the puggies!
It has been 8 years i watched felix, well ... There's start and there's end
Can you please make some more RLCRAFT videos I would really love that I believe you and all your fans like me would really enjoy it
Siempre te apoyaremos pewds!! 🙌🏻❤️
Play, scream, famous, money, depression, per example Jacksepticeye.
TRASH TASTE PODCAST!
Don't quit
I cannot imagine having the amount of money you have, to never have to worry about how your going to pay your mortgage. Just having to never have to worry about money. It’s such a distraction to the things that matter… like living life, enjoying family.   I envy your success pewds 😔
I remember watching him 10 years ago in 7th grade and I love seeing his videos pop up, I’m 23 now and still enjoy watching him. I’m glad you haven’t quit yet
marzia will be pregnant soon congrats Felix you do you
So many people stagnate once they become successful but you clearly keep growing as a person and sharing that with your audience. Massive respect, you're a role model to so many people and a good one too :)
Thank you for all these years of joy and keep up the good work, love your content as always. P.S That Brofist gave me the chills and nostalgia, Thank you Pewds!
Glad you're not quitting
Long story short “he makes too much money to walk away it would be a waste”
We love you pewds, extremely fun to see you grow as a person and figure yourself and your life out ❤️
Do whatever makes you happy, and don't let us hold you back.
Personally, It's kind of refreshing to see the channel grow. And not have like the standard label as "Gaming channel" or "travel channel" or "food channel". It's your constant change of content makes it so interesting to watch because it's so random and it's so refreshing to see new things  and new form of content as well. Love u pewds!
BRING BACK THE BROS PLEASE  Tehahahows it goin' brosssss! its PEWWWWDIEEPIIIEEEEEE  Bros for life. -an old OG <3
I just wanna see content that takes a while to produce, like book reviews and trip vlogs. The things most youtubers can't do due to the time it takes. It would be fun to see like a surfing progress video or figure painting. Even workout videos!!!
the redit videos were good
love the headphones
Getting to know someone who accomplished what they wanted and can proudly quit all the grinding, sit back and enjoy the ride makes me feel so peaceful. Because I can see myself in them, it makes me hopeful that I'm gonna be in peace one day too. PewDiePie and Bill Burr are examples of this "effect" on me.
I love the new pewds, still awesome. Now just doing it for fun, theres just a more genuinely honest and happy feeling behind the videos, good video. Keep on living life to the fullest.
You're a good dude. Don't stress the small shit, enjoy your time with your wife. These are precious moments that you will never get back, and you have an opportunity that many people don't, so take advantage of your financial security, love on your baby girl, have fun, build a family, and explore new interests. Youtube will be here, and after a few years of family life, growth, and settling into the man you'll be for the rest of your life, you'll have a new outlook with new experiences and a new vision for where you want to take your channel.
We didn't subscribe a quiter
I really like this down to earth kind of content, hard to come by these days
Great ending to an Era
It's amazing how pewds has gone from faking being scared and carrying a statue named Stephano to one of the mist inspirational people to exist in his own way he will go down in history as a legend of the internet fighting for the rights of people in many different ways and helping people unite against horrible things like cancel culture and the horrible left wing brats
I will always look back fondly at the old horror games you used to play and the low production, purely hobbyist videos. Simpler times and all - but just because it's changed, doesn't mean what's happening now isn't good.   You've given us over ten years of good memories, I'm just glad you're continuing to make them for yourself at this point.
NEW HEADPHONES LOOK SICK
I was too destracted by his remarkably nice headphones.  (Audeze LCD-3) I think
Do what you wanna do, we’ll all be here 👍
Will book review come back?
Pewds, if you EVER leave I will scream... Like very very loud.
Do whatever u want PewDiePie, we are rooting for u. Happy with all of the kind content you upload 💫💞
I love seeing you living your life to the fullest and tbh id be sad not seeing you anymore… so i think the decision you made is great for me lol kidding love you and will support you!
anybody know what headphones he is using in this video?
been here for 8 years. im 18 now and I still watch his videos. i will always love  pewds
Glad your fully back  But can I have your account when your done with youtube
Are you still doing music?
goat
It's wild growing alongside someone else and looking back at how much you've changed since you started
The new set up is clean Love the colors
Your content has so much positivity and happiness that makes the whole video amazing 😍
Dude. You’ve really come from a long. LONG! Way from where you started now. It’s really jaw breaking how much you’ve done. Stay strong Felix.
5:48 To whoever is reading this I'd like to say something to you. This is an example of why what you likely spend your time on the internet doing is wasting your life. I really can't explain it all here in this one comment but please just search up Hamza on YouTube you'll thank me later.
Love the latest Japan videos, Pewds, and I've enjoyed all the other different types of videos that you've done. It's been great and I'm really glad to hear this decision. Bro fist.
When is he going to have a kid and be a youtube dad
Actually had tears in my eye at the brofist. 10 years…
taking advantage of this new phase of yours, you could bring the book club back to the channel. :D
Hello PewDiePie....
I love the video's you have done in the past but I also love the video's you do now I would love to go to Japan at sometime in my life
Felix, du är min och mina kompisars barndom, en bidragande orsak till sena kvällar under mina tonår och helt enkelt något som alltid kommer vara en del av min uppväxt. Så många minnen, så många skratt.  Din kanal har alltid varit en form av trygghet för mig. Ett lugn. Tack för allt du gett oss. Gå och njut av livet med Marzia. Ta hand om varandra och gör det du känner för. Vi finns här, oavsett frekvens på uppladdningar så kommer vi alltid finnas här.  //En av många bros från Dalarna💙💛
Bots are funny as hell. "I want to see pewds happy with his kids." He doesn't have any lol
I think that the most interesting part is that we all grown up like a neighborhood (100+ million neighbours). Everybody kinda enjoys each other company, some folks less, some folks better... But I feel like we are a group of friends that love eachother and just enjoy hanging out and spend sometime together. Like in every friendship, there is those time when the relation kinda cools down and all of a sudden it warms up again... I personally feel close to Felix and I'm glad that I've grown up "being friends" with him (and of course all bros too). I started watching the channel when I was 12 and now I'm 24! Here I learned how to speak (barely) english, watched Felix play many games that wouldn't run on my computer and even got introduced to stoicism (that last one changed my life forever). Anyway, that is what I feel about this channel. Last months I wasn't watching the videos and this video took me back to see whats going on and now I'm sure that I have this "relationship" with Felix and his channel... I'm proud to be part of this and I will never forget the experience! Take care bros! Matheus Brazil - 09/14/2022
you da man pewds
PewDiePie 🐐
Rip felix
QED.
You know we will always support you, if you just want to vibe and post vlogs we'll vibe with you, you've done alot already you deserve to be able to do what makes you happy and what's best for you 😊
Pewdiepie just vibing is my favorite iteration so far
AHHH THE BROFIST
man i fucking love u
So I was in high school when I first watching you I’m now 25 I always remember walking home in the uks shitty rain and then instant watching when you uploaded it was a fun time
I respect the now relaxed YouTube life. Really glad to still have you around and hope you continue to feel comfy and happy with where you're at.
You helped me by giving me the motivation to start my own channel. Thank you Pewds
I love this take. Pewds just saying he doesn't want to take everything he's worked so hard on over the past 12 years for granted. He's like a fisherman that mastered fishing and, instead of not catching anymore fish, is just gonna catch the fish that are fun to catch. Many respec.
The greatest youtuber of all time, in my opinion.
Sometime it’s weird realizing that Felix is on 32
What kind of headphones are those?
👊👊🥲
Felix why do you have bongos in your ears
Being yourself is the best thing we could watch and want as your audience. You being you is what we love and support. Hopefully that doesn’t sound cringey but I feel it to be true. We appreciate you.
Don’t quit Felix I’ve watched your videos for years when I was in school and still after college. Pewdiepie channel to 200 million subscribers. I would donate, I’ve been giving likes for years.
<3
Words cant really describe what I want to convey. But thank you, through good times and bad. when I was a dedicated fan to when I was a passive one. Thank you for every video, every laugh. Brofist Pewds. Here's to whats to come.
I love you pewds! brofist!
Glad you're still going bro. Now when's the next book review?
Dude if you quit, sive has to find a new job. I don't know if anyone takes that part into consideration.    Not that it should truly affect Pewds mindset. If he really wants to quit then he should do his thing but we should consider all the factors here.
Felix, you're the g.o.a.t and always will be. Enjoy retirement, and thanks for continuing to include us in your life through these many changes.
We love you bro
It's because he got aware of that Japan is too expensive.
ngl .. but that Brofist at the end .. hit abit diffrent ..
We enjoy whatever you choose to share because ultimately I'm here for who you are by now. You hustled hard for years - taking a different pace now you have gotten to a level you are satisfied with is more than fair
Showing 111mil and then a -1000 . hahahahahah >.<
Y’all hear that *bummpp* sound?
Felix, as a long time watcher and subscriber, I implore you to explore Islam.
Our pewds is getting old :((
Sluta aldrig Felix du har satt Sverige på kartan. Du är en av Sveriges stolthet ❤️🇸🇪
I always assume people subscribe to this Channel for the same reason I do.  Because his genuine intelligent character and charisma. People fall in love with the person and not to say that he doesn’t have great videos but there are a lot of similar videos as his that I don’t care to watch.
love u dad, thank u for growing up with me🫶
Felix has transitioned into so many different genres from let's plays to music videos, even invented a few along the way... and he's been as entertaining, thought provoking and as good as the best of each, even life vlogging in Japan.   What a legend.
when minecraft
pls keep up the vlogs they are so fun
loving the japan vlogs! <3
I love the Japan vlogs so much! The videos and music are so beautiful and chill and always makes me feel better about life mostly because of how genuine they feel. Also I love Marzia's editing <3 Definitely just keep doing whatever you want since every video is a masterpiece :)
Mate you do you and have fun! That’s the meaning of life. Simple.
Hey how is it living in Japan?
I don’t think people understand that you’re human too and deserve to be happy not every video has the intention of just earning money and getting views and most of us see that and we’re really glad to see you happy and comfortable
i love love love the japan vlogs; keep doing you ^.^ it works
Next evolution of pewds channel is diw
Please do more philosophy videos and book reviews it is probably your best content.
my favorite thing about your channel was always how it always changed, i love all the different types of videos, it's so fun to be pleasantly surprised every time you upload
king shit
Thank you for the refreshing reminder on why you're my number 1 inspiration for starting YouTube myself. Keep it up KING! 👑
The brofist got me. I started watching you when I was a teenager. I’m grown with a family now and still watch. Love ya pewds! Stay happy man!
I really feel like I’ve grown up with you pewds, I didn’t watch every day for 12 years but I’ve come back every few years… I really love how you started creating content you enjoyed making before quitting. And I’m glad now you’re able to actually enjoy life and not care nearly as much. Japan is amazing and it makes sense that you’d want to live you your days there!めっちゃ大好き
:)
Im happy you havent quit
Dude you raised me I need you to raise my kids 😭😭😭
i love this man....unconditionally
Thats retirement - doing what you want when you want.  Enjoy your freedom🥂
It's been a heck of a ride seeing you go from screaming at Barrels, to becoming a duck, and then being a Meme Lord.   Everyone has a new chapter to their life make sure to enjoy you'res!
Pewdiepie I love all the entertainment you have given me throughout my entire childhood. That being said, WTF ARE THOSE DAMN HEADPHONES. MANS GOT A WHOLE STEREO SYSTEM ON HIS HEAD. MF GOT SUBWOOFERS ON HIS HEAD.
It really comes down to doing whatever gives you fulfillment, peace, and happiness.  To hell with the fans and our expectations if it doesn't bring you any of those three things.  You do what you feel is best, whatever that may be, and those who truly care will understand.
Thank you Felix! Over the past years I honestly know you've helped me grow into who I am now! It's been amazing! Do what you love and be happy. ☺️✌🏼
So in other words; Goodbye Pewdiepie, hello Felix and Marzia Kjellberg
I think that your content changing is fine, and you shouldn't let it get to you if you lose some people along the way. Just do whatever you want man, don't think too much about what we want, since everyone wants something else, we are just mindless NPCs in your life, we all love you, but none of us will ever impact your life in any way, you have enough money to retire, drama is the last thing you should care about, the internet is changing every second and it might not be such a lovely place it was a decade ago, but it still has people that will respect you no matter what you do, I am looking forward to see how do you change going forward, and how will we look on this video decade later. Love you Pewdiepie <3
I’m honestly glad that you peaked to the point of no gain because now you can start enjoying YouTube again and making content with a more relaxed state of mind and we can enjoy this much more mature yet still comedic side of you. It feels like the PewDiePie that was always meant to be but we all know wouldn’t have made it to this point if you didn’t take some risk
It's always weird to see a person explaining why is going to enjoy her life, guys, understand, pewds it's not a slave
Game on gamers
I see Felix got himself some Audeze LCD-2 cans, nice  Getting into that audiophile game 👌
Aww I always love down to earth talk like this
Thanks for the lolz. Keep it up!
♥️
Games.
I’m Always there Pewds, I remember all the happy times I had watching your vids
I feel like I’ve grown up with Felix over the years! Started watching in high school and now I’m almost 5 years into my career. Honestly I have really enjoyed the evolution of your content because it’s changed with my own maturity as well. Keep loving life pewds, looks like things are going great!
Thanks for everything.
Love it, keep doing YOUR thing. You've worked hard to get to those point and you will never regret 'working less' to spend time with people you care about and do things you love.
I love the  BONG from him accidentally hitting his microphone every so often
Tbh I like this new style and flow of content also I love the editing
Personally I love seeing this side of Felix. It feels like all these years we got to see "pewdiepie" and it was one heck of a ride, but now we get to see Fleix Kjellberg doing things that he enjoys and it is honestly fun and enjoyable. A lot of OG fans have started watching this channel because of scary games, happy wheels, etc. But I think whether its an OG or a new fan, we all still stick around because we got to like and appreciate the man that is Felix. So, whatever video you will put out I'm sure we will all enjoy it !!!
do what is good for you brother. But i love you and have since exiting the womb. you make me happy felix, and that is hard thing to do man.
Subbed waaaaaaaay back when you were still doing the Amnesia playthroughs and i did fall off watching you and some other creators I wanna say around 2014ish? Just a lot of life shit hit the fan and y'know gotta focus your attention to other things, but I do like seeing that you're still around amongst all the other old youtubers that used to be around at the time. You've quite honestly become a beacon for me, of my roots on the things i used to enjoy and all the stupid videos that i miss enjoying so like the many other comments here I just want to say thank you Pewds.
I still remember you
its just a little mist in my eye
You put the cables of your LCD3 on the wrong side the red color on the connector indicates right channel and you put it on your left driver. Your headphone channels are inverted. Fix that it's for your own good..
Live your life king we arent going anywhere
The Brofist at the end
👏👏👏book review👏👏👏
It's kind of obvious you mentally "checked out" a while ago. You really don't care about the channel, nor is it a main priority in your life anymore. That's fine. You are a mulit-millionaire who wants to travel, have a family, and experience life. That's great!  This channel is dead. You aren't coming back (full-time) unless you need the money
Thanks for making us happy, we’re so proud of u bro
If it makes you happy rock it it's your life after all
Stay safe, Pewdiepie. I hope you have success on the way that you do choose.
Man I love when Felix uploads videos like this
much love pewds
Imagine a YouTube where people uploaded shit for the fun of it, not worrying about length or sponsors or swearing. It feels like a distant memory
PEWDIEPIE HAS FOUND THE ONE PIECE!!!!!
Thank you.
Friiiiidaaaayysss with peewwdiepie i remember watching you on black ops 1 and later i found out we have the same birthday 24 octb crazy to think i was part of a small group that watched you go from a thousend or so to 100 million plus times flies how crazy
How I feel about my Minecraft Build...
when is the face reveal?
*didn't
Honestly the vlogs are the best content you’ve ever done in my opinion, so I hope you do what keeps you happy!
big headphones
An End of an Era
As long as you're enjoying what you do, that's what matters. It took you guys a long time to get back into Japan, so it's great that you're spending most of your time having fun out there. Kudos to you and Marzia. There's a lot more to life than the internet and whether you upload or not, you fans will be there for you.
Felix, we’ve never met personally and probably never will, but I just wanna say that I don’t really view you as a creator I view you more as a friend. I’ve grown up watching your videos and your ideals and philosophies have had a great impact on how I go through my day to day life. I’m so proud of all the things you have accomplished as person and I strive to work as hard as you have and enjoy every step of the way, after all life is what you make it. I’m glad that you still enjoy making videos because I enjoy hearing what you have to say. My respect for you is immeasurable and I know everyone else feels the same way. Thank you for all that you’ve done and take it easy brother, may we meet in the next life.
Pewds video are the best. He just kept changing his content with time which is very nice
12 fucking years and still kicking. Impressive, man. Truly. Never grew up with the dude, started watching him in like 2018. But goddamn, proud of the dude.
What a weird flex but OK
You lived your life as a man pewds, and you matured into a good one.
Q_Q He fisted me!! what a glorious day!!!
Me personally, and I think a lot of other bros, just enjoy watching Felix be Felix with whatever he’s doing. I’ve enjoyed every type of content and I think we’re all kind of maturing together.
Thank you pewds for all the hard work you put into the channel been watching you since I was a kid I’m 28 now and I feel like I’ve grown up with you so much so please continue to upload I greatly appreciate it ❤️🙏🏼
he can quit when he wants and i am fine with that
Turbo activate
When is Scare Pewdie pie season 2 coming back?
play MTG pewdiepie I know you play it
he hasn't posted for 10 days but it made me feel like this is the kind of feeling he is getting. do it when u feel u want to do it. upload when u want. the real people will always support you because you made all of our lives easier. For me i can barely sleep with no sound around me and most of the time i just set your videos to play behind and feel asleep. even if you yelled at horror it relaxed me and probably alot of people feel the same way. You are truly one of a kind. With all love felix.
Honestly your videos now feel way more relaxed and honest than before, plus you seems way more happy now (probably caused you moved to Japan) Where I’m trying to get with this, is I like way way more your channel now than before (which I liked also at the time), it just feels fresh and refreshing and for once, it can’t really be compared to other channels, which is great!
Anyone knows what headset he's wearing?
Although I have never really been a major fan of you. You were always there in my recommendations and I'd hop on and watch sometimes, your content never failed to entertain me and keep me happy. Thanks for everything you've done, for everyone and YouTube
I have so much respect for you pewds. Thanks for sharing your thoughts with us. I honestly don't care what you choose to do. Since you've given us so much you deserve to be happy just like anyone. We'll always be here to support you.   Best wishes from Australia 🇦🇺 ❤
I'm fine waiting for the next upload. I hope we continue on this pace. 🌟🌟🌟🌟
I am Moroccan, I am 14 years old, I have a wonderful talent for invention, and I ask for your support so that I can search, God willing
Nooo the Vlogs are addictive Please do not quit.....
Those headphones look sick, does someone know the Id?
good to see you friend ❤
Epic
I usually subscribe to people for the personality, not the type of content. I liked the old content too but I’ll always stick around and enjoy whatever new content you bring to the channel
👊
Proud of you Pewds! But I want another rage game play through lol
Honestly, ANY vid you upload, we love. I loved watching Loading Ready Run, but then I got hooked on Graham's vlogs, and now your channel is like.. something I look forward too no matter what the content is <also whats up with the VHS quality intro on some vids, I swear you were gonna jumpscare at some point lol> You've become such an icon across the world that even becoming something completely different would be fun and epic, again, no matter the content! And when you revisit old stuff its like an awesome blast from the past with new perspective now that you're older.  Hope you keep doing what makes you happy =D Hope we get to tag along just for the fun of it
Most people dont want you to quit, its probably just that the negative comments stand out more.
Eyou pewds I know this doesn't have anything with the video, but we both had a trip to Algeciras, here in Andalusia, Spain xddddd
heyo pewds!! i haven't consistently watched you in some years now, but to be honest that's just happening with youtube as a whole for me right now.  I'm super excited that you still love doing YouTube, and i'm happy that you made the decision to make videos as you'd like rather than having it stress you out!   i know it can be hard, but as a person who has also grown a lot in the 10 years i've been watching you, please don't feel like you're letting us down. things change and that's okay! but this video is a reminder of why i'm still subscribed after all this time: you're real, which is kind of a lot to say with how big YouTube (and social media in general) has gotten. you're real and you genuinely care about what you do and those that consume your content. i'd rather see you enjoying yourself and making the content you feel like making rather than trying to cater to everyone and be unhappy.   i started watching you when i was in middle school, so my focus towards different kinds of content has definitely changed (and rightly so!! i'm a college graduate now, might as well be an entirely different human lol), but if i catch one of these types of videos from you or see something i vibe with currently you best believe i'll be in attendance!  much love and encouragement to you!
Thank you for everything Pewdz. Whatever makes you happy
The amount of effort and dedication this man put into YouTube, and care, he deserves peace and happiness it’s impeccable how good he is.
I’m so glad he’s still here and genuinely enjoying making videos. I’ve been watching felix for 10 years and I’ve seen all the ups and downs of his career, he could’ve quit, there’s been so many instances where it’s been hard for him. I’ll always be here to watch literally anything he uploads because the most entertaining aspect is seeing him happy and excited about what he’s sharing :)
Pewds your content is awesome 😎
wow didt know he retired/quit.. just stopped watching him, hurts my feels... :(
That's cool you are surfing dude. It'd be funny to see PewdiePie in the lineup
I have grown up with that guy
Take your time pewds, your bros are always going to be here for you ❤️
Honestly I support his decision 100%. He already has more than what he’d ever need so he doesn’t have to be forced by expectations anymore. Now he has the time to do what he feels he really wants to do and that’s something I wish that I had.
I been through the many chapters of Pewdiepie and I’m still here! (2013) Believe me. I change, we all change.
RIP Kazoo kid, Ainsley, Slippy Danny DeVito Bobs vaganas happy wheels  green screen challenge  pubg bridge fiverr boys  It was a hell of a ride man enjoy the well deserved serenity
Felix, I'm sorry but those headphones look dumb, bring back the old ones😂
Once you begin to surf, you will never stop.
Beats YouTube. Has chance to ride off into the Japanese sunset.    Decides to play all the side quests.
Felix needs that 🥖🥖
Pewds dropping a video is like a very good old friend calling after a long time. It doesn't matter what he wants to talk about, I am just happy to hear from him. Whatever is the topic, it just feels the same as hanging out with an old friend I was missing
Don’t give up
o
You are a human before you are a content creator, Pewds. You choose how you want to live your life.
Keep doing what you love bro!
Enjoy the surfing! Such a relaxing and fun way to get a workout. You’ve earned all your new adventures Felix.
Been a fan since 2016… so proud of you Pewds. I love the Japan content & im glad you’re still here 🥰
LEGEND
Felix suffering from success
pewds, i'm so glad you didn't quit, from the bottom of my heart. and when the time comes when that's where you land in life, i'll be thankful for every chuckle and laugh you inspired. please enjoy japan i'll be looking forward to the vlogs when you decide to film some:)
Anyone who wants to see pewdiepie whip through a touge or something like this comment
Ah, what a good video. Havent watched much in the past years, except gaming stuff of course! Since childhood which is so fucking crazy. You've been a big part of my life, as many others.. You've had a huge impact on a whole generation, you should be proud!  That brofist hit different, take care felix :D
👊🏼
dont quit pewd the army need you
Hell get a car and drive yourself
hell yea brofist 👊  keep doing what you're doing pewds. enjoy japan. don't worry too much about what to upload next!
YES! NICE!
what is that headset 😭
Go to some race tracks and car meets-plz
Pewds, I luv ur channel and I’ll always support you no matter what happen.
I really Hope we see a God Of War Ragnarok playthrough, i truly hopes he finds it as amazing as i do and genuinely wants to play it too.
Thanks, sive!
You are the best man. Just keep it up with your content
It's just so great to see you having a good time over there, genuinely makes me happy to see. It's like seeing a friend you've known for many years finally get where they want to be in life. Looking forward to still seeing you around for a long time homie. Brofist 👊😎
<3
maybe you could even become a producer
End of an era.
he wont quit cause sive need job
SVENSKA OJ OJ, HEJ HEJ.  I remember the first horrorgames with Amnesia you uploaded and really enjoy the long-term journey you have developed your persona and this channel (not forget to mention the front person @pewdiepie ) I really enjoy your vlogs nowdays, chill lo-fi beats. Happy you not quiting bc Maya, Edgar and Marcia have been so long on this as well. Fortsätt med det du gör Felix och ha kul! Would be so fun to see what your YT channel will be in 30 year from now. ^^
You do you, love your reflections and your vlogs
At this point, this channel is just such a comfort habit that I keep coming back to. I’m so happy you’ve kept uploading because whatever video on whatever content you make will always put a smile on my face.
I’m glad you didn’t retire Felix. Keep it up I enjoy your videos and you fill up the void in my life even though it’s chill or whatever. Best wishes for Japan!!!
I don't really watch you videos anymore because it's not really my kinda content and yk stuff.  However, go ahead and do what you wanna do. Enjoy life. Have fun. I mean seriously. You seem to enjoy life much more nowadays and that's a good thing. Have fun felix.
good video bro
"I'm going surfing." - Beach boy Pewds
Felix bring back book review! I really enjoyed your book reviews and bought a few you recommended.
BRING BACK BEASTMASTER 64
I miss the daily videos even after all this time.  I catch myself looking for meme review or LWIAY or w/e every single day but really just lookin to see my old friend Felix 😥🥺🙂
ya just keep doing it for fun we love you keep it coming
best youtuber in the game
The videos he makes when he is interested in them are the best I used to hate the daily videos when they felt forced and you could tell he wasn’t enjoying what he was doing
The king is still here and I'm so happy about it.
so wait does this mean that he's giving up or like, is this just a thank you video. I'm a bit confused
that is true, you are a different person now  you don’t have to make videos just to please other people, Felix.   it’s been like 8+ years watching your vids  i always seem to go back to watching your old vids, and i realised you’re so different now, and it’s not a good or a bad thing. i mean we all change.  plus, you’ve gotta live your life, not to put pressure on you, but you gotta think of kids, and housing, jobs, it’s a lot of work. take your time.   we’re your fans, some long, some even way before you were famous.  but we’re always here Felix. Same as you were always there to upload and brighten our days.  take your time living your life, you shouldn’t worry about pleasing others. you’ve got a family now. go and live your life. enjoy it. you don’t have to worry about what other people think. so long as you know you’re happy with what you’re doing.   btw, “Stay awesome Bros” (brofist)
Sporadic viewer here: just do what you enjoy man. I’ve been watching on and off since Amnesia times. There’s stuff I’ve liked, there’s stuff I couldn’t care less about, but the Pewds life has been a ride I’m happy to have witnessed, so I say do what makes you happy man. Some people don’t get that chance, so take full advantage of the position you’ve put yourself in and good luck going forward! 👍🏻
Love u pewds
I remember you playing amnesia when you first started or close to super proud of how far you took it do whatever you wanna do pewds
I would love to see him VS Joey in the Wankersoba challenge
Felix is my father on YouTube
We’re new gaming content creators, we hope we get as good as you one day PewDie! We’re glad you didn’t quit, we won’t either. 🙌🏻
I do really miss meme review
Gotta stick to your roots and do what you enjoy/makes you happy in life!! 👊
It’s all good. Do what you please. But I prefer being called as a 9years old over “you guys”.
he is staying
We love you Felix
The original OG king of YouTube
pewds really is the president of youtube now, mf is like the george washington of the platform, the first and most iconic person to ever do it.
I am glad you didn't, have always looked up to you and I am always happy to see you are uploading, as long as it is what you enjoy doing. Been a big inspiration to me for sure.
Honestly you made my whole childhood a billion times better and I'd like to thank you for that  even your videos now bring me a lot of joy and I Mean a lot 🥲
Goat
I've been really enjoying the vids on Japan, I'm glad you're still here.
Do whatever you want man:) your channel is where it is today because it’s always evolved
PewDiePie you hit your mic 2 times. I can no longer deal with this. This is goodbye.
Man reached goat status 🐐
I’ve followed you for many years started back from 2010ish and kept checking in every once in a while wondering how you were doing and I’ve seen you grow as a humble person and I just wanted to say that I’m proud of your achievements especially for being a great friend or example for younger kids and to people who go through hard times. You deserve your succes 1000%. ❤️ I wish you and Marzia the best life imaginable and I’m glad you’re still here on the internet making your own changes and being true to yourself. People grow with you and they also change, and it feels great to be one of your many bros.
You’re doing great you got our support
Felix please don't retire from YouTube please if you do I will cry
I mean why would you need to quit doing something you like to do after so many years. People like You and You like what You did and what You do. It doesnt matter if You do one vid a day or one vid a month/year if You do just what you want to do and what You like to do just do it.
Felix. YouTubers in general forget this when their channels grow: We’re here for YOU. Not the other way around. In other words, you put out the content that you want and feel like you’re happy about and proud of, the audience will follow.  Yes some may unsubscribe, but that’s not the end of the world. There is nothing wrong with a user reflecting on what types of channels they subscribed to and decided this is no longer the content they wish to follow.   Furthermore, your audience has matured with you. A lot of us are adults now. Personally I would like more of your philosophy videos. These types of videos are actually ones which I enjoy
Those headphones tho 🥵
Huh... that stuck feeling. I don't think I've related to anything a person has said more. I've felt like that over the last few weeks or so. Not saying its like a sign or anything but,  How did you keep going through it? I'm not gonna off myself or anything but it's so demotivating tbh. Makes me not want to do anything.
Damn, beastmaster64 has come so far. Im so proud ;(
Woah
Yeee keep making videos but do it when it's fun. That's when people who are watching have the most fun
Veteran youtuber speaks about numbers??? Whattt? Anyways, stay humble king.
Man, i was very young when i started watching your videos, you were the first youtuber i subscribed to, i discovered youtube because of you, and the thing is, you helped me to grow, and discover a personality, and learn English, and understand the internet culture. You helped me through very difficult times in my life and till this day, 23 years old of age, im still brofisting my screen 👊. In the future if your channel still up, im gonna watch all my favorite vids like i always did. You are a piece in my life that can never been erased. Lov u always pewds, keep doing what you are doing, and still awesome.
I’ll never unsubscribe and I’ll always watch your videos and support you and sit through the ads my boy
Seems silly to be fortunate enough to be anointed the king of YouTube and then just “quit”….  Pursue your passions as well, but how dare you EVER leave something you got so incredibly lucky to have. Just make your content more mature and intelligent!
يارب اتوسل اليك بحق اسمك الاعضم ان ترزق صاحب اليد التي تدعمني بمتابعة فرحة يسجد لها يارب اتوسل اليك بحق اسمك الاعضم ان ترزق صاحب اليد التي تدعمني بمتابعة فرحة يسجد لها باكيا ورزقا لا نهاية له 🤲❤️🤲....... ورزقا لا نهاية له 🤲❤️🤲.......
cha cha slide pewds we love u
Been watching you since elementary and up to still now, honestly a lot of things had happened and if someone told me id be feeling this kind of closeness to a total stranger in the internet id be laughing at their face but hey look at me now i support you so much just continue to do everything you want
Love u
Man I remember watching you when I was a kid when you were doing amnesia I’m 22 now and I still enjoy your content and keeping up with you good on you Pewds!
I started watching you maybe 1 year ago or 1 1/2.  I'm a grown adult, married etc..  I think it was a good time for me to subscribe.  I don't really know your "old" videos so to speak, but at the same time I might have not liked them.   Your videos for the last year or so have been very relatable for me though.  My wife and I are also moving abroad (after 5 years of waiting).  So the Japan vlogs are awesome.  Point I'm getting at it, we all get older, our interest change some, our outlook on life and entertainment change some.  So, some people (fans) will stay for long times.  Some people will lose interest, some people will gain interest.  Just keep on keeping on.  I felt like I missed a fad when I never watch your videos but I know if I watched your videos back then it wouldn't have clicked.  Time and place...etc.
Really enjoying your content, especially from Japan lately. It makes me happy to see what you've accomplished throughout the years. Keep up the good work as long as you enjoy it, but dont forget to live and enjoy your life. Cheers to you man 🍻👌
I remember seeing that “burn out” in your FNaF 2 play through. Would much rather see that your having fun and be passionate in the vids you make than the ones you’re forced to do, even if it isn’t catered to me or why I subbed in the first place.
I’m enjoying Felix’s content post retirement so much more.
bruh
Nice set of audeze
👍
I think your book reviews were pretty profound, and I enjoyed them. If you have the time and patience, and wish to add a bit of sophistication into the channel, please do more book reviews.
Just keep vlogging your japan adventures and have a chill life
Pewds influenced my life in such a huge way. I was watching him when I was in elementary school and now… I am in college and it is one of the craziest things to have grown up watching him.
i am not ready to let pewds let go.....I huge part of my childhood will just leave my soul
What would you do if you quit? Do you have never work again money? You never going to have kids? You know how much they cost?
I hope he doesn’t quit because the japan vlogs give me life.
Hey Pewds! Honestly, I’ve been here since 2012, and I’ve stayed because of you. You feel like a friend, even though I’m aware I have never met you. Your personality is very relatable and familiar-feeling. So thanks for sharing your life with us, and I’ll be looking forward to seeing more! :)
dont  quit man
Brofist 👊
I love seeing you change, grow, and mature because yk how celebreties are and people project.... seeing you really is just having a bro and enjoying sometime cruzing life. I feels so down to earth and i fricken love it! <3
PewNews was great while it lasted
❤️
GOAT, some things never change...
This video just felt like a good friend  said bye because he moves to another city
Hell ya
We will respect whatever decision you come to
When Felix hit his mic at 2:58 it sounded exactly like the first note in the Minecraft music disk "Wait" Very weird 😄
Pewds rocking the expensive headphones today.
please dont quit. I LOOK FORWARD TO JAPAN VIDEOS
I just love the vibe of the current pewds
I do miss the days that you played all these Amnesia custom games and Happy Wheels, then I stopped watching for a long time after hearing too much vulgar content, but then picked back up when I heard about the T-Series thing to support the biggest singular YouTuber on this platform. Then after seeing too many oversaturated meme videos, it got a bit boring again...  I think you should continue if you feel like it. (Also it'd be funny to dunk on all the haters who want you to quit) But just try not to oversaturate the channel with a single topic. Try making some reviews and video essays here and there. Find some interesting stuff and maybe vlog about it. It's your channel, man.
The brofist never gets old
Please dont let us alone
I have been a fan of yours for a really long time.  I had to step away for a while.  You have inspired me to try and create a YouTube channel.  I still don’t know what to do yet but eventually I will.
i dont think Felix should ever quit.
i love you pewds
love you pewds I still remember when I was in the 3rd grade and all my friend would talk about is you and because I had never heard of you before that point I was kind of like is she a girl and he was like no he's a boy lmfao and now I know how influential, historical, and missed you are and will be because YouTube is so young most of the legends of YouTube hasn't retired and what's crazy if the you will most likely be the first along side jackcepticeye, markiplier, danTDM, and many others but we love you and no matter quit or retire we love you <3
I cried, remembering how we got to this point, thank you for everything Pewds...
Enjoy yourself and we will Enjoy that
Let him play Minecraft RLC and his gonna have that motivation back real quick.
You’re not doing it as a job anymore. It’s your hobby. I support you 100% pewds. Love you bro.
You'll always be a legend I admired you so much in the past lol even tho I couldn't even understand English
Long live the king.
Just be happy with yourself
Aww no more meme review :(
Pewds all the video: wholesome speech His microphone: *BOOOONK*
I’ll always be a pewds fan, I’m proud of the person he’s become and I’m perfectly fine with whatever he uploads. I think what he does now is the best stuff he’s ever put out.
Thank you Felix.
Do what makes you happy, you made the money, now enjoy the fruits of your labor.
I love you
i love you pewds, i grew up with your videos man, take your time and enjoy your life man. we all love u <3
PewDiePie being happy makes me happy
Im just really glad that ur doing ok and being happy, i really appreciate u as a person and love ur content as well, do whatever u feel comfortable cuz it also feels nice to watch
Pewds, I knew about you for years, obviously you have to be living under a rock not to know you! But I never subscribed to your channel, I would just watch a video here and there, but nowadays I like watching your new content, it's definitely up my alley, and I actually subscribed, I enjoy seeing you be YOU, enjoying Japan and your life, I am here for it. You grow up, you mature, you change, people will come and go, but you will have new subscribers, aka me, and many others who will enjoy your new content. Rooting for ya!
I really like seeing how close to true self-actualization he is
This is like just when you're a child you want to do this and do that...but once you grow up you want to slow down and cherish the time and the people you love... While embracing growth and still learning. We love you and actually enjoys a lot your Japan vlogs!! 💞
We love you pewds
Man I've been watching since slenderman and skate 3 and talking about you with my friends in grade 4. I've enjoyed growing up with the channel.
Fuck it we vibe 🙌
@pewdiepie you should interview magnus carlsen, he is going through similar feelings about chess and defending the world championship title after being on top for so long
Pewdiepie overcoming consequences like a chad.
I feel like the point of retirement is to be able to enjoy life and do the things that we couldn’t do while stuck in a capit- I mean working and stuff. So I love to see that he’s choosing. Choose what you want to do next, and if that means videos here and there awesome!! The element of choice is so powerful
Cool man, I'll keep that in mind.
Stay ❤️
You’re still on the platform that’s what the biggest success should be, I’ve had so many channels I loved that just dropped off the face of YouTube without any warning. It’s awesome to s to lol be able to go huh let’s see what Felix is up to and having been able to do that for 10 years is amazing.
Keep it going bro
Growing up with pewds since I was 12 years old has really been a blast now I'm 22 I've never had a problem with what he uploads throughout the years. He's growing up and I grew up so it's understandable that his channel would always change, and till this day I will watch any video he uploads because I've been able to see him go through so many things and do so many things and I've come to the point where all that matters to me is that he's happy and enjoying YT will he still can. Thanks for always making me feel better when I was down and for entertaining me and millions for so many years.
You are inspiration for all us small channel. Thank you
I've been watching your channel for almost a decade now and, no matter what kind of content you chose to make, I loved it because it was you that made it worth watching. The ending made it all twice as emotional as it was already ಥ⁠‿⁠ಥ
Do believe me , growing but trying to stay the same to appeal to the masses is pittyful .it never looks good anyway because you try to compete with the old you something that isn't you any more. You did the right thing accepting that you grow and evolve instead of letting all this hold you back. We should all accept change , none is the same forever and thats a good thing.
Even of you quit or not, I am proud to be a part of history
To be fair, the no death run in Elden Ring might just be the peak of Pewdiepies gaming run, maybe not but that clearly took alot of time that he might not be willing to put in again anytime soon.
Face reveal POG
Burnout is always behind the corner, expecially if you hammer down content fo so long, the important is aknowledging when you need a break and/or when to change things up to regain the sparkle and fun of anything you are  passionate about and come back recharged. Experimenting like you do is always a good approach, i love the new content and i think the some goes for many others here. Enjoying life is surely a priority and our entertainment doesnt go above your own happiness and well being. :)  Have a great time and keep on rocking Pewds!
Is he quitting?
"we don't stay for the content, we stay for Pewds" I read this somewhere and made me tear up...were gonna be always here until the end!
You should do gaming vids ag.
4:03 But didn't you say that when you were at uni, you were praying for it to work out (0:33)? Also, if you do YouTube "just for fun", why are there still ads & sponsor segments in your videos? You said you weren't getting more out of the money (2:42).
GOAT
I will always, always and always support, defend and more than anything love you Felix. Thank you for every smile you have gifted me. Thank you.
When he gave us a brofist and then said "some things never change" I immediately got a flash of many different memories over the past years. Even with all these changes he's had, he himself has never changed. Thanks for continuing to bring us joy with your uploads Pewds! 👊
We miss you. Sven misses you. Even water sheep misses you
Absolute king
Pewds I learned English watching you. I am grateful for every video you made. Please don’t stress about Youtube and focus on your life. Thank you for continuing to upload after retiring.
Im actually glad he’s not quitting, as much as its a good thing for him to quit, its kinda sad to see him go.
It's visibly the time for you to be a dad and vlog that cute life of your. Like UGH the moment I just heard that you moved to japan, which is what me and my Boyfriend want to do in the future, I was like why not start with my own channel cuz I've been postponing that plan for too many years. Oops I vented a lil bit now
Dude please stick around for aslong as you still want to. We love you and you deserve everything you have you are so awesome!
For me it’s crazy to see one of my favourite YouTubers from when I was younger go full circle. In 2010 when I first started watching YouTube (I was 8 at the time) i found your amnesia videos and found your reactions hilarious. I even remember showing my parents and although they seemed sceptical on YouTube due to common stigma at the time they liked that I had found enjoyment from something other than sports. I’ve been a fan of you since that age and have actually watched virtually every video for the past 12 years and it’s so nice to see that your doing what makes you comfortable. I’m now part a business with my parents and am in a great place but it’s just refreshing (especially in this day and age ) to see you be able to reap the rewards of your channel, and also actually see a mainly supportive fan base too! Sometimes I find the common struggles of everyday life overbearing like most people do, but to see how well you’ve handled a lot of situations has given me a lot of inspiration. I deleted my social media on all platforms other than YouTube sixth months ago and even took up reading around the same time thanks to your channel and everything is going great! If you retired tomorrow always remember how many people you’ve helped out along your journey and your fans will always be thankful 🙏
Do whatever you want to king!
LCD-2 gang! Hope you've been enjoying them as much as I have been enjoying mine 👀👀👀
I've been watching PewDiePie since I was in 3rd grade and have never looked back I turn 18 this year and still have to say I'm always a bro.
Why Audeze Lcd-2s??
Honestly it makes me feel more connected to you as a human. I can tell that you're happier and that translates into good content. Honestly my favorite videos from my favorite YouTubers are when they are creating, playing, talking about something enjoy or are interested it.
do your thing pewds. if it were up to me you'd still be uploading in a 1000 years! take your time and do what you gotta do :)
Been watching you ever since you made the amnesia videos and I still watch you till this day. So proud of all the things you've done man and just do whatever you feel is best! We'll always be here for you ❤️
The content that you enjoy making is the content I enjoy watching. I fell off around the time meme review started to pick up. I could tell that you were doing it because the analytics were good. Jokes felt forced, etc. This is definitely a good thing.
Love lots, just do it to have fun. Its better that way.
Pewds feels like the big brother of YouTube. You grew up together, enjoyed fun memories, and now, just lay back and enjoy life
man it's been a long road
That was a good video by Princess Leia! Now, when is Pewds coming back?
Felix you are a king.
Pewds is basically the elder tree, sending its nutrients out to its saplings; so they can grow.  Pretty epic.
My favorite thing is that Pewds embracing what he wants to do in his videos has 100% resurged me into watching his uploads regularly. We gotchu man; we like what you like
The Pewds. A rare creature, but ever evolving. Watching you grow on YouTube has been a treat. I've been here since the Stephano days, jeez its been a ride. Do whatcha want, do what makes you happy man. :)
Pewds I feel like u are a very good friend that You do not see very often but it's always good when u meet .I hope You will not quit too soon cause personally i like knowing how you are and how Ur life is . So thank you old friend 👊
Love hearing all your positive updates and reflections! So wholesome, keep doing what makes you happy. :) We love you Pewds and Marzia! <3
Pewds has the best character arc ever!!
I can’t even remember when I found your YouTube channel, it was so long ago, back during your amnesia days. I was in elementary then, watching you play the games I was always to scared to play. Now here I am a freshman in college watching you start your life in Japan. No matter what you post you’ll always be the YouTube Goat 🐐, and I’ll always be watching👊🏽
i like pewds and i don't mean this in a bad way. but doin it for fun and still taking sponsor deals is kind of weird to me.
You’re channel was about scary gaming and funny montages. I really miss those man. Already sucks because you react now to videos.
Ugliest headset i've ever seen lol
At the end of the day, it's all about making a swedish boyo happy. It's great to see a dream come true for someone.
Changing your pace as a YouTuber based on your new environment? That is just satisfyingly great.   As a YouTuber myself, I always kept telling me to stop caring about statistics and have fun posting my gameplays online instead, especially when Google removed the ability to upload photos and videos to Google Photos infinitely.  Keep this pace up, Felix.
cool
I was asking myself the same question why Felix didn’t quit yet because honestly he can just stop at anytime and leave as a legend instead of risking to get involved in some drama and leave bitterness behind it. But I think Felix is just such a working maniac and puts so much work into the videos that he would miss just a huge routine of the day that he just doesn’t want to stop
Man aren't those headphones like 20kilograms?
Still so childish… man, don’t criticize your own old content too much, don’t try to be cooler artificially, when you really are. It’s all fine. Be cool…) hope see you soon)
I'm the worst kind of subscriber lol, I just watch and don't comment or share. But I'm so happy to get to watch your new videos. Sure. I wish there are more? But when I watch you having fun, that feels good. It kinda sucks hearing you didn't like pew news or meme review because I genuinely liked them and thought you did too, but I'd rather you keep making things you like. Cause in the end, im sure we'll like them too
Just do what Cory does, disappear for months and come back when you feel like it.
Ill be honest haven’t watched this channel in years but its seems too sterile. Too much editing for this era. Now more than ever people want something “real”. Tone down the effort and production value, seriously. Thats what seems to be what people want.
keep it up
👊🏼
Glad you you didn't quit. I'm actually enjoying your channel more now than 2 years ago. It has a different vibe, a good vibe :)
even though I ain't an extreme fan of Pewds, it feels really great to see someone who didn't quit on his dream which he started for fun and which he had got it now and still he is doing for fun.
Хорошая речь!) Продолжай делать то, что любишь!
I will never forget that melody "Fridays with pewdiepie" and the montages with Edgar as well... Good times
I don’t wanna see you stop posting videos! I love it all, whatever you share, I appreciate it so much.
he wins
Do what you want to do king
I’m waiting for the day he does minecraft again! Bring on gaming month
BRING BACK MEME REVIEW!!!
Enjoy u fucking life man. Thx for all the years of enterteiment
PewDiePie is in the future become old guy give (daughter/son) queen or king YouTube 2rd in world! HE NEVER GIVE UP!
When felix has his final video, it will be a sad day but will hope he is happy and his family is happy :) will be moving to sweden actually because it’s where my gf lives so in a way i am the marzia to her 😂 she loves your videos and i have loved your videos, i was more into the edgey pewdiepie era but still brings joy knowing you’re alright and doing what you want man, i heard sweden is cold so hopefully not too cold 😂😂
👊🏻
PLEASE DO NOT QUIT UNLESS YOU ABSOLUTELY WANT TOO     who cares about growth  ive been watching you for so fucking long, saw you in person once but forgot the passcode so i didnt bother you,        we are pretty much the same age, love ya bro!
Ja gillar de mannen! Schysst å växa upp hahaha, tror de händer för dem flesta! Har skrivit förrut om du vill ha bra vågor o omväxling nån gång, kom till Australien ja kan visa dig runt här! :)
That's a big number I'm still at 33k subs and it's been 10 years 😂
pppie
You have became the big brother to so many of us so why not take some time hell take all the time you have earned it and then some my guy enjoy your life
Those headphones are lush does anyone know the brand and/or name??
👏I hope you make videos for the next 30 years personally. Thanks for everything👊
Have fun or gay
More songs Bro come on!!
Love you Felix
Do your thing Felix, I’m just along for the ride!
Pls dont Quit, I love you
I told you many times, and yes im just an random anon. But I will tell you again: Just stay happy man, whatever you do
Man... it's still crazy to think about that I grew up with this man on his journey...
bring back you laugh you lose and vlogs like you do now and we are gooooood ;)
You doing what makes you happy really reflects in your uploads, which makes us happy. Seeing the 4 of you living your dream is the best. Big love Pewds.
I REALLY enjoy the Japan videos. They are relaxing and honestly a breath of fresh air to watch. I started watching you when you played Amnesia so I have seen most of the changes on this channel and I will say these Japan videos have been really awesome and refreshing to watch.
Smiling from a brofist
You are like the wise elder of YouTube now, you don’t get the views that you once did, but everyone on YouTube knows who you are, and the platform just wouldn’t be the same without you.
Maybe start a Vlogging? Sound's like you'd enjoy that more than forcing the content out.
It's crazy to even think how many years have passed since happy wheels compilations or Slenderman games. How many different life decisions have been made personally and still see the same familiar face after all those years. Watching your content since being youngish teenager and now a full grown adult is minblowing 👊
YOUR PAGE SERIOUSLY DOES NOT AGE I LOVE UR HUMOR AT EVERY POINT OF UR CAREER
On a side note, first time I ever drank an energy drink out of a can, so I first time ever seen Pewds GFuel in Walmart and was expecting nothing but keeping myself neutral on it. Opened it up and was pretty wow'ed, and now I plan on buying some more of it lol
Why does he wear headphones when he's talking?
I love watching felix and seeing him being happy and it kinda makes me happy by itself
This is the kind of energy I want to see more YouTubers have. Really happy to see pewds be Felix and just enjoy sharing what makes him happy
I really love the japan content so far it's really enjoyable to watch what you've put together and I find it far more engaging than the meme review stuff etc.
Pewds we watch you for who u are as a person I don’t care what content you do next. if where your at right now is comfortable then keep it comfortable. You’d inspired me since I moved to japan and you still do love your vids.   Ps. what headset do you have on rn?
You should go on impulsive😳
Dude almost made like 7 or 8 different references about him being filthy rich lol
If you've been with him since his first days, you are still here supporting him, until the future. Bro fist 👊
enjoy yourself pewds
In the end, the real content of this channel is not about what a YouTuber does, but how a YouTuber should be
I just hope you realise that your audience is still huge. I grew up watching your videos and I'd still gladly watch them for the rest of my life.  Thank you for your dedication!
Go back in your gaming cave and make another minecraft series
It's always tricky to do stuff on YouTube... is it for yourself? For the fans? If you're making a living, you gotta do stuff that people like... but it's also gotta be something for yourself as well? There is SO much burnout on YT these days.  So Pewds, thanks so much for the candid view into your struggles and joys. Whether we see stuff on the channel or not, it's great to "see" you from time to time. Hope you find many creative outlets, whatever the platform. Hope you can enjoy some of the fruits of your labor. Take care!
Mate, you're my crystal clear memory of a special time in high school: coming back from hours of intense studying and sitting down, playing games you played with my friends with a shitty internet, and trying to have the kind of fun you had back then. We've all moved on from that phase of our lives and each one of us lives in different parts of the world but whenever we reminisce about the good things about those days, your videos and your screams are always in the top 3. Keep on doing what you're doing not because we want you to, but because we ask you to do whatever makes you happy.
Absolutely love the japan videos I just hope the vlogs keep coming
Felix has had some great character development. I can totally understand how all of the drama mixed with the stress of moving to a different country could make someone want to quit. Love that he's is still uploading
like leo in the wolf of wallstreet/ 'im not fucking leavin'!'
Glad to hear your happy doing what you wanna do  man. Hope the best for you, Marzia and the pugs in Japan. 👊
Its okay to grow and change priorities and tastes. Happy to see someone recognize this and embrace it.
Pewds الورد ❤❤
The bro fist at the end :skull:
You quit, you die 🔫😘
If it means anything i dont have any excpectations for you pewds, do what you want to i will stick around❤️
This is like a SunnyV2 response videos
Is real cute he enjoys youtubing for the fun of it. Keep it up
Already more views than the last vlogs. Go watch the vlogs guys, you're missing out. I dunno why the vlogs suddenly started getting 1 mil less views. They're great and cozy.
Just:@ *possibilty, of possibly tak1NG “U$:” along alike “Akidearest:”🫡🤔🤔🤷🏻🫥🙏🏻🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️🤞🏼😶😁
i expected felix to quit but im glad he wont i love watching his videos and his new style. i definitely grew and also saw pewdiepie grow and ive always enjoyed his content when i was immature and he made immature videos and now he makes more mature videos as im becoming more mature
I can now watch you on my tv in front of my perants because of this new content
I will watch even your book reviews if I have to, Pewds 🥺 You’ve always been my internet best friend and regardless of what it’s actually been inspiring to watch u & Marzia grow into the people u r today xx Brofist xx
one piece
such an inspiration, much love pewds
pro youtuber 😳
You’ve got coasters on your head
I dont think you changed, you matured, and tbh so has the audience that loves you. keep doing what makes you happy, love you pewds 👊
please can u go back 2 minecraft it would be awesome 👌
WE GOTCHU HOMIE. BROFISTS FOR LIFE.
what a fucking ******
Such a wholesome video
Money.
I just hope Pewds isn't vlogging for material all the time they're out, or maybe it's just a habit these days.
It's been an absolute treasure watching you start out as a small youtuber. We were lucky enough to witness you start and build your life with Marzia, accomplish the things you set forth for yourself, whether it be finishing a game or moving to different countries, and turn into a wonderful person with a really good head on his shoulders. While I'm sure you know that you have a whole community of people that will support your decision no matter what you choose to do, I do have to selfishly admit that it's been nice still seeing you upload. It's almost like there's been a little shift in your videos, and we get to see a more relaxed day-to-day Felix on top of also seeing you play games sometimes. Considering a lot of us grew up with you too, it's been like watching an old friend continue to live his life and go on adult adventures now and it's been a pleasure. Admittedly there would be a little hole left in the universe if you were to stop uploading with all the lives you've impacted over this decade and some change, but either way, much respect for you, Sir Pewds!
We're not here for games or memes or any specific thing cuz really i know the majority enjoys whatever ur uploading for who u r not for the content .  + Enjoy ur life felix u really deserve it
Felix: I started doing Call of Duty videos and then I went into horror and then, you know, Happy Wheels. And you know, it's just constantly been changing. Me: BEASTMASTER SIXTY-FOUR MADAFAKA!!!
Happy ur still around, keep doing u. Love u both 🫶🏻 (not parasocially)
We love you 3000 pewds.
I'm just grateful you haven't gone political, that is the one thing that separates you from all the others is that you just kept up the meme reviews and gaming and everything you do, and so many generations of us can learn from you to do what they want rather than what they are "supposed" to do. It's a modern approach rather than pulling us into a stream of making us feel like we're watching what happened, were watching something and fell like we're part of the now with you and we do relate. It never would bother me if you stepped away from it to take care of your family life and be yourself. Much love and laughs bro. Pow 👊
I saw this coming a long time ago. Surely all of us will support you. There is a good reason why you have the most followers on this enormous platform (T-series don't count 😂)
I really enjoy watching people live their lives happily, I originally subscribed to pewds for the gaming but I've been here for so many years, I've grown up and so as he. The type of content I love more than anything is people doing what they are passionate about, pewds does that to perfection now.🖤💚
you’re a king
almost cried because i thought this was a “i quit” video. not done watching it. hoping for the best
Pewdss don't leave uss I still love all ur new content tbh YouTube wouldn't be the same without you.
God ur laugh still makes me smile
Book review
I miss beast master 64
BROFIST YAY TY SO MUCH PEWDS
You need to ascend man
Japan vlogging channel inbound?
Bro, i always found the most fun at the videos that is you, doing something that you love and relaxed at. like your japan vlogs are so much fun, just cz yoy enjoy doing it.
Just have a bebe and pass your channel to him/her
1:46 happiest moment
Just stay away from bridges and you’ll be all good. 👍👍
been here since the start of your channel and will support any changes you do in the future
🗿
Doubt tht my comment would be read but Pewds should go to a Drift Event now tht he’s in Japan cuz it’s probably would be a new fun experience and its a great culture tbh (and im kinda being selfish cuz I recently been enjoying his vlogs hhhhhh)
Are you going to join Mark on his Power Wash Pals podcast thing? I think you and him could have an interesting conversation about the atmosphere of Youtube
Wtf are those headphones?
I respect this man even more now
I started watching when I was 16 back in the days when I stumbled upon an Alice madness returns video and I literally grew up through all the different phases of the channel and honestly I’ve enjoyed every single one. Happy that you are feeling content with where you are now and still enjoying what you do. Wishing you and Marzia all the best!
W FELIX
I've been here since the beginning (of this video) and I have to say, this certainly the most 7 minutes and 2 seconds long video I've seen in quite a while.
What a wild ride, one of YouTubes greatest
You do you! We like to watch you! Play what ever you want, or share what you want.  Älskar dig haha, Bro
Just remember that every end is a new beginning, something you have shown us through your channel. Retired or not, we will always be here supporting you in your life endeavors!
I stopped watching during the grindy filler content for a while but I'm enjoying seeing the relaxed Japan videos. Crazy to watch someone change so much over so many years. Enjoy the cooldown you worked your ass off for a decade to earn it.
I appreciate every minute of content this legend still gives us
love you bro👊
<3
I miss meme review so much
I really think your channel now is the best it's ever been ❤️
you've inspired and motivated me during difficult times when i needed it the most growing up :') i really can't thank you enough! love you felix
God bless, glad you made it buddy
Cool
VERY HAPPY to see you happy and that’s all what matters ❤
Lol you think it's lame, but the Pew News and meme review Era of the channel is my favorite
I like that there arent as many videos as when pewds was focused on youtube alm the time, the enjoyment shines through in the videos, and because of that i look so much more forward to them. The pace of uploads also feels more natural, which in turn creates a stronger Bond to pewds. Luv u pewds
Amazing video, l'm glad you are talking about why you didn't quit and have a good day everybody :]
It’s podcast time brother!
Crying rn
I lost Jenna, I dont wanna lose Pewds 😭😭😭😭😭
We love you man
They not with us. They don’t understand. We’re just a bunch of people hanging out. Lol
Pewds you really helped me trough lockdown thank you
This is true retirement, you can upload whatever you want to and it won't affect your livelihood, and people who dont like it can leave
Felix, your channel feels like a home to me really. It is always so fun, wholesome and just cozy here. Your content is amazing and interesting to watch because it always feels like you really enjoy doing it. Glad you are still here, thank you so much :)
I’m here for your personality not for how many videos u upload. Do what u luv with your life 💙💙💙
=)
don't stop, continue
we love you pewds 🥰
what headset does he have on?
Distractions are okay Felix but what I want to see is what is most meaningful to you, I want to see the things you love to do!
we love you pewds
You just need to do whatever makes you happy, at your own pace. I, for one, have stuck with your channel because I love YOU and your personality, even though sometimes your content doesn't appeal to me. We're not going anywhere, Felix. We're happy for you
I was 11 when I started watching Felix. Now I'm 20, and in a way it feels like I grew up alongside watching Felix grow up. Even though I don't know him personally, it makes me happy knowing he's having fun with YouTube and enjoying life with Marzia. We love you! :)
These videos are incredibly refreshing! It's weird, because the titles always feel tense, but the video itself is always heartwarming in a way.   I'll keep looking forward to more videos! But honestly, I'm just glad to be able to aspire to that same tranquility that you have now on your channel. ( And that japanese 海陸風)
How the years have truly passed. I remember being in my junior year 2012 when I discovered Pewdiepie, I binged his whole videos and ever since then I've been here watching his uploads from 2012 to 2022, it's insane how a fan base have grown with him
I'm soo so happy for you guys. It's so beautiful to see how much you love being where you are and that you're taking time to enjoy life. Thanks for the update and hust keep doing you 😊 that's the best anyway
Swear 99.9% of people are more than  happy with you continuing as long as you’re happy to do so 👍
The day Felix quits, is the day YouTube no longer becomes a part of my daily routine.
Omg I missed the bro fist
House tour🥺
Let's Go
I've enjoyed watching Felix evolve throughout the years. Its been great in all aspects. I think doing what you want is most important. I myself am coming to the same conclusion. Keep doing what you want to do Felix. People will grow just as you have. New and old will cycle through.  I think it's great you and Marzia are vloging all the new experiences, when you look back on them they'll make you smile just as your old videos do now.  Much love!
This could be like part 3 for Jojo where you could hypothesis end it here but, pushing forward could see a lot more good come out of it.
Felix keep doing you, you have given people what they want in the past now its time you do what u want. All the REAL BROS will support you no matter what 👊
You’re welcome
I know this is off topic, but is it just me or has Felix not aged at all?
We love you, all of us :)
What are these waffle makers around your ears?
I just wanna say you’re my entire inspiration. I’ve been here since Amnesia. Through your life and your strive to be a better person has really helped me. Watching your minecraft and 100mil and cocomellon really got me through the toughest time in my life transitioning to an adult. Just know I really appreciate you and hopefully this isn’t the last time I will get to say thank you. But, You’ve been so fun and such a great help. So thank you to Felix and Marzia both. 👍🏽 Brofist. 👊🏽
I love you pewds, you're always my brother from another mother
do your thing Pewds, enjoy lifem enjoy Japan :)
as long as you still like making videos ill be here to watch them
U know just start gaming again and dont be so chill Thats not fit on yours and you can get back ur ego again
so wholesome <3
Whether you upload once a week or once a month, we’ll be with you! I think I speak for all of us when I say that these new videos in Japan are a nice change of pace and as long as you’re happy we’ll be happy as well!
Do what you feel it's best for you, Felix. We will support you 🤭 and we are happy that you keep uploading even when retires 😁 Enjoy your time, your life and give us content if you have time or if you want ☺️
Pewds is now the biggest j-vlogger
ive been watching pewdiepie since i was like 12 years old, i dont watch every single one of his videos over the past few years, but god damnit if theres a bro fist im always gonna bro fist back ❤
Pewds: talking The mic every time he accidentally hits it: BUUUUUNG
Pends I would love to see surfing related content, so if you got a GoPro please do film it.
You do you, pewds, I believe most of us watch you because of your personality, not because of the activity you're doing
love you felix!
I’ve really been enjoying the changes. Just do you, you deserve it ❤
Felix isn’t succesful because he is a big Youtuber. It’s cause he is happy doing what he loves. And he is loved because he shares that happiness with everybody.  He is a true icon and inspiring role model, and one day I wish to have this much peace of mind.
Why didn’t he
I don't mind your content its has changed over the years and I've been along for the ride. I still like your content and I'm here for it u til you decide its time to quit.
Just keep doing it. Like a  Retirement life sort of thing.
I like your headphones:)
thanks to pewdiepie the adpocalypse became real and everybody seems to forget that now yt looks like television now you say something not "friendly" you get cancelled or not monetized and all of the good stuff is on  the paying side of the channel, i used to like pewdipie but this make a change for me
Those are like ~$2000 headphones he's wearing BTW.
aren’t u racist lol
Thanks for all that you do
Whoever’s reading this, I pray that whatever you’re going though gets better and whatever you’re struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine and that everyone has a fantastic day! Amen
Don't quit, quit when you no longer want to do it or no longer care.
I know you're probably not going to read this, but the video you did where you splegged all of elden ring zero deaths was one of my favorite videos since I watched you play Lucious when I was a young teenager.   I love all of what you do Pewdiepie and I know you've literally read this a thousand times and comments like this are a dime a dozen to you, but thank you. Your YouTube career is something I've followed through the majority of my years alive on earth. I think I speak for everyone else that cares about you when I say you're one my my heros. No I don't Idolize you, but I'm so excited every time I see you in my feed.  I worked for Apple for a year, doing Tech Support and it was my passion job. My favorite job I've ever had. They laid me off recently and i've been in a horrendous job hunt for a while.   Anyway, coming back here every time there is an event in my life it feels good seeing you. I have always loved your content when it's obvious you enjoy your content. And we all think that. I love you Pewdiepie. Thank you so much for being here.
I’m so glad Felix hasn’t quit. I’ve grown up watching pewdiepie and some of the things he has said or done really helped me get through some hard times, and his videos have given me a good laugh. Glad Felix is happy and doing what he wants now 😊!
Woopa looopA?
Love you felix, pewds, mr youtube idk..thats all i gotta say
we just want you to stick around  🤜🤛
If Pewdiepie is the goat 👇
The day pewdiepie officilally stops uploading will be a very sad day
I mean broddie we grew up with you which means we’ve changed to. If anything Just enjoy ur life.
We love you Felix. Thank you.
Have you tried acting ???
Pewds retired, Felix has entered the chat.
It’s been good to watch the best youtuber alive grow for almost 10 years now
Legend
u cool
Don't quite man we will miss you 😐
I don’t understand why someone would wonder why he would wanna stay maybe cuz he actually enjoys it? Not always bout accomplishments and money and fame sometimes it’s a genuine hobby for some people
Who edited this video, twords the end my eyes were getting whiplash? Constantly zooming?
Pewds, I'm honestly happy to see that you found your way to keep enjoying making videos! If you left youtube, it would have been very lonely :') hahah! I mean, I wish you always do what makes you happy, and I'm very glad that you chose to stay here. <3  I've been following you since 2013, have always loved your content. It doesn't matter how much it has changed, it's always fun to watch! And it's normal to change, to try new things, I think that's great, as long as you're enjoying it. Of course there are types of videos that I miss, but then I just go back and rewatch them whenever I want, haha!  I'm very happy to see you're taking time to enjoy Japan. I feel you, Japan is my dream so I'd be the same, wanting to explore the country xD I love to watch the vlogs btw!  ISo thankful that you wanna keep sharing your life with us, on your own way ^_^ We appreciate every video, Pewds!!   Brofist from Brazil!!
you keep inspiring new youtubers  and the old youtubers you are one of the first in this new era so keep walking your bro army is behind you felix
Proud of you 💫
I'm expecting midlife crisis Pewdiepie will be fun
MAKE A VIDEO ABOUT YOUR D&D CHARACTER!!
I love that you are still here I just love you and your community. Take care Pewds!
This comment section's so pure that it almost tricked he into having hope for humanity.
Keep doing what yer doing, dude. Also you can do a reaction to my silly toons any time ya want ;P
Does felix know about ikigai
Audeze headphones W
Pewds Grew and so did we.
doze sum big headsets
The brofist at the end got me. Honestly I've grown up with you Pewds. Watching you navigate life has helped me through mine and turned me on to new topics and ideas I've never thought about before. It really is like growing up with a friend. 😊 Never stop being you. Same goes to sweet Marzia!
father of youtube
Essentially what Felix is talking about here is work life balance.  You can love what you do but you shouldn't let it dominate every waking minute of your life. A balance is extremely important.   Most people reading this probably already know but for those of you younger people entering the workforce in the future, working hard is important but remembering there's more to life than work is also important.
Felix, I really like where the channel is at right now. I enjoy watching things that make you feel good and you enjoy making. But if you are twisting my arm for suggestions, I would love more book reviews (or to follow you on GoodReads)
Much love Pewds, enjoyed every year watching you grow as I grew up myself. Couldn't ask for any better childhood memories.
Good
Hey, if you don’t want to quit then don’t. You don’t have to do YouTube professionally anymore. You could do vids when you want, kinda like a hobby again. Where you occasionally still upload random stuff.
Felix just be who u are :) The true bro will always still be here for sure.
<3
Idk why I almost dropped a tear when pewds gave us the bro fist
this video made me think a lot about unus annus. i feel like that channel and felix’s journey are similar in the sense that both had their Big Time To Shine!!! but eventually grew with the overall passage of time and found their “end” naturally. some people are content to continue with youtube/work until they can’t anymore and that’s totally valid, but i feel like there’s a lot of value to be found in the act of letting go. a lot of people will complain about how they miss their favorite creator’s old stuff when in reality they miss the way it made them feel. everything must come to an end—that’s just the cycle of life. i feel like the end of unus annus and felix returning to his roots overall serve as physical manifestations of this concept of finite experiences—and that by consuming this kind of media, we as the viewer learn to accept change and growth in a really healthy way. it’s really incredible how the things we consume can change us over time :,)  that being said, @ felix: this change is welcome, and we are so glad that you’ve chosen to share this part of yourself/your life with us :D
Pewds you are extraordinarily lucky to be so happy with where you are. Im glad your so down to earth you recognize it all the time and take the time to be thankful :)
My life is already over. But that's fine, I guess. Some people are just dealt a s—tty hand. No point in being emotional over it. I'll just do what must be done.
The changes are the best part honestly
We love you you are so amazing g
from video games to book reviews and vlogs we have been watching u for over 10 years now pewds we support u take ur time with whatever content u make much love pewds glad ur living the dream
we pray for beastmaster64 to come back, but overall, ur audiance is growing with u so just have fun and keep posting whatever
yo'
You do what you want to, you’re very entertaining and I do enjoy watching your videos. My kids turned me onto you and your channel. You are hilarious when you do compilations with Ken !😂
Always remember where you started..
Hello Felix(Pewds), just wanted to tell you i’ve been subscribed to you since 2014 and that is 8 years ago. 🤯 I was 14 years old and now im 22. I’ve been enjoying your content since amnesia, friday with pewdiepie, beastmaster69, drama pewds, meme review and many more. And i gotta tell you its not your content that i’ve been enjoying but it is *YOU* that made every video enjoyable, fun and entertaining and I will be supporting every video that you will made in the future. 👊
Been here since 2011, really respect your outlook on everything and it's warming to see nothing has changed. <3
When you're gonna fight JJ ?
Pewds would you still upload, sometimes, horror games? Those were so much fun to watch :)
Pewdiepie is one the most humbling youtubers, still watching even after over 10 years later, really helped me through some low spots and good times too.
man you have done enough...enjoy and relax with Marzia. B R O S for L I F E
No matter what year it is, what's the motivation behind making videos, or what's the actual video about. One thing is for certain, Pewds will always be trending on "gaming".
You know I see the video, the sentiment and all that. Not lost on me.  But bitch i see that Eva 01 in the background
the nostalgia i felt from the brofist... enough to make a grown man cry
I love how self-actualized Felix is in his life now. It's so inspiring to see.
LOVE THIS. Full stop.
Instead of quitting YouTube why don’t you quit racism.
You’re welcome pewds
Cutiepie :)
You already won the game, now you can play for fun and not worry about the stats
Haven’t watched pewds in a while
Thank god you’re one of my go to’s when I hop on
I thought we already knew this? No need to make a video. Lol
you have to quit bro it suck
❤❤❤❤❤
Hell yes Felix. Do your own thing and keep it fun. You've made it man. Time to relax :)   So thankful that i've been able to grow up with this man along my side 🫶
I am feeling so many emotions going through me right now, our boy has completely grown up. When he mentioned about how his previous videos were distractions, I realised how true he was and how far we've came together. A bittersweet feeling, but a genuine reminder to me that time really flied. I don't even know where am I going with this, I'm just full of emotions. Man...
🤍🤍🖤🖤 love u pewdz
I'm goner meet Felix one day!
Cuz he uhneed the money for his uhlifestyle
Damn that brofist came out of nowhere and i got goosebumps. Damn full of nostalgia
I know for a fact that Felix isn’t gonna throw all of this away and he shouldn’t  he has worked hard to entertain us for decades. It’s something not a lot of people commit to
It’s scary to watch PewDiePie now that I’m way way older than I used to be and this man still speaks to us through a screen.
He almost left us
I actually hardly ever comment but felix if you read this : keep on making videos the way you like, me and several others would enjoy most of your content  Most important thing find your happiness
Ur 32 years old now so is there any thoughts about kids?
We enjoy, seeing u happy, love it pewds
Ive been here for almost 10 years, at this point im happy he still uploads. Thank you a LOT❤
I still like your "retired" content I enjoy it! So I'd love to see you keep uploading stuff whenever you feel like it just to see how you are doing. I've been watching since I was like 10 or 11 and I've personally always enjoyed your content you just do what you want man!
Pewdiepie you are such a good YouTube. I will never stop being your fan
Love you Pewds been here since happy wheels videos and I've loved every video of yours ever since then
Why I didn't quit - easy money $$ from the basic instinct of reciprocity. It definitely is a win-win situation when your eyes glow and your teeth sparkle when you smile in the millions of close ups of your face over the last ten years. lol
Been watching a long time man! So glad you decided not to quit. You're a good guy and deserve all the happiness and none of the stress/drama. Love ya pewds
Felix, we appreciate you so much! A lot of us grew up with you in a way, and it’s so weird to say… but we really value you as a friend, not just a content creator. Anything that you choose at this point, is the right choice, just be happy. If you want to continue to make videos, but you want to make a drastic change in content, or upload schedule, that is completely okay with us. Wether it’s book reviews, reaction videos, skits, or literally anything else you could think of. You will have our support. Or, if you’d like to hang up the towel at any point, we will always look back on the fondest of memories. You’re a big inspiration man, have fun with your new life and beautiful wife in Japan! 🇯🇵❤️
Wholesome pewds > all the other pewds
Don’t quite please I love watching you play video games and I miss when you would play them you don’t anymore I just really miss it
ayo you got mezes?
You are an inspiration, Ty. Keep pursuing the good.
That’s pretty saddening people ask “when you going to quit YouTube?” That’s like asking someone when you going to quite a hobby or dream that you love.
I will never stop watching. Regardless of what video you make. You make your videos fun. Both old and new. You are one of the people on this platform that I will always come beck to. Even when I'm 80, I'll still come back. Wheather it's the greatest battle of all time (Pewdiepie vs. T-Series) or reactions, gameplay or vlogs, you inspire me for alot of the stuff that I do and have done. I will forever be greatfull for that. Continue doing the thing you love and don't give up. Thank you.
Not the time to quit, I've never liked the content more :D
We are growing with you I'm sure we are all adults now mostly.
Ahhh, that brofist touched my inner child heart man. Thanks for existing Felix, been here since I was but a little boy, and I still occasionally come see what's new on your channel from time to time. Brofist 👊
If you don’t have kids, who will you leave your fortune to when you guys pass?
started watching since I was 12 I'm 23 now and very glad to know your not retiring any time your noti goes off im on the pc asap to watch your content bro !
edward
Please don’t quit
You do you king
Are you Karl Rock?!?
I love to watch youtubers do what they love and not what gets them to the algorithm. I've always loved watching you for you and your personality. And I'm sure it makes all of us that cares, happy to see you do what makes you happy because that just makes the content better overall and makes it unique. This video has been so calm and chill it have got me pumped to get my workout in as soon as possible. Much love pewds<3 have a shrektastic day :)
TALK ABOUT BOOKS
Crazy
I watch you for you, not your content! We appreciate anything you upload, I'm glad you're having fun on youtube again <3
cool headset
♥️
You are our inspiration and your content is heaven for all of us
Long time sub, first time commenter (AFAIK) Pewd's says he's going surfing then has a clip of a dude surfing a barrel, doubt.
comment
When you quit. Find something meaningful
ride the chariot felix... the world keeps going... youre earned this
I’m glad you’re going to stick around and do content that makes you happy because that makes me happy. Honestly I do not blame me for just taking time to enjoy Japan because that’s what I would do.
I like pewdiepie, but Felix is better (iykykiydkydk)
Keep Sive in his job 👏
Watching you since 6th grade. Never felt so close to a total stranger. literally saw someone pass through their life and took inspiration for myself. Thanks for all the memories. And keep on supplying fun and joy when you feel like it.
Maybe I stopped watching your content a few years ago. But know that I was one of your first viewers I stayed up late waiting on your new releases and always get excited for every and each upload. Even if you quit and I wish not,  just know that you’ll stay in your og fans hearts forever. You inspired more people than you realize.
You are living the dream! Don't worry about us. Tho we miss the every day videos, its still so amazing to see you two living your life in Japan!
If felix is happy i am happy
As long as Felix is having fun and enjoying making these videos I will continue to watch and support.
i personally love how you’ve been uploading lately. just posting what you want to post and what you are having fun doing. not stressing about what’s the most popular thing atm looks like it’s going great for you :) love you pewds
these headphones way too big. Are they good?
Im gonna stay as long as you play any kind of video games thats the reason why i subbed back then if u never stop playing im never gonna unsub u
I definitely hope you enjoy your time in Japan and I am so glad I found your channel so fucking long ago and thank you for all the memories
The thing about it is everyone remembers the few bad stuff but never the majority of good things that you’ve done
it's cool if u want to quit, it's cool if u don't want to. i personally appreciate all ur videos and i think this goes for other people as well. ur presence is heartwarming tbh, but it' ok either ways. just hope u'll be relaxed in ur future, we lov u, thanks
The word you were looking for might've been "vain." It's vain to "upload all that stuff."
WTF is that headset XD
The real question is when are you gonna have kids bro, Marcia isn't getting any younger.
honestly I've watched you since I was about 10 years old, im now 18 and still absolutely love your content. Ive been loving the Japan content so much :)
I would like daily uploads but that's just coz I got too much time if u completely stopped uploading i'd be devastated, not to ask anything of u . I just wanna thank u for being there man despite the frequency of uploads.
Pewds, seeing you and seeing you happy is all I care about. Doesn’t matter the content. We all watch you because we like you for you. Go and do all the things you want with your channel, we will always be here watching. 😊❤️
Life is a journey, not a destination.  You do you, our friend!
just do what you want to do. theres no reason why we should stop you. just upload when you feel like you want to, and do what you want to do. we love you for you being you, not really the content you make. quit if you want, but we would all appreciate an update or interactivity between us and the community.
ID on those headphones plox
This vid didn't even feel like 7 mins
I’ve been watching you since 2014 just to learn English in a fun way, and watching you grow as I grew up really set an example, especially past couple years. Memes and chaotic times was fun, but now it seems like you’re just enjoying life by not pushing yourself! It is so nice you are finally doing what you like and dgaf, I wish that for all of us.
e
Enjoy your time bro
pewds, i grew up watching your stuff and like, i can't tell u how happy it makes me seeing u & Mariza and the doggos doing well. i believe that, in the end u guys will know what u wanna do, even if that means doing nothing at all. whatever the case may be, vibing with yall on here after so many years is so cool ^^ arigatō gozaimasu for everything 🙏
I don't expect you to read this but I want to express a thought. You worked consistently if not hard, and made a lot of money. What you do now should be enjoyment which I believe is what you are doing. The old videos are still there to enjoy. But life is finite and people and interests change. There is never anything wrong with doing a new thing. It's not a reason, but you can be an example to others that follow in your footsteps.
Having my membership badge on 2 years feels like an dream . I'm honestly thankful for Felix uploading and inspiring us so much . It's been a great honor being a subscriber . Even tho Pewds dont post as much It's still fun watching him . FLOOGGANG AHOO
God bless you Pewdiepie you will always be a hero to me
Time to have a baby :D
As long as your having fun and enjoying yourself that's really all that matters ,super happy with the choice you made, can't wait t see more vids.
Idk If you'd be interested but a surfing video would be really cool to watch. Just from the small clip it looks like your getting really good!
You are just not cut out for it, just go away I guess.
We will support you to the end
I'll keep watching your old videos even if you dare to quit.
I love that he continues to upload,  he vlogs his life in japan with marzia, edgar and maya, and honestly shouldn't be forced to quit just let him enjoy his life.
Why Don't give Shout out to small channels like old times!  To motivate new youtubers and content creators. You are without any doubt the most loved youtuber of all time. New creators idolize you. So it will give that moral boost and the viewers will also get the opportunities to watch new creators.  Love you <3
I am not going to lie I don’t really want you to quit. I understand that that is a selfish thing. Maybe because I see your videos as a bit of a comfort. I wouldn’t be upset if you did though. I just don’t agree with those comments that were saying hey bro just quit already. Maybe you could do like a retirement highbred were you just pop in every once in a while for fun I don’t know.
So good my dear. 👍👍🌸🌸🌸
Love this, you go gurl
Love u man, always been my favorite and this is why!
Møz møz, you do you 👍
He really matured since he started youtube for sure, he became a wholesome man. But that dream was always the same, just for fun. That's what i like about him
Will we get "Fridays with PewDiePie" Back????
I personally think that at this point that I grew up with you and I just watch you for you. Not speaking for all of the people! But some of us just like you and whatever content you create. We do not expect any specific stuff just enjoy it when we see you upload a new video! Just wanna know what’s up. And of course wish you all the best!!!
I feel your content in more personal now. Like we as an audience get to experience a new Pewds and what he actually likes to do!!
So happy you are still here man! I’ve been following you since the beginning and it feels like we are friends even though you don’t know me haha! It feels like we are growing up together!! Keep it up, love every minute of it!
Hi
Looks like you're wearing two tambourines on your ears 😅
It's always a refresher  for me the fact that while I know I'm growing and moving forward, this channels I've watched for years also does.
We love you pewds ❤
We stay here for you Felix. No matter if it’s playing minecraft, commenting on something, book reviews, or the vlogs, we will always enjoy it because it’s you who does it :)
i hope when I graduate and have a good acting career I can focus on stuff I want to do in life like felix. not everyone gets that chance to be off work anytime and learn surfing. make good choices ppl and catchup the greenlights
Tbh, I don't mind different content. I'm the kind of person who keeps memories closed to my heart, and there's not a single better playtrough on youtube than your Last of Us one. That experience can never be replaced, and no amount of youtube content can shake it. :d
Keep doing what you love Pewds. Been around since the start and I’ll be here until the end.
The joy pewdiepie gives me every day is undesirable
Love you pewds <3 I have always been so invested in you, regardless of what content you put out (however would love another book review please and thank you)
Do what makes you the happiest felix
WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT FELIX TO QUIT DOING YOUTUBE?!  I have enjoyed watching him for about 7-8 years. I will be beyond sad when he does stop because he means so much to me. On the other hand I can’t be selfish. I want Felix to do what makes him feel happy and fulfilled. I’ll support him and love him always
Just shout out more people like you did back when Jacksepticeye got his recognization.
Downlad whenever you want, I'll still like the fuck out of whatever you post.
do you my guy
You don't have to burden yourself.just upload what you want
Been here a long time, and I never really cared that much about what genre of content you’ve made, because I’ve enjoyed it no matter what it was. Because the best thing about your content is you. So I’m glad that you’re happy and posting whenever you feel like it!
Wait, you guys moved to Japan?
keep the vlogs  comin !! Or whatever you feel like making. I love your vlogs really .
now the podcast phase
Is Pewds an audiophile?
You're older now. Distractions and pointless crap isn't necessary. Especially when you are fortunate enough to have the money to go out there and get actual experiences and you've already accomplished so much on YouTube. It's probably refreshing to take it at a slower pace.   I wouldn't want to be on YouTube if I did it for money. My kids see all the fake obnoxious YouTubers and think being a YouTuber would be fun. It's fun if you do it for fun. I wouldn't enjoy it to do it competitively or for money. If I'd get money it would be a nice bonus. I just couldn't imagine uploading every day and stressing about ideas or thumbnails or if people are gonna like it. Makes me miss old YouTube. Before everyone saw it as a job or money maker.   Weirdly enough the vlogs and book reviews have been my favorite thus far. The book videos inspired me to buy a Kindle. I really enjoy this content and understand that one day it might end. So I just appreciate it while its here and wholesome. Love seeing you and Marzia enjoying your lives. Gives me a bit of hope.
Jesus loves y'all and Is The Way To Everlasting life 🤍🙏
The grind is over. Thank you Felix, for making my childhood exciting. I hope you and Marzia live happily ever after.
Kjempe bra
When crunchy roll sponsor
Ive really enjoyed the vlogs, marzias editing style is really calm and relaxing! Perfect videos to watch in the evening. Also fun seing you try all the new stuff you like and getting used to the new life in Japan, motivates me. You should also go say hi to Kotaro & Hana the otters from the youtube channel KOTSUMET.
I started watching Pewds in 2011. I was 7...IK IT'S NOT A GOOD AGE. But i couldnt help it i loved his videos. Its insane how much he grew
Do a book review! I really enjoy your reviews
Ngl you are slowly looking like Giga Chad.
Upload what you want, we like you for who you are no matter the content. There will always be lots of us still on the ride, im happy your happier. Brofist
You moved to Japan and your content took another huge shift and I've honestly loved every minute of it. I'm glad you haven't quit.
im still waiting for all the Queen memes, ive been dying everytime i open twitter.
As someone who quite literally grew up watching your videos (I'm 20 now) was around 13-14 when I first started it's nice to see the maturity of your channel grow with the audience and now you mainly do Japanese vlogs which are amazing even if it's not old school amnesia style video. Will always love your content no matter what you put out. Your channel has become really relaxing to enjoy after a long day of work
Looking back and knowing that for a lot of felix’s videos he wasn’t happy but he kept going to make us happy makes me feel so sad  thank you so much felix for everything you can’t possibly know how much joy you have brought to so many people just by being pewds including me you got me through some hard times forever my favourite YouTuber all the best to you, you deserve all the joy in the world keep doing you bro 🤜🏻
so should i cancel my membership?? 😅😅
Massive salute gamer
Just keep upload Japan vlogs! I've been watching them for 6 hours while building my evangeloin model. Do what makes you guys happy ♥️
WAS THAT A BRO FIST
Upload whatever you want pewds! We’re here to support you! Life is all about experiencing things, so thanks for sharing so many experiences with us!
Ouuuu I got an idea if you do want to end it. You should do a unsubscriber countdown and have everyone who subscribe unsubscibe.
Hey Pewds, I've been watching your videos since 2012. We have almost the same age (I was born in 1990) and, sometimes, I feel like you're a friend to me. I'd like to let you know that I laughed a lot of times because of your videos. Whatever choice or path you follow in your life, I wish you sincerely absolute success and happiness always.
Love you bro
The bro fist at the end made me tear up 🥺 thank you Pewds ❤️ you'll always be in our hearts!
keep doing what makes you happy !!
Once you reach the stars what's left to reach for? -yoga probably
Cheers, pewpew. Go and be exactly as happy as you can. It'll be the best victory Youtube will ever be a witness to.
I totally respect your decisions. But please, if you ever get bored, don't think twice before returning. You are still young.
#1 youtuber of all time 🙏
You do you bro
"Went through a lot of drama" well you say n!gg3r and benefited from it, i wonder why
I think you’ll probably know when it’s time when either making videos isn’t fun anymore or you feel satisfied with the videos you put out, and you feel like you should be done.
you keep me going on and on and seeing you do youtube for fun makes me happy because there's a huge difference and its noticeable
this was the closest we will ever be to see the legend the myth BEASTMASTER 64 again on this channel....
Never forget 2017’s Pubg BRIDGE
Please don’t quit!!!
Bro where is your jack black video where you both play Minecraft. That’s such a good video. Be you bro. Hope you enjoy Japan
i say keep doing it as long as it is fun. the content is still fire. also anyone check the view count on bitch lasagna recently? XD
Exactly. I commend you for speaking your mind. To tell you honestly, you don't even owe anyone any explanation... 😒 Hope I bump into both of you tho. ☺️
you slayed
Every time when Pewds uploads any kind of videos, it excites me. Keep it going and I am always here’s to stay. That’s all I wished to say. Thanks Pewds!
You do just what you do just a layback video from memes and the current updates
He got the good ending :)
I’m so glad you’re having fun and that’s all that matters it always great to see a new upload whatever it is so thanks :)
as long as you're happy and having fun while making the content, i'm happy watching it!
Felix being himself and just mostly uploading vlogs of his trips in Japan are so entertaining too, glad to see him being himself
💓. (nothing else)
Feed the masses, for it is your image that would quench the hunger we have on the existence of this mortal realm. When the day you are extinguished from the mirror world the legion will join in paradise and praise your songs…  But hey man we are still here and glad to hear from you.
I love this new Japan vlog era, no matter what you do well watch
Pewds i will always have you in a special part of my heart. You brighten my day everyday for the past 10 years im watching you. I hope you will never fully retire, because no matter which content you upload it still makes me smile.
I mean... You matured over the years and so did your audience. It makes sense that you create more matured content now, and to be Frank - in my opininion it's better than ever. Maybe not so attractive to the young audience or not as viral, but heck - I didn't watched every new upload back then, but for the last year I do.
It will be a sad sad day when u retire pewds
The Japan VLOGs are nice.  It’s like the part time job you get after retirement.  The Content creator equivalent to a Walmart greeter.
Why is he still here... just to suffer? Every night he can still feel his legs...
GG Pewds
you got fame, you got wealth, now go for the power and you obtain one piece, AHHAHA jk. but just as a fan since i was a teen and learning about life till now, i really dont care what content you make, i will still watch it, so fun it is you should do for yourself. may the day be better for you day by day.
Thank god he’s not quitting, i feel old even thinking of watching pewds for 8-9 years like fuck man, I think everyone here loves you Felix, just keep making yourself happy!
You’re a legend
The content you make seems very good to me with the Vlogs, sharing a bit of your life now that you are in Japan makes it look like you are calmer than before, enjoy doing what you like :D
The bro first….. I sobbed
Im fully enjoying Japan Felix!! The cinematography has been so endearing. I'm so glad you didn't quit frfr
Enjoy life and do just the type of content you like. Thanks for everything.
10 years of my life pewds has been my favorite YouTuber, never missed a video. Id be so sad if he quit but I want whatever he is more comfortable with
After 10 years of watching him i never got sick of him...the deal with pewds for me is the fact that content matured overe time while myself was maturering.
You've made me realize that youtube deserves a deeper meaning and a deeper goal. Thank you
Please don’t quit
Loving the casual Japan 🇯🇵 vlogs and seeing you and Marzia so happy to finally be in Japan
I may not be a fan of 10 years like some people but I’m at a point where I’m happy to see you doing well and enjoying life. Whether that be YouTube videos or small post like the sword making.
Will you play outlast trials when it comes out ?
The best content is when you’re truly happy. It shows, that’s what I like to see at least!
<3
It’s sad when someone can’t say anything without getting backlash. Love you pewds. Bro fist
Yep I actively try to not watch shorts. Cause they are funny and entertaining but also do just feel like a unfulfilling distraction
Don't ever stop uploading, I enjoy all your videos <3
Love. Just love that you’re doin what you want and why you want to.
Keep on fighting BARRRRRRELS
Im so sorry but your headphones looks like gordon ramsay idiot sandwich meme
Pewds please don’t quit as long as you’re having fun.
I know you'll never see this. But Felix I've been around since 8 million. I've watched in good time and really bad times, you have always been there. I watched you grow and grow. You gave me so much comfort and laughs over the years. You Being with Marzia , Getting Edgar, moving to UK , you getting married (AT LAST) and now being where you wanted to be.   The story doesn't end, it will still keep going. You are now at a point where you CAN have fun and do so comfortably. That's  the dream and you got it ! Your content has changed with you , but at the end of the day. We are the Bro army. Have been since day one!  We'll  stay with you , I am so excited to see where you go. Thank you for all the years you've poured into this and I am wishing you the absolute best!  👊
This comment section reads like an obituary..
Whatever changes happens, whatever content you upload and however often you upload just know that WE ARE HERE FOR PEWDS!
Just do what ever makes you happy man thanks for all the years and keep being you
Just punched my phone for that brofist. No regrets
<3
As long as you stay away from bridges you'll be good. All jokes aside its dope to see you always bounce back with new content and bringing a new audience. As long as you enjoy what you're doing then you don't gotta quit. Unless its crack, quit crack.
*didn't
His headset looks odd
I fist bumped my phone 👊 - I’m 35 😅
I enjoyed you growing up, I enjoy you now, but I mostly enjoy you when you're doing what makes you happy!
WE LOVE YOU FELIX 💗💗💗
Rest In Peace Queen, trust in Jesus!
Nice.
If I'm not wrong those headphones are hand built by someone, my friend has a similar pair
We all grow and continue on. As much as I would love to hear that 'Pew News' theme again, I understand. Looking forward to more Japan vlogs!
Thank you Pewds, nice to see you doing well my friend :)
That brofist at the end made my heart so happy! But honestly, I just realised it's been 10 years since I first started to you when I was still in middle school, and now I'm going to graduate university next year ... such a wild ride, but I'm so in for it. I'm thankful for all that you've already done! :)
What a fucking nice person.
Felix please do some more surf vlogging. As a surfer myself I love seeing people pick up the hobby and progress
Do whatever you wanna do and for me i would like to see you posting anything and i will keep watching :)
Well I am happy he isn't quitting. YouTubers who abandon their fans are a holes.
I almost brofisted my monitor so hard, it's been a while 👊
At this point, we have been watching you for so long, all we want is for you to be happy.
Watching pewds over the years he feels more like a father figure now than a big brother figure
at final, this channel is nothing more than a guy called felix doing and showing things he likes. I love it.
I've been subbed to you since you had less than a thousand subscribers, maybe not from this same account, can't really remember, and you were practically there the entire time for me to provide some kind of content and entertainment. I'll continue to watch, maybe not every single video these days, and support you as long as you do this!
Waiting for pewdiwpie 2
y ur headphones wood?
Pewdiepie would find it hard to quit since he's one of the extremely few channels that haven't died. The main reason I could see him quitting is because everyone else that's big is younger and newer and he can't relate to them...
The brofist still felt the same as it did years ago.
To be honest I'm here for you not the content
If I get 1k subs with in 1 week bc of this comment I will Ask pew die 100 days straight to make a song!
you reached the point that you can enjoy doing youtube without the "grinding numbers" problems, and it really feels nice to watch
I knew he was getting bored. He already did whatever goals he put on himself, years ago.
The funny thing for me is I just recently started watching your channel, around when Covid-19 shut everything down. I enjoyed a lot of the content but I look forward to seeing your videos of Japan. I can see the change throughout the years and while some people may be disappointed there are other people who really like your content now!
Lol been watching you for 10 ish years? you're miles ahead and I'm still in the same place....
You do videos for you, Pewds! Those interested will stick around
Those headphones are ridiculous.
If you quit you tube, you wouldn't be able to talk about yourself to millions of people, like you're doing here. Who'd give that up?
The current vlogs are really refreshing, it's a nice change of pace.
every single kid who wanted to do gaming on youtube as a kid came almost certainly from watching you
Fuck if you'll ever read this Pewdie, but idk, just feel like I need to say this, to get it off my chest I guess.  I enjoyed your content back during the horror game days, and was enamored with and enjoyed how you made horror games, my least favorite genre for the most part, funny and enjoyable.  I loved the old memes like the BARRELS and Stephano, and damn, when those days and that content kind of stopped from you...it sucked, and I was definitely bummed and felt slighted.  I'm 23 now, and your newer content just doesn't appeal to me, and that's okay. Looking back, it's whatever, and I came to the acceptance that you're gonna do the content YOU enjoy, and if I stop watching, then it is what it is.  You gave me enjoyable content in a time when I definitely needed it, and I've found new content for new times.  Idk what point I'm trying to make, but it's glad to see you're still doing.  Thank you for the funny memories.
I've actually really been enjoying your "post-retirement" videos a lot more, the relaxed schedule, relaxing japan vlogs, maybe it kind of helps me forget my stress of the day as well?
Why dont you atart streaming on youtube 😬😬😬😬😬
not quit
cool story bro
god the brofist, if it makes a comeback id cry. but you do whatever, its not like were going anywhere and its not also like were sitting on the edge of our seats for your next upload, but we also dont want you to grow, youre just a friend at this point, even though we should know you dont view us as friends thats what you are to us and we want the best for our friend. So do what you please and we'll still be here.
Your happiness = to our happiness
Beastmaster64 in japan vlog?
You do you I just want more pug vlogs even though it could just be them sleeping lol
Yay I love clickbait over and over love to see how the channel just turned into this yaaaay it sucks
YouTube is crapping their pants
I enjoy your new japan vlogs, theyre a good life escape 😄
Happy to hear that
We’re here for the amazing person you are, the content you make is honestly just a bonus.
I want to express when I saw Pewdiepie video with horror games in 10 years ago. I was in freshman high school and it was my first time I watch on Youtube from my old account. I didn't think I would enjoy watching Youtube, but Pewdiepie made me became a fan. I remember his channel blow up when he gain more subs, I was mind blown away when he made his dreams became realty.  I'm still enjoy watching him because he is a legend.   He is very inspiring, and I'm thankful for him to stick around. Remember, follow your dreams everyone :)
Felix is such a legend for still sticking around after all these years and continuing to constantly change up his content! (Also those wooden head phones look dope)
play more games... i miss when you scream on barrels :)
Idk what you’re gonna think but you should try out photography and make some cinematic videos of Japan
I haven’t seen Felix in a couple years since maybe his gaming on bully even his accent is gone really heart warming to see him begin succeed and retire
It’s a didn’t quit video
You Either Die A Hero, Or You Live Long Enough To See Yourself Become The Villain
I'm not crying you are crying😭😭
Just don't forget that you are not beholden to anyone except your wife and yourself. Don't let the world dictate your life for more fame or mo ey or whatever, it just leads to unhappiness
Shoulda quit when you said the N word
God, it is so refreshing to see Felix feeling this way, and inspiring too. I agree 100% that the channel is way more mature now, I guess is the natural development of time in all of us, thanks for all Felix and enjoy the waves man!
you talkin about this is helpin me a lot on my youtube channel, thank you so much pewds:3
I felt like I’ve knew Felix for so long now.
This is a video where I can FEEL that Felix is being almost completely transparent. Not concerned about money, image, or anything like that, really. This video is awesome
I’m glad he’s where he’s at he’s done it all and I think it’s good he finally got to Japan and just wants to enjoy it
i really love hearing from you. your honesty is so appreciated. your point of view is unique.
Eat your cereal
Nice LCD2s
You’re not allowed to quit.
Love you dude, have helped me out immensely since I’ve started watching your channel, and especially over the last few years, and more than happy for you and marzia !
Thanks for still uploading!
I appreciate you regardless . i changed a lot through ur workout videos and reading books / philosophy videos. thanks !
i dont watch pewds because he made a video about memes or drama, i watch him because i realy like him and i realy like his opinions and sense of humour
We love u Felix
You do you buddy 😊
I mean it's fair that you were addicted to uploading because i'm addicted to watching your videos XD much much love <3
We are just glad you are enjoying it again and having a great life in japan as you both wanted!
👍Fortnite battlepass
Good luck :D
I really love to see how I grew up with your content and that I still watch you to this day because it shows how even you are growing and changing.
maybe just do live streams and stuff, it's chilling time. (please let sive out of your basement bro, stop stealing his soul pewds)
The neutral ending
Just feels like keeping in touch with an old friend at this point. Always enjoy seeing Felix post a video.
Going from 0 subs to 111 mill will inspire me and others to keep creating stuff forever, even after you do actually quit. Pewds shall live on for time and memorium as that guy that bro fisted his way into our hearts.👊🏻
You should do fridays with pewdiepie again
I’ve been here since 2011 since my sophomore year & now i’m going into being 31 & a full time job, I still love your content because it feels like i’ve grown with an older friend and a brother, we love you Pewds. 😭
love you always pewds
Ääj du pewds, lämna inte oss vi älskar dig bror❤️
Why the headphones tho
You're just so inspiring, I believe you'll always make the right decision and stay true to yourself
mans got the waffle griller headphones
This man is bored of success 💀
JOIN RUMBLE
Thanks for not quitting, always happy to just check in and see how things are going. Being happy for you makes me feel like at least one part of the world is okay.
You grew up Felix. That’s just it. You’ve done so much and gotten so far, we just love seeing you happy and settled like this. So, keep doing what brings you joy and we’ll stick around for the journey. 👊🏽✨
I for one still enjoy the videos and would like to see the journey continue.
We always gonna love your content Pewds. 90% of us grew up watching your videos and honestly we've been enjoying every single video to date, so you do you and enjoy urself :))))
Just love and more love to you pewds! I wouldn’t mind seeing your friendly face till all of us are really old. Used to watch you as an 18 year old and now nearing 30, you’ve been one of the few constants in my life. I don’t care if you post one video a year! Hope you stay happy and at peace. Brofist! 🤜
I want to know who the first subscriber is
I started watching you two years ago. At the same time I also started watching a lot of Japan YouTubers. So it's been interesting to see you integrate in that world. I feel like the last two years you have chilled out and maybe that's why I got into your videos. I think for a while YouTubers we're just so polished and act-y that it almost seemed fake. It's nice to see some YouTubers change like you and Simplynailogical.
Felix is the best. Live your life and do what you want! We all support you! :D
You are litteraly the youtube king(ok after cocomelon and t series but forget those crap Chanels lol) we ask no more that that,if y9u want to quit,keep uploading from time to time,it's ok🤗😎👍💙
O my man those headphones damnnn
bro big
Who will be our new Pewds!? Everyone else is too loud. Felix was just the right level of loud for me🥹
In my opinion keep the channel active until you get at a very old age like 80 or 90 years old so that we rewatch all your videos through your life change That will be your BIGGEST achievement yet, you will become a monument on YouTube and perhaps a historical one that's for sure dear Felix.  Glad to have you around, and trust me your children will appreciate you left them something to watch as well as your grandsons and granddaughters.
You just grew up i think. I still miss the random intro's you creeping from your closet and stuff like that i feel it is THAT personality thast made you big on youtube and i would liek to see some more of that return seeing you behyave older but you are not old old to calm down completely xD also Bring back cardboard danny devito we miss him allot  xDD
Don't quit, haters are always going to hate. I like your recent content, its fun to see you enjoying videos! Your a unique channel, and we need all the positive content creators we can get! God bless you and your channel and future. ❤❤❤
With ups and downs you got to the point of living a dream life to a degree people dont even dream off. You worked for all of it and in the end I recommend likr you already decided, do what makes you happy because its such a luxury in these times. Without being too depressing its nice to see someone enjoy life while many of us cannot.  You grown into to a smart man and wonderful individual  whatever comes next its the results of that development. Good luck.
Felix has won life.
do you. stick around
I have been watching since I was in primary school .. it’s been years. I am still here many years later watching your content ! it will be very sad whenever you decide to leave the platform but I will always be extremely thankful for the memories you’ve created for us ! it’s like we have grown up with you ❤️ love you pewds
My idol when i was elem and still now in college
thanks for not quitting pewds
I for one enjoy your Japan blogs. It’s relaxing
you say its not about money but from now on if you make 2m you donate 1m
Honestly it’s the best way to have you still upload random content whenever you want the way you want just to have an update here and there as a fan, nothing is meant to be forever. But seeing your face in the timeline casually brings back the old happy memories indeed.
I remember fridays with pewdiepie I’ve been a fan since I was a kid lol
I've been watching you since middle school, and truly feel like you guided me through my life; being immature, and young... and maturing! I've graduated now, and I'm excited for my new career and life as an adult, its comforting to see the silly youtuber I grew up watching mature, and find happiness too
Hola alguien habla hispana por aquí?
I hope he plays games lol but have fun
No matter what you do we love you and all you've accomplished. Just do whatever makes you happy.
Been a fan for years - but now I just want him to quit so I don’t have to hear him say “we moved to Japan” one more time.
This feels like the good ending in a movie after a long time passed and everyone grew up but....its not the end and this makes me happy
Love the vlogs and will always support u ❤️
What a legend
Very good explanation about your evolution and how you feel ..keep it up and enjoy Piewdiepie , we are still here having fun too .
Im happy that i was a part of this journey from the beginning! I will still stay and follow you everywhere! You are one of the reasons why i started youtube and found that i really love to entertain people in life. Make them laugh and smile. Stay true to your self felix we will always love you!
😭😭🥺🥺😊😊😊
Good that u didint quit i really like ur videos
I’m not crying, you are. Everyone matures and everyone grows, It’s a part of the journey and as a long time watcher and supporter do what makes you smile. The support from people who genuinely want you to be happy is real and even if it means less videos or you stop posting all together just know the time we had was a good ride.
I'm just here enjoying what you upload and chilling.  Will always support you, I feel like both you and us are growing and changing so sharing/watching your changes is completely normal and organic :D
We love you as a person even tho we don't fully know you but we know some part of you haha. We will support any content you produce and respect your decisions 😖💓 Of course it's not that we don't care about your content, they are always intresting and makes me learn new things sometimes
Pewds we are always here, man. I just hope your content gets more wholesome like this, really makes my day to watch ur vids, whenever you upload, happy to see you the way you want to be Felix.
Yes whats the point of making content?  Tnx for calling us trash  The audienc is nothing  And this is  the end of supporting a absurd guy
I'm not here for your Content... I'm here for YOU :)
Hallo enjoy　JAPAN？
I feel like as your channel grew and progressed through the years, the content and energy changed and the fans who have been here since 2012 or so have changed with you, I will always love the pewdiepie I started watching when I was on my moms phone hiding in my room so she couldn't  hear the curse words but I also love the new pewds doing vlogs and fun videos with friends and enjoying life. Like you said there are a lot of loyal fans left and we all love the content you make cause most of the time it is genuine to the time you are in. I feel like everytime you've evolved its sorta been natural since I never found myself thinking "I miss the old pewdiepie," it was more of "I'm excited for the new content."
Thus the philosophy arc begins =)
Always enjoyed your content and glad you found your place (wanted to start with positive instead of harping immediately lol), but damn move that mic you keep hitting it.
I’m so glad you won’t quit
I don't know why it took a 7 minute video to say "I'm a narcissist."
that brofist at the end felt so natural :) Keep doing what you love Felix, we will be here enjoying every single video
I started watching your vids right when you started playing happy wheels and I can say that never felt let down or left behind when your vids went through changes. It honestly feels like I grew up with you. Your vids used to be child-oriented when i was a child, You became edgy and all that when I was an Edgy Teen and then you went on to do more commentary and review type stuff when I got into deeper stuff or philosophic stuff. (Thats a decade in a nutshell , jesus christ...) You honestly felt like a companion on my way through late childhood to early adulthood, perfectly reflecting what I was doing/ in to at the time, and I thank you for that.
Honestly I really have enjoyed your latest videos that you just do for fun.
So proud of you Felix
Brofist❤️
I wanna see pewds happy with his kids… he worked so hard and so wholesome all throughout the years
Go on a subscriber war against mr beast. Start your campaign asap
I can't with how happy you look and sound in this video. Your face is like a sun haha. So glad your life has worked out and you're in a good place! And thank you for still making videos for fun! Keep up the good work.
Do what you want for your channel. If I want to watch something specific I'll look it up but I like content you enjoy to make. Brofist
What’s the brand of his headsets ? I’m dying to know
he sound like Gol D Roger in one piece. what a hero
Do what you want, it’s your life.
Pewds, you dont owe us anything. You have given us soo much, do whatever makes you happy. If its one vlog video a week then so be it. We will always be there, just like you were always there for us. Be happy, enjoy life and toss us a bone every now and then :)
He should be the ambassador of YouTube. No drama, but someone who can remind everyone why YouTube worked so well... I love him man.
Pewds just do the things you love, I will watch and when in not interested il just skip a video and watch the next. I have centainly enjoyed you vids over the years so just go at your own pace.
The bro fist 🥲
Appreciate you too, Pewds. Your videos helped me a lot, going through my depression, then corona shit happened, and now the war in my country... And you know, still, I love that place on youtube, where I can have some fun time without all shit happening around me. Just relax with you and positive stuff. Huge Thanks to you, Felix
Do whatever you want, dude. I'll still be here, lol.
You actually look like a small brain person with those headphones Felix.❤️
We all know its because of the money once you quit they don't care they ain't giving you a single $ if you quit -_-
loving your vlogs. just keep doing what you love, I love this. thank you :)
Hey man. If you’re already financially stable, you don’t need to upload anymore! Just upload for fun or if you get bored! We’ll always be here for you.
Don't leave my dude
Would love to see a few meme review videos every once in a while but ultimately just do whatever you think is best.
Enjoy your dream bro 🥰
that's a really black shirt
Make another youtube channel named filex kjellberg and be who you want to be not from start just do it for fun and get back on this main channel when you get back any time you like:   no need to explain  more you understand and well think about it more we love you bro and thanks for all this time been with us
I've been drifting away from your channel for quite a while now but this is nice to see. I got this recommended to me on my home page. Also, when I first watched your videos all those years ago I didn't find it myself, my brother did. I didn't like the violence in most of your videos because I was still a kid but I loved your reactions. I've been liking your Japan vids a little too much that it's too wholesome for me. I might try watching later
We love you bro, do what you love! Real bros stay! 👊❤️
You should quit.
Bro Fist 👊
You can never satisfy everyone. Everyone has different likes and dislikes. But you know what? We all like Felix, despite all the different things he does.
The headphones are more distracting than they should be. Also you do you man :)
PLEEEEAAAASSSSEEEEE DO NOT QUIT I love the commentaries and do what you want We will watch and LOVE it..Just found you and LOVE you in japan!
Japan & Minecraft <3
As a very new vlogger - who is looking to improve my videos and just keep going - this is So good to know! I think it’s so easy to feel down and get carried away with numbers etc!
It might be selfish of me to say, but i really dont want you to quit, i enjoy watching your vids and i think ive watched every single one you ever put out
I’m so jealous of your headphones, I’ve been trying to get into hifi audio/audiophile gear. Will you be making a video on them or any other hifi stuff you own?
I don't believe in idolising people. But you are one of those people that I admire the most. You are the reason I got into philosophy and exercise. Two of the most important things for any human being. You opened my eyes to a world narrative I hadn't seen before. I love you and always will. It's too soon to retire anyway. I hope and pray that you have a long and prosperous life ahead of you. I would love to go to many more of your  journeys with you, marzia and friends.
lol sice editing in -1000 cause if he changed in in the page the number wouldnt even change anything 🤣
book review! please
Looking forward to Felix uploading videos in his 70's
[Please never quit,no matter what🥺💖.]
Pewds, whatever you do, we will always support you no matter what!
Hes in the history of youtube
got the most respect for your mindset, more people should think that way...
You where my first youtuber i watched and you will always be my number 1 !
MAKE MORE joergen MERCH
No Disassemble Number Five!
i always feel good while watching your video! thanks
u ight
Who is this guy again?
Pewds, never stop making video untell YOU find that it's best to stop. You've inspired me in some many ways and I'm so thankfull for that.
It’s nice to get an occasional pewds video, even the vlogs. You deserve the relaxation arc and as a long time fan, it’s awesome to see you finally get that opportunity to not have to worry or look over your shoulder. Live your best life bro. Your fans will enjoy watching that just as much as gaming content.
I'm glad to see you're still here, I've been on your channel since I first used Youtube. You and Ken make my day with your videos, when I watch them I feel like I'm right there with you both. When the day comes that you do quit, just know what a difference you've made for so many people :)
Very interesting.
what headphones is he wearing
smoke a pack o f cigarettes on stream
Felix,we love YOU, not the games or any other content! Enjoy your life, you deserve it! We enjoy the fact that you're having fun just as much! :)
Sick headphones Felix👌
Pewds I’m personally giving you a Nigga pass 🤣
Barrels🍻
Still here
@2:58- unexpected tonal bliss
When Felix quits it will be a sad day in youtube history
I love you much 🥹
Glad you stayed Felix
You're cool man, glad to have you in my life :)
Hell yea pewds. Hell yea.
Felix went from goofy kid to mature and wholesome man and I absolutely love and support it.
🥺🖤❤️
:0
I used to watch the horror video games series with my sister back when. Was pretty fun
Watching your channel develop over the last 10 years has been incredible. You've brought so much joy to people, there have been many times where I've had a crap day and Pewds has been there to lift my spirits. It's been an incredible journey Felix and I'm glad you could share it with us.   Wishing you & Marzia all the best in the future.
I love your style of content more now than ever!
Havent watched you for a long time, since you made those japan vlogs i watch almost every video, they are so relaxing and so fun to watch! love it. keep doing what makes you happy and what brings you fun!
collabe with offline TV
Live life as you want and hopefully share some of that with us. We'll gladly see it.
just dont concerned about us and just dont frikin quit 🙏
This is one reason I really respect Pewdiepie. I have been a fan for many years and first started watching him around when Jackseptieye and Markiplier were growing channels. I stuck through all controversies and content changes and enjoyed all of the different phases. Pewdiepie reminds us that it's another person behind the screen. Someone who makes mistakes and has flaws but doesn't try to hide them and pretend to be someone he is not. Videos like this remind me how lucky we are that our "heroes" continue to make content when there were times they were so close to quitting.
what the hell are those HEAD PHONES?
good on you but also the clickbaity-youtuber editing constant zooms are so tone deaf ha
Hey pewdiepie, I've been watching 10 years ago, thank you. it's been great and it isn't over glad to to be here. And happy you are here, you're good enough it's fun watching your vedios and seeing you do well. For a while I didn't watch everything you made but never felt let down by you. Seeing you grow and change in ways that were more true to you has motivated and inspired me thank you felix. This is too short to say everything but Thanks and do what you like best and have fun 👊
Pewds a goat
Ah yea, The mighty fist
Nnn
Pewdiepie will quit by making 3 second video where he says the n-word and leaves
Personally, I was a big fan of the book club stuff. Thought is was a nice way to interact with the community.
Finally upgraded to some nice Audeze LCD headphones, lol. Took him long enough.
Thank you Pewds, I am grateful for you always being here on youtube, do what feels right for you, you are a youtuber/artist and as long you express yourself honestly and not lying to yourself, evolving in the right way, that is what matters and makes me happy
I'm almost the same age as you and when I saw your gaming videos for the first time back in the day, i felt super excited that it was actually possible to make videos about them and make it become a job, not easy, but possible. I even uploaded a few times like 12 years ago but never dedicated too much into it for many reasons, but it has always been at the back of my mind. It's something that you inspired me and still do, because entertainment has helped me cope with many issues and not go crazy. You are a great creator, evolving is important and I'm proud that you are doing what you want because if we just look at the numbers, we eventually lose our soul. However, and I'm not sure if you already do this, but if you still enjoy to work with views and numbers and statistics, why don't you do something related to working with that as a consultant or something for creators? Again, sorry if you already do, I don't always follow youtube all the time. Cheers!
After so many years, I still brofist the screen...  As someone metioned, watching your videos is just like hanging out with a friend, it will always be great to have you here.
There are so many things I want to say, but most of all, thank you for being the creator you are, Felix. ❤️
The japan vlogs is so good. Very calming, slow and relaxing. I especially love how you go to a lot of museums and exhibits too. It shows how much you really love the culture there and how much you’re really trying to learn it in an enjoying way. It’s actually very inspiring to see you try and improve yourself in ways much more mature than I thought lol. I hope you keep prioritizing your happiness and sharing them with us!
Remember You either die a hero  Or live long enough to see yourself become a villain
Been here since 100,000 subs seen you grow, seen you become a beautiful person with each year. I am always so proud of how far you came!
Pewdiepie looking good and healthy and happy, you love to see it :)
Pewdiepie is just a regular man that does what he likes, easy as that :)
Woah wooden headset design? Cool
♥️ let’s gooo broooooo
GOAT. keep sharing we'll keep watching
stop stressing so much everyone loves your vlogs!
i got so scared he was acc gonna quit which id totally support, id just miss all of his content sm
now that all has been achieved, you should just do content you actually want to :)
At least you could upload shit you want to play/do and see who's your real fans (not me)
you're doing a great job ! Through all the ups and downs in your career I still enjoy watching your videos. You're the first youtuber i watched
Bros like the Saitama of YouTube  He’s become the biggest on the platform and now there is no incentive to keep pushing
You probably wont see this. But your channel going forward should be videos you want to see.
Love you Felix! Been watching you since I was 10, a whole 10 years ago. Have a wonderful time in Japan! Make videos however you want we all enjoy seeing you!
Pewds, you do you. You first. But we love the Japan stuff... so if you need to quit, 100% you do you. We support you, but a Japan video every now and again. Would be nice :D
youve been a part of my life for the better part of it and i know i and millions of others have accepted and loved all the different types of content you've put out for us to enjoy. WE LOVE YOU PEWDS
thank you pewds. no matter what happens, we're always here for you! i hope you enjoy japan!
Pewds I’m just waiting for the next book review lol anyways keep doing what u want to do because their is this cool vibe when YouTubers do what they want and makes the viewer feel good
So many people look up to you. Whether you see yourself as an inspiration or not you truly are and should be as proud of yourself as we are of you. You were the first YouTuber I’ve ever watched when I was in middle school and fell in love with you and your content like millions of others. Thank you truly for everything we will always support you❤️
Pewds, you do whatever you want! Enjoy your time with your family in this whole new life you are starting and we will always be here to support you! Thank you for sharing with us. Be Happy, that is the most important thing in life!
Here's a thought if you do decide to read this: why not start tips videos? You've made it to the top, why not give some of us small channels some pointers on what changes you made as you kept growing? Just an idea
Bro yo hair whitee
Felix has one of the healthiest mindsets out of anyone I’ve ever watched online. He’s a great example of a growth mindset. Moderation and determination all in one. My favorite videos from his channel were the book reviews.
I’m so happy that you still enjoy making YouTube content! Everything you’ve made of late has been so incredibly fun!! I cannot wait to see what you continue to do! You’re awesome, Felix!! *brofist*
Do what you love to do pewds we still love you and we will still support you
This channel gonna die slowly…it’s on that path..even great empires falls…
I don't want you to quit if it means anything lol
Upload whenever you feel like it, Make it a hobby opposed to a job. It'll make it less of a chore, and maybe you'll enjoy it more. Everyone has a life, and it's too short to constantly make everyone happy but yourself.
who the hell is this guy
love you
For me personally, I dont think your channel peaked a long time ago, the last 2 years and espacially since the moving to japan, I liked your channel more than ever, its awesome to see you do what you want imo, keep that up! Amazing stuff here really! :)
I think it's really nice that you are giving yourself the chance to evolve and not be tied down by things that you "use" to do. You are maturing, becoming more involved with yourself and your family (doggos and the wifey) and I think it should be apprenticed to see that change in your channel. Because everyone grows up and their interests change and that is just life. I am looking forward to the new and IMPROVED content you will bring into the world because I know it will make people laugh and wonder what book to read next. You are awesome Pewds and definitely one of my role models!!!
💪
Don't quit. We need more bitch lasagna
quit
Your content is like a heaven to us
Yeay..
Good on you mate! You should just enjoy Japan as much as you want and post clips when you feel like it. I'm pretty sure you earned it so "JUST DO IT"😄
when will Peds go see Joe Rogan ?
It’s the dankpods headphones
YT without Pewds  will not be   that  YT that i know ....
Thank you for not leaving! I always love your videos 😭
omg please don't quit the new era of my career depends on you.
It's so comforting and inspiring just to hear you talk like this, really, this is somehow my kind of favorite videos of yours. I'm so happy for your incredibly successful journey and you have  accompanied me one way or a other every year ever since 2016 (yes, kinda dark age of the channel but it was so so fun lol), and dude, whatever you do, we'll support you and be there for you. The most important part is that you're happy and feel mentally stable. You've inspired me to follow what I truly want. Thank you so much for everything, you're the best for real!
Pewds will never peak, it seems like after each obstacle he always just gets happier. Glad to hear he's doing whatever he wants and everyone is all the better for it!
Gosh this guy is a quality you can't get anywhere else .
U always gonna be a legend in the scene Felix, I remember watching you and stefano scream at monsters like it was yesterday. Enjoy Japan !!!!! We are all so proud of you dude.
Bro fist
Love the japan vlogs especially from someone who cant afford to visit japan right now. Makes me feel like i get to experience the country with my favorite youtuber. Much love pewds
Pewds is still reigning supreme
Not really much of a commentor, but I've personally enjoyed your Japan vlog style content and I think you should do whatever you like. Thanks for the content and keep doing what you doing... as long as it makes you happy👍
I’ve just got mad respect for Felix. He can do whatever he wants forever and I’ll enjoy seeing what he’s up to. I’ve got my fingers crossed he keeps doing things like Book Review because it feels like he enjoys those videos and I think they’re amazing.
you should stop beeping cuss words and stuff, let youtube know that this isn't a goddamn court house you don't need to bleep out a word that shouldn't offend anyone and if normal cuss words like fuck, shit, damn, ass, and bitch offend someone please for everyone's sake just stop breathing
😂 happy retirement if you chose so!  Nonetheless, « Bro-fist » for all the « consultant » stuff you put out 👍😁. ..and therefore, as a « consultant », you will probably never fully « retire » 🤣😅 It’s the same for anyone having an impact/representing any industry/field of expertise/compentency.  Cheers!  Live long and prosper! 👏🎉
YOUR CHANNEL IS DEEP AND DARK
Dont quit
Simple advice Felix: "Do what makes you happy." That's it.
PEWD'S DON'T QUIT I LOVE YOU, YOU'RE THE BEST YOUTUBER EVER YOU HAVE HELPED ME FROM MY ANXIETY SO MUCH <3
fridays with pewdiepie?
Thank you for being here for a long time, Felix. having fun is the most important thing after all. don't just quit because people told you to quit. we're gonna keep on supporting you 👊
We love ya pewds! Just do you and we will be happy <3
YouTube will not be the same for me without you Felix! But I also care about your happiness… so just do what every that makes you happy 😊😊😊
YouTube is a job you don’t have to quit just post whenever and whatever you want  and retire
Your videos made my day since 2013 i joined youtube to follow you. I still love all your content. We all change. You will never let me down.
"12th on trending for gaming"
Been watching you since i was in middle school, and this october i will graduate with a bachelor degree (legit i feel like growing older and mature together with this channel lol) At some point, i stopped watching your videos for awhile cause the content was not for me but i always come back to look around so i am very excited for your upcoming contents pewds!
I just want to say I really enjoy the new content and seeing Japan. And I've always enjoyed that you have changed your content over the years.
Y'all maybe do t realize this but .. the grown man pro swag that those headphones brings is something else.... The backless headset and the set up is really up there!
Play  the last of us remake
Please just do what you want to do! I'm glad you are living in Japan!!!!
I was thinking why he looks so different and then I realized I can actually see him
Felix I think a lot of youtubers should listen/look up to your career. Everyone is scared of losing their youtube career and you remain steady. I think it takes someone who is undoubtedly mature, level-headed, and just in the right place in their life to get to this point that you have arrived at. You are still pulling millions of views. Although, I'm not a big fan of the  Japan vlogs and have my own "PDP era" that is my favorite, (note: it tends to be, from what i've seen, the era that the viewer originally found you at, because that was the most fun moment of discovering a new channel and content that was so much fun) but I still care no matter what content you're currently making or not making.  You take long breaks between videos and upload when YOU want, or when YOU'RE ready, and I think a lot of youtubers would KILL for that kind of system. If they would just not worry about the views, or the content being exciting enough, I think anyone who start to enjoy youtube as a creator so much more if they did this too. it is authentic, and I think in this crazy world right now, thats exactly what we want. Authenticity.   There's enough drama, tea, meme, news, podcasts out there that are established and I dont think anyone needs more of them. You're still getting millions and you're happy, and I think thats the true recipe for managing the life of a youtuber.   We love you <3 and I believe all of us will still be here regardless of what content YOU choose to make, and be supportive of you.
Great seeing you and your channel grow and mature overtime Pewds. You have came a long way and I'm glad to have witnessed the journey :)
Yesterday I was watching his "rating Japanese snacks" video and it was clearly visible that you were enjoying it. I mean I was wondering why you decided to quit if you can still enjoy doing this, I support the decision either way
This is like a guy who finished the main storyline of the game, and is sticking around for the post-game content years afterwards because he's become attached to it.
Pewdiepie im just glad to see that you are happier! Nice to see you upload once in a while when you feel like it 😊
111Mil and rising. The legend.
scare pewdiepie 2 when?
so.... another amnesia playthrough?
Please don’t quit your the goat
Steve rtc hacked your hot dog vendor brain and made you famous. You don't have that many real subscribers
I love you Felix !
i love you, pewds. always has been, since 12 years ago. No matter what you do, no matter where you are, we'll always be here, supporting you. Best wishes to you and marzia and the dogs!!!
At First, I Thought He'll quit, but when he said i'm still here, It was a relief 😊
Happy you didn't quit-quit. Happy you're still here.
We will always support you !
Now that I think about it anyone who has ever said negative has said the n word so really we should all be cancelled.
bro  continue with japan adventure and vlogs wanna see the japan with your perspective homie
No don't quit. We like your new vlogs. I feel peaceful while watching them. 😌
I used to never watch your videos except your vlog style videos and now I get really comfy japan vlogs with people in it who are lovable and I respect.
AUDEZE spotted!
Dot quit keep up the good work 🙂🙂🙂
When I found your channel I was obsessed with your horror videos, but I ended up staying because of you, Felix. You're a person that I admire despite the missteps and flaws because that reminds me I look up not to a superhero but to a normal human being. Your videos have been keeping me company ever since and all I can say is that I love you so much, man. Now and forever.  Big brofist from the bottom of my kokoro! 👊🏼❤️
I always loved your content pewds 👍
also because sive needs a job
There was a moment I didn’t liked ur content anymore, some time I was obsessed with it, I think it’s part of a career, what matters is that ur still here sharing ❤️
The best to do it. Thank you Pewds 👊🥲
Dude literally quit YouTube a long time ago... Still puts out more videos than internet historian and that British cross dresser combined 😭🤣
It's really awesome to see my favorite youtuber happy and accomplished, You will always inspire us Pewds, thanks for everything!!
"The End" is nice and all, but that's the thing... There's no real happily ever afters. The story always continues, it just might not be visible.  That said, have fun and be happy!
Keep being you man. Your right for not having YouTube/job as your main focus in life and in what gives you happiness but you are using the platform to just have fun and share your thoughts and adventures with other people who enjoy the same thing!
Yea your here cause you love it man do what you want ive been here since like middle school i graduated last year now and i seen u go through alot and that t series vs pewds moment was sooo fun man 😂
Dude, i am just so happy that you feel happy now, with where you are physically, your life and with your youtube channel 🤘🏼 As long as you enjoy what you created here, i will personally be too, thank you for all the amazing content you gave us through the years. I really really hope everything will go well in Japan for all of you, you deserve it. Until the next video, take care 😉
Good don’t quit please. You’re videos now are great just like your old uploads
At this point felix wants to appear on trash taste before officially quitting yt just to not be ankward when asked for shout outs to the channel at the end
Pewds I followed you all the way and I love how you developed  I’m still young aand I’ve got long way to go but watching you develop makes me know who I want to be and your inspiration to me  Love you man
Dei otha nee innum uyiroda tha irukiya
No more retracting apology donations or sponsored game reviews?
Youtube would never be the same without you king 💕 thank you for thr many years of greatness:) hope to see many more of your videos in the future
Don’t quit dad 🗿
The first vid from felix i watched was happy wheels 30 sonething, and i didnt know how emails worked, and i was so upset i couldnt subscribe to be apart of the bro army. Takes me back :)
I've been watching you since I was a kid and I'm so glad to still have you around. It doesn't matter what you upload cause in the end I'm here for you and I hope that you continue to enjoy youtube as well as your life outside of it. Thank you for all these years of entertainment and company. I wish you all the best!
it's always comforting having you on YouTube. idk it's a really weird feeling of knowing you're fine and are having fun which feels nice. and there's one huge factor you didn't mention which you have been doing for more than 10 years. and that's helping others. your collaborations, shout outs, and reactions have helped a lot of other youtubers create communities and build their channels way faster than what the YouTube algorithm would've let them. and the world can never get enough of that. it will never have a limit. many famous youtubers have become huge after your help. i'm sure you already know this but we the Bros/floor gang are okay with any type of videos as long as we get to see more you.
Pewds, no worries. As you grew older your audience that is watching you also did. We all have our daily routine and getting into new chapters of our lives just as you. So just seeing some videos of you enjoying Japan once in a while is already, personally,  making me really happy. No need to keep an eye on the views or growing your channel. Just enjoy Yotube as you are already doing! <3
Man I just feel like it sucks that he has to justify the reason he still decides to upload, seems kinda skewed
What a beautiful man. Been following since 2012 and so proud of what our boi has accomplished.  Good job,  you,  have fun doing whatever you wanna do c:
fuck youtube wth is that headset
Youve become a really good role model for me and hopefully others who need it. The way you've changed from a screaming teen to mature and thoughtful content creator is incredibly inspiring.
goofyass headphones💀💀
I really enjoyed your channel a lot at the beginning and then for many years it wasn't my cup of tea, apart from a few videos, but now with the Japan Vlogs every new video makes my day. And as soon as I am done watching the latest Japan Vlog I am already excited for the next one!
Pewdie, been wit u awhile, to see myself grow up and form my own opinions, to see the same in you and how you are so respectful and moral, really makes me happy that you are doing what you love, but also how you feel it is right. That attitude is what brought all the big numbers and exposure . Brofist at the end made me tear up a lil bit
i will watch you no matter what it is pewds
The earliest memory I have of watching your videos is when you used to play The house 2 and prop hunt when I was like 8 years old, I found you different from the rest of the YouTubers I used to watch like smosh, tobuscus and gmm. Now I’m 19 years old and a lot of things have changed in my life except tuning in to watch your videos which make my days better, Thankyou for all the memories;)
YouTube is not YouTube without THE PewDiePie.
sive we needed the leonardio scene from wolf of wall street... IM NOT F'IN LEAVIN!
I was 13/14 when I found you pewds. I’m now 22. And I’ll never leave a brofist hanging 🤣 do what makes you happy. Your channel pathed the way for many others that’s for sure!
Baby?
Just noticed he's been super infrequent and no longer recommended
you're probably never gonna see this, but you've inspired me so much to become a better person for myself and for those around me, you've always comforted all ofnus bros ever since i can remember. i cried watching this video because it felt like catching up wth an old friend :"> i mean u dont know us but seeing u grow and growing up watching you, pewds u a rly good pappi bro :">> i wouldnt be the person i am today without your videos, i can thank you more because its helped me find so much amazing ppl who grew up watching you too :)), take care felix, it was nice seeing u speak your mind. brofist 😭😭😭😭
Never quit, keep up the good content :)
I love how chill and wholesome his content is now 🧘🏻‍♀️❤️ I can totally relate to Pewds saying that youtube shorts is distracting and stressfull.  I feel like younger content creators are becoming more and more fast and that really  stresses me out. Its like every platform is trying top become tik tok in a way. Anyone can relate?  Pewds Videos - especially from Japan - are calming and just so nice to enjoy
gg gamers its been a fun road!!😥😥
BROFISTTT*☆
When mr beast defeats you quit humbly in defeat
Because the moneys good.
Somethings never change.... ❤️
Wtf DONT quit
Forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever.........
Real talk. Work as hard and as long as you do to get where you are, and you're more than allowed to do it your way for you. Props my guy
Pewds:  "What am I going to do with more? I don't know."  Also Pewds:  "Subscribe, buy my products, give me money money money."
felix i may not watch every single video you put out like i used to back in the day, but i still enjoy tuning in every so often and checking up on what i missed and how you’re doing, i grew up a lot through the years watching your content and i hope that as long as you’re enjoying what you do that you NEVER quit youtube. i hope to tune in one day a bunch of years down the line and see some gray hairs on that head but the same old smile from the first vid i ever watched, much love to you felix and to marzia edgar and maya as well hoping for nothing but the best for all of you as always 💯
I like the way it is now. I'd say do what you want and keep sharing if it's still fun!
You are the best and you will always be the best. Sure you have changed and you upload differently but we have also changed and grown with you. Thank u for sharing and taking us along your amazing journey. Even if you upload once a year we will still wait for you .You will always be my inspiration
The brofist feels so nice
We love you man do what you wanna do we going to support you whatever you want to do. Thanks for all those years of content and just for being this genuine amazing guy. Enjoy yourself enjoy Japan hopefully I can move to this beautifull country too in the future. Thank you for everything Felix.
Should have a long time ago
Why would you quit? If something makes you happy, no matter how far along you are, do it.
Well deserved Pewds! <3
damn dude, i literally grew up with you man, i started following you with amnesia the dark descent, i was just a kid and your videos literally always made my day, now i am 19 and i am going to the university, and actually thinking back, we are the one that should say thank you.  you gave us a lot of memories and a lot of good times, so thanks man, keep it up, do what you feel to do, you deserve it
BROFIST 👊
Dude you're an adult no stress. You're at the point where you've accomplished enough where you can afford to take a loss to adapt your job to your life and not the other way around. Like a film director whos made big budget blockbusters taking a loss to make a niche movie he really likes.
do you homie, please, just do you. the ones who appreciate you will stay, and thats all that matters
Bro NGL your headset goes hard. it looks so clean
Veteran pewds I salute u 🫡 keep posting whatever u want bro I’m all for it!
I think your videos have never been better. Turns out we've been growing up with you 😅
Never really cared for your content but always respected your standing amongst the YouTube community as a whole. As someone trying to create content I don't want a large audience at all.
Love u pewds, brofist 👊🏼
I've been watching you a good 1/3rd of my life! do whatever you want :)
Keep it up
Glad ur happy now!
Aouhhh
I approve of this message 👊🏼
I want a giant Channel just like you
I’m so glad you haven’t stopped and hopefully won’t soon cuz I freaking love the vlogs and content!
You have gone through The Hero's Journey. Your frothing haters unknowingly initiated you and transformed you into something greater. You will always find out the most about who you are when you are in crisis. And there's nothing like crisis to teach you what is truly important in life. Kudos to you, sir.🧘‍♂
made a breakup video crazy
Love you PEWDS, Bro since 2011!
thanks for the bro fist, i dunno why i teared up, i think i'm getting too old
So happy that I grew up with pewds ; we love you
❣️❣️❣️❣️
The day you will quite, this specific day will be the most saddest of all time. I am watching you so long and even though I am not catching up regularly, it would feel very empty without you. So you might want to wait maybe some several years (40-50 years XD) so I can go in retirement too. That would be awesome ;-) But now in serious, I think without you and your content the YouTube game would be really different and much more lost. I am not a person writing often any comment on YouTube but I would like to dedicate this one to you and you are doing a great job. Thanks for being there with your videos but also sharing your life experiences with us. I highly appreciate it! I wish you all the best 🙂
As some one who's has watched you since the Disney controversy and enjoyed most of your content I do not want you to quit. I love the Japan vlogs.
Dew it no balls  You successful bastard
It's unbelievable I've watched pewds for ten years this year. I'm so grateful Felix has been part of my life for so long and cheered me up during dark times. And crazily enough I've enjoyed every single era of his channel because at the end it's all about the person in front of the camera
the bridge.
Boring. More memes plz
🤙🏽 u smoov n the pace been pleasant 👊🏽✌🏽
Hey felix! Where's PewDiePie have you kidnapped him ??
tbh i did not like all the comments on the latest videos talking about how he already quit or that he is retired. i always saw it as he stopped uploading for the sake of uploading everyday and started to upload what he is really enjoying at the moment. im all for it for this new chapter! 👊
Remember being 12-13 and finding ur channel, which is 12 years ago, i always think back to how you were in that position and how far you moved in life. It might not sound alot, but in some hard times i think back at it and look at you now and i think to myself.  How you've been able to overcome so many negatives that has come with your journey and makes my worries a little bit better. Specially with how lately it seems like you've geniually found yourself and what you love doing, that itself makes every day a little bit better in finding my own spot where i geniually can be happy with what i do.
i’m a 17 year old girl who’s been watching your content for probably about 9 years now (definitely shouldn’t have been that young but yk i had an older sister) and i’ve literally grown up on your content❤️ i wouldn’t care if you uploaded once a week even once a month! it makes it so much more special and surprising to see that you uploaded and i’m so happy you’re enjoying yourself in japan! don’t stress on youtube we’ll always be here!!! love from canada 🇨🇦
This video Is getting Much views
You don't owe us anything Felix. Go live your life, the way you want! ❤
Just enjoy yourself pewds
I think I speak on behalf of everyone: We don't stay here for the content, we stay for Pewds. Regardless of what content you make, it's nice to have a friendly familiar face to share a laugh with - whether you're reacting, vlogging, playing Minecraft or Horror games :)
Pewds, keep doing what you're doing. I fully support you and I hope you keep moving and enjoying japan. Although I want to see new gaming videos like the new god of war and the japan assassins creed that's coming out will make me very happy if you played on the channel. Then again it's your channel and I fully respect what you post I will till the day of judgment. I suppose I speak for mostly everyone who comments... WE LOVE YOU PEWDS!!!💕
i'd grant you your well deserved retirement...
Thank you for entertaining me for a decade+. Excited too see more of Pewds!
I feel like we're in the epilogue of one of the best shows that had its highs and lows and plenty of in between filler arcs and now we get to sit and enjoy the person we grew up with finally sit at the summit of his accomplishment and enjoy the life he's built. I love pewds and the content lately because it just feels like now we get to see him be happy doing what he enjoys with 0 pressure to please anyone but himself and marzia. Life's good, happy for you Felix. brofist 🥺🥺
King
ayeeee a pewds video Man I used to watch this guy as a kid man. I'm 22 now, been watching since like 12. Much love man.
i support you man, i hope you beat T-Series!
We all will support you no matter what you end up doing pewds. I can’t say I wouldn’t be really sad if you actually quit, because I would be. That’s likely the parasocial relationship talking, because obviously we don’t know each other lol. But you don’t exist solely to please other people. Myself and others would be sad, but ultimately your well-being and happiness is more important than other people’s expectations. For now, I’m happy to see you upload and find joy in that :)
So happy for you man, he wont see this comment but i am putting it out there for peace of mind
I'm happy he updates us here and there. I miss Marz sometimes. I grew up watching this dude and I seen him mature. It's so cool, especially comparing my growth as well as a person. I've learned quite a bit from this guy at times, we love you pewds!!
I don't see it as akward! I'm just glad to see the after credits, checking from time to time how is doing who it feels like an old friend and having a good time/chatting, etc
i literally started tearing up thinking about you quitting 😭😭
Pewds, u literally been here for a decade. u do, u we will always support ya. Go enjoy life and touching grass😂.
Dont lie, we all went for that brofist
you are such a great youtuber and is the main reason why most of the youtubers we know today are around. a huge inspiration
🙏🙏
I wonder if pewds will ever become a finbro, that'd be something.
I find that most creators that want to quit, usually just don't find fun in it anymore. But when they start doing stuff they like to do, they can start having fun again. Obviously this isn't for everyone since sometimes they want to do different media entirely like Joji and music, but I mean sometimes you can juggle like KSI and enjoy youtube still
We love you no matter what you do
I remember you saying a little bit ago that you wish you could upload 10 minutes of a game every day because that was the formula back then. You should do that again
Stay awesome bros!
we love you pewds, i love hearing ur updates, and honeslty thank you for seeing the goodpart in being a youtuber and ur fans, we will always be here
Did he end his headphones sponsor?
please stay as long as possible
❤️
Honestly I really like this stage of pewds career, you can tell he's just enjoying life and uploading when he wants to, I mean, I'd do the same in his shoes. The vlogs are so chilled out and a joy to watch too, I'm happy for the two of them.
I actually never watched anything you did until recently. Then I saw you doing stuff with CinnamonToastKen. Frankly, I always avoided your content because of the drama and controversy that seemed to be somewhat everpresent around you in the past. Watching you with CTK made me see you really grew and changed as a person and that was very refreshing to see. It looks like you're really happy now and that's really amazing.  Keep being happy. Keep being you. You're doing great things out here!
Man just live your life. Be happy. Make videos. Or don't, just do whatever; There was a start and there will be an end.
221K likes Dammmmmmmm
You were a huge part of my childhood and seeing you grow, just makes me so happy and I hope you and Marzia have an amazing life ahead. Love for you both always ❤️
Thank you for all the things you done i'm thinking about all the laughters i had with my brither and sister watching your videos back in 2017 (damn 5 years ago) this journey is so important on how i see people i admire and how i still see people now so thank you for that and for so much other things you bring to the internet enjoy !
We love you now matter what, keep doing whatever it is you want to do.
When some people retire, they get lost and come back to what they used to do. Makes them happy
I can't believe it's been 12 years i was 7 years old since I've watch pewds and honestly he helped me more to laugh and have hope in life each day when i come home from school I'm in college now and it's pretty tough but I'm glad that pewds is still here making videos and happy, he deserves to rest after all that💖💞
I miss Friday’s with pewdiepie 🥲
Still love you Pews. Been here since you scary videos like the grudge play through!
Preach it
I know what he meant but that -1000 edit sive did is out of pocket 😂💀
Nice headphones Pewds! anyone know what brand they are?
your awesome and your always growing and becoming better and enjoying the life youve built for yourself but idk ive been enjoying ur vlogs
I hadn't watched your channel since high school (I'm almost out of college now) but a couple days ago I remembered the Octodad series and how much fun it was so I watched it all again and realized how much your channel has grown since and how different it is! had no idea you and Marzia moved to Japan and I'm so happy for you two, We love you Pewds
Been watching you and following you since amnesia days. You helped me during hardships with health and college and my father's dead. I am 31 now, married and working on my own business. Thank you for everything!
Pewds going to the daikoku car meet would be epic!!!
You haven't played video games in a while  We need a new playthrough.
i hope you have a good day!! this was a good video
G O A T
Excellent to see your growth to maturity.  Can't wait til you become a father!!
Personally, I think your channel had a glowup when you started to letsplay minecraft haha
Felix, we appreciate all the videos you have made over the years and your wide expanse of different content.   I have had many laughs watching your videos over the years. So thanks!!!!
felix: talking abt something serious microphone: *BUM*
not Felix flexing on us
You have been a huge inspiration to me and others. Thanks pews
Really glad you're not quitting Pewds. I know you can just stop YouTube anytime you want because you and Marzia are already settled, but it feels awesome that you still have the drive to upload and make videos. Personally, I never want you to quit. I still remember, I discovered this channel the moment we got internet installed in our home, that is when I got addicted to your contents, I watched almost every videos you uploaded, vlogs, playthroughs, even the weird...stuffs. Back then I used to download some of your 'montages' because we have a shit internet that always gets cut off. I got nothing else to do so I watch them offline because they're so funny. And I actually picked up some of your humor.   I rarely write comments like this but I just want to say that, this channel will always be my home. Brofist 👊
another minecraft series
the classic mic taps 2:57, 4:07
Felix you are the best <3
Man its been 10 years already crazy
I've loved watching the evolution of your channel as you go through different eras of your life. It's genuine. Been really enjoying the content in Japan and hope you keep doing what you love and what makes you happy, whatever that means for your channel 🙏🏻
I come back to audeze lcd Felix? Kinda hype
I’ve always loved how genuine Felix is, and that he values making quality content over doing the same thing over and over just for views.
RIP to our Reddit it seems like our last bit of hope has died after this video
We're at the sweet sweet retirement casual chill zone. Do whatever you want & having fun bc you want to do it with no pressure. We love you pewds♥️  YouTube will never be the same without you. Ever.
Headphone plug? Definitely not to copy, or look into, or anything....
I've been trying to grow my channel. I currently  have 53 and I hope to grow to a point I can give away my car builds
I genuinely will be sad when you fully retire from YouTube. I grew up, like, physically and mentally after all these years, and yet I still come back to watch your videos. Regardless, when it does eventually happen, I'm sure I'll also be happy for what it's been. Until then, I'm always ready to watch more.
I remember finding Pewdiepie for the first time and watching his corpse party series on every upload. 21 now and its genuinely cool and odd on how Pewdiepie has become not really an idol for me but more so like a distant uncle you care deeply about. We will always enjoy your content Felix, you are human just like the rest of us. No Parasocial interactions or anything.
Love ya pewds
I love all your content even if you are not uploading everyday or pushing out gaming or Fridays with pewdiepie. Loving living through your vlogs makes me feel like I’m in Japan!! Don’t listen to the haters keep it up!!! Live your best life doing what YOU love!
Those headphones are fye
We’ll always stick around, Pewds.
I kinda stopped watching after he moved to Japan because he is essentially retired but I was still subscribed. Not that it’s a bad thing for him it’s just that you can feel that YouTube is a secondary priority now. I pray for nothing but the best for him in his future.
Haha men gud vilka roliga hörlurar 😁 ska de inte sitta lite längre upp? Hmm 🤔
just quit this is pathetic to watch, you're not even trying to content create anymore you're just flexing your happy life on us
this is the final and closing argument. We now know for sure, that pewdiepie is pewdiepie.
Bro that’s finna be heartbreaking if you just stop it won’t ever feel the same again :(
if you quit i wil get rly mad
Felix I have been watching you for 10 years. You have been so fun to watch I always go back to your old Fridays with pewdiepie just to be reminiscent of being younger. You are great and YouTube definitely appreciates you and your content. No matter what we're supportive of you.
💜💜💜💜💜💜
Just gonna say im glad your doing what makes you happy and its awsome that your being true to yourself and its been an amazing time with you on youtube. Hope you stay happy and enjoy life in japan!
You go champ, keep doin what you wanna do.
Just enjoy watching Felix
pls don t quit we love you ❤️❤️❤️
Bro fist at the end sent me into tears. You’ll forever be in my heart pewds. Been watching for 10+ years.
I was 30 when Pewds started. I'm almost 43 and still here.
Come on bro I know I been watching you since the last decade and now sometimes I think that what will happen after you quit. And that's where my mind stop working. Have fun and enjoy until it last 👍
This feels like an ending of a good anime
It’s been real bro. Helped me through high school and now college, your videos give me mental breaks while not feeling brain dead watching something of 0 importance. I’m really happy for you and the stance you’re taking on things
I must say this content style is less heavy and sometimes a little better a little less content but good quality and at the end your still a human and im happy u don’t quit but just take it how you wanna because the fans aren’t expecting too much
I'm glad ur staying here papa felix we will support you until the very  of our last breath. No matter what ur choice or decision might be, we are so grateful to you forever
Ah I honestly wanted more gaming content at some point but seeing how happy you are now doing what you want to do makes me so happy I don’t even care what content you make as long as we get to see apart of it❤
I appreciate the videos and you being open. Happy to have seen you grow throughout the years.
can you make new videos
I'm happy that you are doing stuff you like. And yes totally enjoy your time and dont be stressed about youtube <3
Bro, do whatever you want. Just upload what you enjoy uploading and who cares if people want you to quit or not. Your happiness in your life should be your focus and damn what other people expect of you. I hope you keep enjoying it as long as possible.
I'm enjoying your transition to a j-vlog channel and look forward to the inevitable crazy gun channel transition.
But 111 Million Subs! That is nuts!
Thank you, Felix 👍 We love you ❤️
Not gonna lie though, I used to think you were cringe so many years back in the day, but now that I've grown as well, I've gotta say you've come far and matured well. I respect you for being honest and reasonable now as life moves forward. Godspeed.
Hey Pewds, I don't really comment but just wanted to say that I've been watching your videos since I was ~11-12. I am 23 now and still really appreciate every upload. Thanks :D
This is truely such a gaming moment
Live your life
Come so far since the early days. Proud of you.
i can appreciate the fact that nevermind what others like, or expect or want, and even after you got "everything you could wish for", you still share what you like and enjoy. thats really heart warming for me. Keep it up bro!
The legendary Bro fist
Love you pewds .
I've been loving the Japan content! Glad you're doing what makes you happy Pewds :)
love these vids. always look forward to ur vlogs
You have my full support no matter what you do pewds, you helped through so much and i can't thank you enough for it !
felix is just grandpa felix uploading funnies to the facebook rn
"Shallow" contents to distract are good too. It's important to live the moment even if the subject will be irrelevant the next day.
Nothing felt more nostalgic than humble creator doing brofist. (♡˙︶˙♡)
ok
thankyou <3
Alright i get it Pews Pregnant Marziaaaaaaaa...
i haven’t watched pewds in  a while, but this channel was part of my formative years and i will always love the content felix makes, i’m so glad it’s still here, and that it’s grown, it’s like i’ve grown alongside it, i started watching pewds in 6th grade and now i’m in 10th grade, and occasionally when i watch his videos i’m reminded of me all those years ago and felix all these years ago, and now i see how we’ve both changed.  thank you felix
Poods if you’re ever bored of videos, just stream games or do letsplays
Bro quitting or not thats all up to you we just want you to know that we still gonna look for you still gonna wait until you upload enjoying ur videos it's something helpful to people thanks for everything and we will wait every thing u,ll give to YouTube love u bro ❤️
You’re one of the channels that grew up with your audience. We had the fun  and scary beginning, the awkward and edgy middle, and we’re now into the comfy and chill era. It’s amazing to see just how far you’ve come. Brofist!
I want to make videos, but I don't really want to be in the place where I need to upload every day and talk about random crap I don't care about. I don't want to turn super lame. At the same time though, I don't really know what to talk about or do. I had fun when I was streaming for a bit, but I got bored of Minecraft and didn't have time to manage my server anymore. Maybe I'm just not really meant for it.
Thank u for all the years on the platform and many more
Tbh watching ur vids and a small group of others are what I wanna be doing ya know not just for a job but the hobby it was before it is what is today.
ik this is a serious video, but the headphones felix XD
do whatever you feel like makes you happy. I personally enjoy it
I don´t feel like i have the right to say this, but i´m really proud of the person you have become Felix.
Been silently watching since Amnesia, it kinda feels like you've found that same energy again recently. Glad you're having fun with it again
Bro army will always be here for you :)
I enjoy it and I just see mine as a hobby which I enjoy!
I never felt let down I'm chillin
BEBE WHEN?
This sounds like its gonna be a baby vlog channel and im ready for it
This is so incredibly heartwarming. I know Felix doesn't know me or a majority of his fans personally but this Swedish boi has been in our lives for so long and entertained me and so many through the good the bad and the down right ugly. I'm Proud to be Bro and watch this Muthaflippa Grow!
Quitting can be beneficial in many ways. It can give you a break and make it fresh if you ever come back. There's more to life than YouTube, and your personal life is always something special.  I know it sounds generic, but there's a reason for that: Because it works, it's the truth
understand that the real subs will understand and support your way of going about youtube videos, we want you to enjoy making content because you WANT to make content, not because you feel you have to.
I love Pewds never really quit
Beastmaster64 cameo👌👌
don’t pull the joji move and move into music
I think you got to a point where you can really enjoy this platform, you have reached the top on youtube, the top in life, so now you can just sit back, relax and enjoy what you have built in all those years. I wish you and Marzia all the best, i hope we will see your super pretty vlogs for many years to come. Thanks to you i will visit japan, a thing i will never be able to do in person i think, sadly. And i just enjoy your "company" overall. So keep up the good work and thank you for those years. Now take what you deserve: your time.
Your channel is almost old enough to create it's own youtube account.
"didnt"  did not. did'not. didn't
No matter what, he will always be the King of Youtube.
quit
Yes the good days where we didn’t get paid to be on YouTube and these fucking ADs… ADD dez Nutzz
I remember when you first started out YouTube and I was still in school. The horror games, Fridays w/ pewdiepie, the vlogs, and so much more.  I cant tell you how happy I am have seen you grow. I grew up watching you Pewds and it’s been such a fun adventure. Thank you for making me laughing all these times <3
В загробной жизни есть АД и Рай.  От твоей земной жизни зависит, где ты будешь проводить вечность, в РАЮ или АДУ.  Выбирай, РАЙ покайся также живи по Евангелию, веруй в Иисуса Христа спасителя.
In the afterlife there is Hell and Paradise.   It depends on your earthly life where you will spend eternity, in HEAVEN or HELL.   Choose, PARADISE, repent also live according to the Gospel, believe in Jesus Christ the Savior.
God will soon judge the whole world how you stand before him.   God is giving you a chance to repent today.  Accept Jesus Christ into your heart, repent before Jesus Christ, and also live according to the Gospel
Great video
;)
I loved that video! We love you Pewds, but we'll still judge you if you do something stupid. Save up to 90% on flights using Mighty 🖐🏾 Travels 👎 Premium.
Dear friend, Jesus Christ loves you very much, he died on the cross for you and shed holy blood so that you have the forgiveness of sins and eternal life in Paradise.   Accept Jesus Christ into your life, believe in him, repent before him.  Also live the gospel.   Find the HWE church and go to it.         Don't go to hell.  Choose a friend Paradise go to heaven
I don’t know why my heart feels so heavy, even though I am happy for you.
On blood borne of course
I'm a sub since 2012, drama and meme videos weren't my cup of tea but im happy to say i'm back to watching you religiously like i used to back in 2012! This content feels more genuine and people can tell when you're actually enjoying yourself ;) Love from Portugal
You died
Felix just chilling with the literal best headphones in the world. Beautiful piece of art
Have you tried Mighty Travels Premium yet?
Awesome video!
what a headset
make meme revews
We've grown in very nice ways :)
This will sound selfish, but man, I would like you to keep making videos, even if in a slow pace, I have been watching you for 8 years now, almost on a regular basis, and I know that's the same for a lot more of your fans, you are like a family member to me now and its hard to image that someday you'll just stop sharing stuffs. But anyway, wish you a happy life.
This brings tears to my eye! I love you pewds
Grew up watching You currently 22, and I've always looked forward to every video he uploaded and seeing that he's finally doing what he wants to do while enjoying every moment of it brings me joy. Learned a lot from watching him mature which also helped me mature in some aspect. he's been my inspiration and im glad to have a person like him to look up to. brofist~
Wtf if he is on Japan so why he speak english
Dem headphones OD my nigga
Couldn't stop smiling the whole second part of the video! So happy for you, dude
I love you guys. Ideky, I started watching when you played minecraft and now I’m so happy for you, Marzia, Edgar and maya.
suffering from success
Felix, you are and continue to be such an huge inspiration to me. Your drive to always wanting to produce the best content while not putting your mental health on the line in the process, is something that I have always admired. Making sure that you always are prioritizing yourself, your health, you and Marzia's happiness is something that I wish for myself someday. I have been watching your videos since 2015 (since I was 12 years old) and I am now almost 20, I have enjoyed and loved every second of it. I am very glad that you are still here, but when the time comes for you to leave and focus on your future, we will all understand and be supportive because you deserve it. Much love Pewds!
Just take some brake pewds we good.
My favorite Youtuber is just a regular guy having fun and sharing it and that’s perfect.
love you man pdp *respect
I just can not focus on what he os say because of his massive headphones
thank you for this video
What headphones are those? They look sick AF.
Btw it's "Didn't" Not "Didnt" Fix ur title or get canceled😤
Just keep it up what you want to upload
So proud of Pewds 😭 be happy!! I'm glad to see random uploads of whatever, whenever.
It's great that you're thinking about your artistic integrity. I wish more content creators reflected on the quality and purpose of their content beyond the paycheck that it brings. Make the videos you want to make, I'm sure you'll always have a following of people to enjoy them!
What kind of headphones are those?! I want them!😍
We have all grown with you, and we are happy that you are happy. When you are ready to finally let go we will be ready with you. As long as you are having fun and doing what makes you happy that’s all that matters.
I know my opinion doesn’t matter, but Felix’s channel is so enjoyable, especially now because HES enjoying what he’s doing both on and outside of YouTube and it’s easy to tell.
I'm going to be the next PewDiePie 🤡
Dang its been awhile since ive been active on the channel:(
NEVER QUIT u can was always take breaks, never give up !
As a person following this chanel for so many years, I'm glad you're still around, specially in this way where you are trying to just have fun again. I think is one of the most natural, mature and healthy decision, we've seen you grow and we had grown with you so this makes totally sense, also is really brave and mature to take something you build with so much effort and decide to keep it even when the word tries to tell you that you need to leave it. Why? No, just take it, be proud and enjoy what you love about it. I think even if it's after months, to see the notif of an upload still after so many years, keeps bringing joy to me~
Wait I don't want you to quit. I love your vlogs  It's like lofi but vlogs.
Tbh ive been watching your videos for years now and the vlogs are my second favorite thing youve ever done after book reviews!
It's okay to grow and change. Do what makes you feel happy.
I mean you will always be the king of youtube
I think this setup really compliments your eyes, also I don't always watch you (yt doesn't recommend:/) but it's cool to see how you've been doing, i might not see you for a while so have a nice day!
This makes so much sense. Do what makes you happy.
beautiful video
Love you man! Keep doing doing you.
Live a good life felix, you deserve it!! always will be a fan of your horror videos!
i cant imagine a life without your videos, ur the og.. we love you
Watching you for over a decade, I must say it's like seeing a friend growing up & I'm proud of everything you've accomplished. Live your best life, homie (:
Bro pewds you're the king of YouTube and we'll always be floor gang and YouTube wouldn't be YouTube without you man
Brofist to the very end pewds
Anything you upload is entertaining to me, Really enjoying the Japan vlogs Lots of cool places to visit.
Idk why people saying quit! If i can i would love to watch him till i die
Honestly you are really an inspiration and everyone i think loves to see the growth and how far you've come. New experiences doesnt mean you have to push your channel nor grow in numbers. You do you like always. its been a long time since you started doing this for fun, or so i see it and you are genuinely enjoying life more and i hope you continue doing so for as long as you want. It will be a sad day when you really do stop doing youtube and personally i hope that day never comes. Keep up the good work and enjoy family life!
Man just keep it up of what content you want to upload
This is why PewDiePie is the best Youtuber; literally had a character arc in real life.
You inspired the development of many gaming channels and peoples lives, I think as every channel grows on from the very beginning we encapsulate those who watch us and put pressure on ourselves to over accomplish what we believe is the way our channels should be and not what we were. Thank you Pewds
if pewds quits youtube, it will never be the same again.
Bro you have 111M subs you can’t quit
I love having you here! Lets see what the Japan chapter has for us!
wait...he was gonna quit?
We are here because you entertain us, it doesn't matter what you do. live your life man!
You enjoy the money.
Just keep on doing what you is right for you
Don't quit pewds .... ❤️❤️
Don't quit
Made me tear up I’m content to see you so happy after everything during the journey and to grow up with you and your vids do what you enjoy always pewds 👊
We will always support your decisions, but I'm happy you're sticking around! :) Have fun and we will just keep watching and being bros
the constant editing of zoom and cut is too much, very distracting
We love the vlog. Do the vlog more please 🥺
Sorry but all I can think about is why is felix's arm so much more tanned than his face. Kept me occupied for the full 7 minutes I'm sure he said some important things gotta rewatch i guess.
9 year old army and ceiling gang is right here with you bro 👊
you don't have to quit we like to hear from you once in a while. The videos with Ken are great
I'd like to feel like no matter what you do you won't disappoint the real ones, they will care no matter what your decisions are! We love you, hope you're having an amazing time in Japan!
You’ve earned a lot of lifetime fans, especially in those of us who have watched your videos throughout our entire childhoods. I will always watch your channel, no matter what kind of content you’re making. To be completely honest…there was a time when I was embarrassed to tell people I was fan of Pewdiepie. I was 10 years old and scared that if people saw how weird my sense of humor is, they’d judge me for it. I’ve always admired how you had that same fear, but blatantly ignored it until you didn’t care anymore 😂  Now, (12 years later!!) I am so proud to call myself a bro.😎 I think that’s a reflection of how I’ve grown up to be less insecure, but more so a reflection of all the respect you have garnered as a YouTuber, commentator, businessman, and most importantly, a gamer. And it’s so incredible to watch—that’s why we’re here!
I'm literally just happy you're happier
You be You 👊
I dont think u realise how differently u have grown felix! The way your channel progressed is the main reason why me and many others stuck around. I started watching u like 9 yrs ago in middle school when i loved those dumb edgy jokes and gaming videos (i still holdem dear to my heart) and as i grew up watching u, my likes also changed and i changed as a person. 9 yrs ago i would hate the review type videos but when u started doing them i had grown into someone who enjoyed those. The way u constantly keep changing your channel and reflect who u are rly kept alot of us around! I think u need to give yourself more credit honestly! Im so glad to hear ur not retiring or quitting but taking things at your own pace. With the way your channel is now im honestly loving it sm and i hope u continue doing that as long as u want
You are exceptional youtuber Pewds 💪💪💪
Please never 100% quit🥺 if been here since the beginning and id love to see you till the end
Wtf is this headset 🥶🥶🥶🥶🥶
I watched Felix since I was 8 years old and now I’m 18 and watching him was always an adventure and I will never forget the impact that he had in my life and also the fact that I mostly learned English thanks to him (it’s not my first language). You will remain my favourite YouTuber Felix and thanks for everything, I love watching updates on your life and how things are going so better for you
Yay! More Japan content. If you feel good about certain uploads then do it. I've seen YouTubers change into a family channel and back to what they were doing before. You might end up back to a main gaming channel with kiddos to give yourself a break. Okay well the waves are calling you. 🌊
you could try and do some throw backs, like do some old games again. i think some people would love that, especially your OG's.... im one of them 😁
As far as I can remember I've watched you since I was 14, I'm 24 now and the first video I watched was Ao Oni and I've stayed subbed ever since. Every video you've made has brought some form of joy or entertainment to my daily life and while I wasn't a fan of EVERY video I still loved watching you. I know maybe I'm delusional for feeling like you're a huge part of my life and an inspiration to sometimes just keep going, but it's just how I feel. I know I'd be sad if/when you quit YouTube, but I'd also be very happy as you deserve to live your life in peace.  But until that day comes I will continues to support you as I can. I know this isn't a goodbye video, I just wanted to type this. Stay awesome Felix. 👊
When are you gonna play more happy wheels? >:(
I remember when I found this channel when my older brother showed pewds playing happy wheels.(it was when the happy wheels vids were new)
change can be hard to deal with. Keep your chin up, Felix.
Love you my bro.
The channel is what YOUTube really means. Thank you Pewds
Pewds i grew up watching you. I started watching you when I was in 4th grade. I am now a junior in college. You are part of my childhood and i thank you so much for bringing so much joy into child me's life. I would sit in my room and watch happy wheels laughing so hard. I love your videos and you have really made me a happier person because of that. I am trying to start my own gaming channel now and i hope and pray that it gets just a little big. You are an inspiration to me though pewds. Just know the bros support you and love you. Brofist.
well u should
Well you dont have to retire, dropping by once in a while with a video is always welcomed. I now know what youre talking about though with a grind and am amazed how some people can keep it up.
Don't you dare call your content LAME. Gloria. ' SINK | GUNK - yay or NAY  '  that was one absolute chad video. 🗿🗿  we all need more of that. 😶‍🌫 no pressure pewd. You do you man, we are always there.
Come on Felix, you're gonna bring a tear to my eyes, lie the one spot in your music video "Congratulations". Here;s a huge Brofist for ya bro. Love you like a brother, though I don't really know you personally. Your audience has grown with you, seeing your hurdles fall and milestones shrink to nothing. Just keep being you..
Is this the beginning of the PewDiePod?
Please do whatever you like best! It's your life and tbh I'm happy to see you guys happy. I'll always watch to see what you guys have been up to and it's amazing. Just be yourself, i'm so glad that you're not destroying yourself just for youtube and entertainment (nickocado avocado pff). We will always love you pewds! Happy to hear you're gonna keep doing your own thing. Brofist👊🏻♥️
I’ve watched you since the horror days, stuck with it through your annoying as fuck phase(s) and have watched you change through the years. To now see you fulfilling your dreams, as sensible and humble as they might be? It’s one of the few things that brings me joy. JOY. How rare is that these days? Retire whenever you want but please keep sharing as long as you want.   To see this screechy and at times absolute mess of a guy transform into a composed, contemplative grown ass man? It’s good.
I love that pewds uploads are different now, because even though he's has changed over the years, we've grown over the years as well. It just feels like we're following along on the journey :)
POV : Suffering From Success
Pewds I have been watching you for years , you really inspired me to start this journey, I’m very happy how’s its going and everytime I see no progress , I think of you and all the and effort you put into your channel.  Don’t quit dude, just be yourself and upload whatever makes you feel happy ❤️
Without you i would have been dead. I watched your videos over and over again when I was at the hospital depressed af and tried to alivent. You made me smile and keep going and here I am
Your okay man don’t worry, you put in the hours and energy it’s time to enjoy what you worked for brother. I know YouTube is always in your heart which is like you said just upload whatever you feel like uploading that way you can enjoy what you love while doing what you love at the same time. Your the best man I love your channel❤️
All I need is the book reviews. Or really just the videos were there is clear personal passion behind it.
I’m so happy for you Pewds 🥲
Do what Adele does…put something out when you feel like it, then do whatever you want in between (which is no one’s business).
Princess Leia looking ass. Love you felix
Eww
book review when
Been watching your videos and admiring you for ten years since cry of fear (I love Marzia and the dogs too), and I am so grateful that you didn't leave but have time for yourself. A lot of us still love your video I'm pretty sure! At least any kind of your new video ideas or any kind of videos are very entertaining and relaxing to me. One of my healing moment after a long day. 🌻
Felix, you've given me a decade of entertainment. everything I've been through you were there to cheer me up. That's more than I can ever ask of anybody. so just do you. the king of youtube deserves a happy ending.
Te quiero mucho Pewds❤ Upload videos of whatever you feel comfortable with, we'll be here :)
I love you bro
I remember watching the amnesia playthrough as it came out as a kid, ty Felix <3
Just take you're time Pewds
do whatever man
Felix, I have been watching you since I was 14 (22 yrs now) and I have always loved and respected how you don’t let any one thing define you and that’s why you are so successful. You deserve to spend your time enjoying your new life with Marzia and the pugs and you don’t have to explain yourself to anyone. While I look back a few years ago and miss the times when you did daily uploads even then I remember thinking how taxing it must’ve been on you and that type of work ethic is great but it’s not sustainable. I’m proud of who you are and you’ve been and it’s been such a great experience to kindve grow up with you as you went through all your different stages and I went through mine. I will always cherish you and I will be a part of the bro army forever my dude. Thank you for everything man.
Felix is always so worried about people thinking he complains, while venting is healthy and he does it in an professional, rational way that I love listening to
I stick around for the heartfelt talks and the zero death gameplay
Do waht you like , I dont care really.If you give me one of the important thing , and I give you the same value. And what is that thing ? (this will probably lost in the sea of information)
That's wonderful! Now, about that Minecraft let's play... 😬
Close to reality, more than ever. 👊
Been watching you since I was in 8th Grade man! I am 23 now!  I will never forget the tearful laughter I felt watching your Cry of Fear play throughs!  You should feel so proud of the joy your bring and have brought to the world!  Much love buddy.
So did this mean that you will go gaming sometime?? Well yes i love gaming, but your upload this days with vlog and more... The vlog especially... I really enjoy it, maybe because you having fun doing it.. and i hope you do pewds :)
i’ve been watching ur videos more the past year as i noticed the pace difference, knowing what’s changed is great to hear. wishing nothing but happiness and peace pewds—brofist! :’)
Thats a really good choice pew , we will be here to support you , and laugh and having fun while you have fun too ! Thats the best thing !
We love you and your content Pewds 😍😍😍
The happily ever after arc of this channel: we no longer need entertainment, just life updates and to be happy for your own happiness and success lol keep on keeping on Pewds.
man i miss 2014 pewdiepie
WE LOVE YOU PEWDS!!!!
do have Felix a profile on Cartelion?
Pewds needs to return to his gamer roots. He last played a game 4-5 months ago and simply for the memes. There are so many streamers and vlogers today, it's cheap and easy. Pewds fell into this pitfall. To be a gamer you must game, you can rest but you must always return to gaming. It is our drug, it is our air. Do it or you are no gamer. Simple.
I do try to empathize and understand why someone of your position would like to quit youtube, but man ... youtube without a pewdiepie ... just the though of it is hard to swallow. Throughout my childhood up to adulhood I did watch your content and whatever it was and matured with the content itself so a big part of my life. I did enjoy it and will enjoy your videos from now on as well. Thank you very much for all these years and the years to come ... and bring back book reviews already pls.
"why I didn't quit" MUNEH
I remember started watching you when you played happy wheels and amnesia those were really fun times I’m so proud of you pewds
I'd like to see you ride bigger waves soon 👊
Brother you have 1 80th of the population of the world on your side. We love you Pewds. Do whatever makes you happiest.
wow, pewdiepie tuber simulator looks so good now. is this the new update?
I know you got plenty of comments saying the same thing but I’ll add to it. Your content is insanely inspiring these days. It was fun growing up watching you but now you are where you’ve always wanted to be with the your wife and pups and it’s awesome to see. Appreciate you still uploading cause you feel like a brother. Love you guys👊🏻
Man you're always the best. It's great that someone as influential as you are is not "giving in" to the whole shorts/tik tok/meme mentality, finally! Enjoy your time in Japan, and if you feel like bringing us around with you it's great, your community will stick by whatever you choose. The reason why I followed you for so many years is because I liked you as a person, the content has always been secondary. Thanks for not quitting
pewds is the dad of you tube if he want to quit he can. my guy has done more then anyone on here. i love pewds any way he decides to go i will always support him as a fan.
Love you pewds been watching you from ur amnesia days and still always enjoy ur vids ❤️❤️🥰
Rich privileged people complain about being rich
Bro fucked the shit out of his mic
Bro just post once a week if possible
The headphones 🤣
Your past content wasn’t lame. It made other people happy. Which is what most jobs are. Fulfilling other peoples orders ;) but Congrats. On the move and change. U r a vlogger now dude. Thanks for the laughs and sharing your experiences. Enjoy.
Pewds becoming father, question mark
If you enjoy making your content I’ll enjoy watching it 😊🤝
more philosophy :}
please do not stop uploading until you really want to
Pewdiepie had changed so many lives without even knowing it. A true role model.
thanks for everything man, you remain the Keanu Reeves of youtube
Glad you haven’t poods. Still get excited every time I get a PewDiePie notification.
I am literally on the other part of the world  (south east asia) but even then you feel like a friend i lost long ago. You have been a part of my life for years and you were a good part. I personally just like your presence itself. Do what u want
I have definitely been enjoying your content more now that you're retired. It's refreshing to see you enjoy the life you earned.
I don't think you will ever read this but I'm leaving anyway. I just wanted to say I love your videos. You brought me so much joy, especially in bad days. I'm grateful for everything, your gameplays, vlogs, meme videos, book reviews, videos that the community have participated with their montages and fanarts, you and Marzia with the pugs are super amazing, all of them are special to me. I miss when you don't upload for weeks but I absolutely understand. Whatever you decide we'll support you. Your happiness is what matters. But never go away for complete. Even if you decide to upload 1 video per year I will watch and be happy to see. Thank you for everything Felix Kjellberg 👊❤ . Whenever I miss you I'll scroll back to the old videos and watch them with my 7 year old nephew who watch you with me since he was 3 and laughed so many times even if he doesn't understand english. I'll tell him how much joy you brought me and the crazy stories from the internet.
Damn!! Dude is straight flexing with those audieze headphones!!!👀👀
Dont care, Dont quit, we love you and need u around us especially that the internet is fcked. Can't lose you after watching you for over 5 years <3
Pewdiepie you are cool
Pewds: Why I didn't quit  Me: Minecraft
damn tuber sim 8 years old remeber when that shit came out. shit this is such a wholesome story
needs to be higher in trends
i think i speak for any true fan of you ive been watching since your first amnesia video i have watched you since i was literally 12 which is INSANE to think about ill never forget i had learned about you from a friend on COD and aint looked back since the evolutions of pewdiepie has been INSANE sure i didnt like when you stopped gaming because YOU ARE SINGLE HANDLELY THEE BEST PLAYTHROUGHER EVER however your content evolving while i miss the gaming has been great and awesome! I STILL WISH YOU WOULD PLAY SOME MODDED MINECRAFT! but other then that youve never let me or any fan down by changing content you evolved and changed your content in a great way  and did what YOU wanted to do and when that happens and your actually happy and enjoying what your doing is when your content has BEEN AMAZING so keep doing whatever you want and thank you so much for the memories *bro fist* (cringe ik cant help it)
I think ot of people expected pewds to flat out stop uploading or eventually faze out... but I think that those people are the same that are here for the quick laughs and aren't there for the messages.  This new phase of pewds is sentimental and feels much more personal than "try hard pewds" and honestly I appreciate the fact he chooses to have his fans in his life and still tries to connect with them... truly shows that it's not just the bros whose had him become a part of their lives but that we've become apart of his, truly. ❤💯
Goat status over 9000% I’ve grown up watching your videos and it’s cool to be able to see pewds do the same
thanks pewdiepie, for everything!
Brofist will live in out hearts forever pewds you never let me down no matter what ❤️👊
Jesus Christ your channel was a wild ride that showed how a one man band could captivate the world and that you did please don't stop because Marcia gives hope to weird dudes out there that they can find a hot chick whose' smart and willing to put up with your weird plan for life my wife did too and I'm grateful she stuck with me and we had great smart kids together so anyway keep it up because you are a beacon of light in the darkness of this world
We always appreciated and loved your content
You planned this before going to japan evil minded you guys are
honestly im so proud of this guy
Makin me tear up pewds stop!!! Been with watching you since 2012. Seeing you happy and conquering you're dreams makes me so happy and makes me motivated to start my life now that I'm 18 So thank you, brofist!👊
top g
Nice head phone
Your video cheered me up in my low periods always loved you videos and your personality was hilarious and love your recent content had some phases I didn't really watch but recently been loving it keep it up man
Hey Mr.Pewds have played the new mtg spell slingers game?
Pewds, I’ve been watching your channel since I was 11. I’m 21 now, so whatever you choose to do in life and with your channel, I’m with you bro. I’m sure most of the people on this channel are like me. You were a major part of my childhood and the fact that you managed to stick around for this long is nothing short of impressive. I wish you the best luck in life and I hope that spirit that you had in you when you played amnesia never dies out.
Don't do that Felix
I started watching you when I was in middle school. Now, I have graduated University and am currently reviewing for my board exams. I'm glad to see you still let the rest of us see a glimpse of what's going on with your life right now. Thank you a lot, Felix. For being with us through the good and the bad.
Enjoy life king
Do what you want. I'll watch it.
its time
6:35 Please make sure you have enough health resources for your venture in surfing; *you're gonna need it in case you start sinking.*
Play a game it’s gonna cure you.
Going to miss you, I remember you bringing me into YouTube and I'm glad you're going to be as happy as you made me. Live on and live well
humans evolve man, keep going were very happy for you pewds
Am I considered late to the video???
Broke my phone coz I got too excited about the bro fist 😂
Pewds, Amnesia Replay when?
The you vs T-series period was epic tho. Love what you do and i like your mindset. Kinda look up to you!
keep doing youtube we love you
Keep having fun ❤️
We love you so much, Felix! Your Japan vlogs are no doubt my favourite content to watch on YouTube or anywhere tbh. I am so thankful you are still here and posting content you and your followers enjoy. You and Marzia have both been a safe place for me over the last 10 years and I just want to say THANK YOU!! ❤️
"Stay awesome bros-" **brofist**  I remember watching your videos, practically grew up with you (your not old, I was literally just like 5 years old 💀)   And we don't mind (or at least I don't) you making different content, or content for fun, because we'd enjoy watching it anyways! Because it's you doing it and we love you Felix 😎
Pewds, whatever you decide I’ll always be grateful and supportive . I’ve been watching you since I was 13-14 and I am now 22 years old in graduate school. Always been there as a bro 👊🏽. Much love
Felix you truly are the king of youtube. we love you and we wouldn't expect anything better from you. at least speaking for myself I will take whatever you upload because at this point it's not just about the meme review or the lwiay or the Friday's with pewdiepie or the video games its about watching you succeed and be happy , the videos you upload truly do feel like a hangout with a friend,  bro army 4 ever !!!👊🏽👊🏽👊🏽
I loved your content through the years. I loved growing up with you and seeing different content. You were always smart and funny. And  I´m happy you´re still here with us, enjoying your life, being happy, and doing what you love. I will always enjoy your content :) Wish you and your family all the best! Brofist.
Will you play call of duty again
Felix sounds like a detergent name 🤮🤮🤮
Also if they ever have a kid it would be less annoying for their kid in school to be crowded by clout chasers all of the time and for them to end up being annoyed because their dad is a popular YouTuber, if he just has a casual channel it's less of a big deal I guess... Unless they already secretly have a kid for this reason, that would be something
It makes my day ever time you upload!
Everyone should cringe when they look back on their past. That means you've evolved as a person.
Still love your videos. Enjoy your retirement ill always enjoy.
Enjoying your content more than ever, you seem genuinely happy right now!
your losing views tho. if you wanna colab to boost those i gotchu.
Ikea köttbullar
Take time to yourself we all support you and all that type of nice shit or whatever
Pretty cool
What abt Marzia, I miss her beautiful content, will she ever come back as a content creator? ❤️
DeMonetization yellow dollar sign what to say to this legend Felix
Me, my sibling and even my mom love watching your Japan vlogs. It became a bonding for us and it is something we always look forward to. For that I want to say thank you very much! All the years have passed, all the top tier contents and just sharing your journey with us. Thank you Pewdiepie <3
Not gonna be uploading videos that much anymore, I’m just gonna be here enjoying Japan. I don’t really have time for games and uploading anymore because I’m too occupied enjoying Japan. Enjoying Japan is a nice excuse to have ;)
Man, u always kick out all of my anxiety 🤟🏻 you are f-ing dope, thank you for that.  Wish u and your family all the best 😎
You got this
Hey brotha, strange comment but feel you might appreciate reading Ecclesiastes. Its a good philosophical work which reflects on the vanity and arbitrariness of life. I wonder what you would think. Doubt you'll see this, but while I have been watching for years, I've really attached to your philosophy videos. I studied philosophy in university, and I always love seeing you advocate for personal virtue over vain "flexing". Ecclesiastes is written by an old king. He had everything. The way you speak here makes me think you might relate. . .
Live life bro. Do what makes you happy
In my opinion I love the Japan vlogs
🤘❤️
Clickbait
You should do a "Power Wash Power Pals Power Hour Podcast video on Youtube with Markiplier!"  I'd love to see you two just have a normal conversation about your guys opinions on life as a veteran youtuber.
Thanks for sharing your time in Japan.
Try star citizen maybe you like it
Bring book review back!
Nice
Pewds update videos are the best 🥰
Pewds, you teached me almost all english i know. And as a swede you have been my a big part of my childhood. I just want to say Thank U.
its like top gear/grand tour. They keep going and we all love it, and were not screaming for a new episode each week. We just love that its still here.
Brother those headphones are sexy as hell! Take your time in new beautiful home and enjoy every day! I'm personally grateful that I can be a part of your audience, I feel like I had some personal growth because of your vids. We will all be happy to see new videos in the future, but we understand your need to change the pacing. Take care!
Do what you love felix and we will be here to support.❤️❤️
Start boxing pewdiepie  Jake vs pewdiepie
Felix, please keep doing YouTube the way you are now. Don’t go back to chasing the algorithm. Upload whatever you want in spite of the algorithm. If there’s ever a game you want to play just because you enjoy it, then I’d love to see you upload that. I look forward to whatever you share next.
Personally I’m loving the Japan vlog style videos you are doing at the moment.
I've loved growing up alongside you, there might be 5 years difference but we've grown up and when you do retire, I'll still be able to look back on videos I treasured. I'm glad you're still here but now doing what you want :)
Pewds! We love you :) Watching your content for you my dude, loving that things seem so relaxed and content for you now. You deserve it!
Watching your videos is like hanging out with a friend, it doesn't matter what we're doing, It's just about the quality time.
Good on you. I’ve never been a die hard fan, just sort of admired from a distance, but I’m stoked you get to take some time for yourself and enjoy your success. You’ve earned that
To be honest I'll feel sad when PewDs quits. I'm still not bored watching his content.
U should racist and u made fun of deaf people
Interested in more surfing content! I temporarily moved to Hawaii last year and picked it up as a hobby. Did a Panama surfing retreat this summer, and moving to San Diego soon. I’m still at the beginner/intermediate level and would love to see your journey progress!
well, having you just still upload a video is already make me smile. Thank you Felix
2 millions already left...
Thanks for not quitting Felix. I've been watching you since you played happy wheels and amnesia, but this is actually the first time I ever comment. I feel like we have grown up together, and I know this sounds cringe, but as life has been stressful and shit sometimes, you have actually been like a sturdy rock in my life and a safe space. It doesn't matter what content you put up, because what I keep coming back for is your down-to-earth personality. It would be very sad to never hear from you again. I look forward to growing older with you 👊❤
Love the laid back content
Thank you Felix, thank you <3
Please don’t ever quit thou. I love seeing your videos been seeing them since I was a teenager!  It’s a comfort place for me and the bros
You do you pewds cause I'm always here to support you
You do know that a lot of us were inspired by you right Pewd?! I have watched you since 2013 and still do that now. As a VietNamese, my English has drastically improved just by watching you daily… now that my Eng is good enough I can make my own channel. My childhood is filled with your goofy videos and I’m proud of it! I’m glad you’re still here, will always support you man!
I’ve been subscribed to this man so long and still watch him. Long enough to remember having to crank down the volume so my parents don’t hear the crazy stuff pewds would say. The happy wheels, amnesia, Stanley parable, beyond 2 souls, telltales the walking dead and much more are core memories I will cherish. Do what you want Felix and just be happy
Fire headphones pewds
Just enjoy what your doing, think of it as a hobby maybe?
love u bro always a supporter here
Do whatever you want
Pewds, you can't quit.   Not until Friday's with pewdiepie final episode!
Felix Ulf Kjellberg aka Pewdiepie, This name will Forever in Our Heart as the Greatest Youtuber, we witness him fight with 2 Company & we also watching him since Happy Wheels Gameplay till he Married...🥲 we always proud with you Felix
Also the content ever since has been really great, especially seing trends on your channel specificly come and go on the channel, it really felt like they were there because you wanted them there, not because it was trending. Kinda like when you played skyrim, eldenring or now the vidoes with ken. All great stuff and we can feel that you are excited about each video and topic and whenever you find something fun, we also do.
as long as you have fun, i've been enjoying the new videos, really relaxing
I grew up with you dude. We quit college together. We got careers together. Loved horror games and Minecraft. Now I love traveling. I think the people who grew up with the channel will always support it because we’re all kinda at the same pace entering into our 30s. ❤
After nearly a decade of watching your channel, I really just care about seeing you upload period. I do miss certain phases of your channel, but I genuinely enjoy seeing you and Marzia just enjoy life. Upload whatever makes you happy, your genuine bros will watch regardless. God bless you Felix
Please suscribe to my channel as well ❤️👍
I have been watching you since 2015, I believe when you had like 28 million subs hahahaha
quite sure people are okay with having a "Pewdiepie ~After Story~" arc and some are okay with having the moving to Japan video as the "Good End" as it was a fitting emotional ending. But some people are definitely happy that we continue to enjoy the journey until we reach the "True End" eventually.
Hey pewds love ur headphones I love the wood grain design 👍
i enjoy anything you post Felix, you’ve worked so hard you deserve to enjoy yourself.
man really won the game. the game of youtube.
Please never quit Pewds!
Felix don’t stress out so much and worry about the content you put out because quite frankly I’ve been watching you since call of duty and no matter what kind of content I’ll always be one of your viewers I start realizing that I didn’t watch you for the type of content you put out it’s mainly all about your personality You’re a real man it has honestly been a journey. Thanks for always uploading in any way, including us through your videos. i’m honestly so happy for you. I’m glad everything worked out just the way you wanted. It’s fucking awesome seeing you live the life you have desired.
I enjoy whatever video you make as long as you enjoy making them. You have our support in whatever path you choose to take
mans completed the game of life.
This, is The Best version of Pewdz 🙏❤️
Never quit I wanna come back one day and tap in when you’re like 40 and I’m like 30
bro really be in new game plus
Just pass me the baton pewds im ready! Jk and in all seriousness pewds you will always be the youtube goat. And if not for you this platform would not be what it is today. All of us creators owe you a massive thanks and all of us viewers as well. Your one of a kind my friend and im glad your enjoying life in japan. Such a beautiful country, with amazing culture.
already got 100 mil plus, you don’t gotta worry about money or channel growth, you can basically just do whatever you want now
your video always makes me smile never failed once   have a nice day..
Pewds is a grown up now and I think it looks good on him. Thanks for being authentic and doing your best to developing continually. This may not sound like a compliment, but I view you as one of the very few true "influencers" out there on social media who genuinely wants to help others grow and think every once in a while about deep concepts we all struggle with. Your influence draws us all in because you are a leader even without a title that you wouldn't care about having. It flows from who you are.
Number 4 on trending for gaming. Mentioned games for 10seconds
let's colab. I live in Japan, you Live in Japan. Let's explore this amazing country.
As long as you’re having fun, we’ll have fun. So keep uploading as long as you want, we’ll be right here with you.
Cool
Money, money, money?
Write a book on your journey pewds....:)
I really feel it, when you got everything you wanted, but you can't leave all those people who loves you, cuz it's almost the whole world. Not even those who  subscribed, but those who heard about you. I think you're definitely one of those who made his own page in history of the humanity
Tjena tjena pewds, varför jag skriver det här på svenska är för att jag inte orkar skriva det på engelska för jag hade ett engelska prov idag och det gick typ bajs:) Jag vill bara säga att jag är stolt över dig både för den du är och för att du är en svenne och en JÄVLA GÖTEBORGARE( är en göteborgare själv). Jag har kollat på dig sen jag va 9 år och jag är 15 nu och såklart har jag kollat på dina allra gamlaste videos och du är fan bäst, fortsätt med det du gör och gör det du tycker är kul.  jag hoppas att du fortsätter för det är en annan energi på dina videos jämfört med dom andra youtuberserna. Vill bara säga att jag  är piss trött och skriver som en gris så om du inte fattar vad jag skriver så är det inte du utan jag.(fattar inte ens själv vad jag skriver). Ses i nästa video!
Keep going with YouTube for as long as you want, I don’t thing anybody would be annoyed, I think we have all just enjoyed watching your channel for so long, watching you grow and change, keep enjoying your actual life and don’t feel to pressured by YouTube, Good luck and Thank you!
don't retire, we love you
Play horror games :')
AYEEEEEEEEE... wholesome bro fist...
What I think would be interesting to see is if Felix made a video now like the ones he used to make. If he just came in full energy like the older videos.
Always here for you Pewds! Enjoy your life how you want!!
I’m glad you didn’t quit
IS THAT A ONEPIECE NOTEBOOK BEHIND YOU PEWDS?
something things better not to change
let's see the surfing video!!!
The realist YouTuber. Respect ✊🏼
Don't matter when , don't matter where , we will be here for any of your videos
No I love it, your growing. The channel evolves and its amazing. I grew up with u, and let's keep going bro
Man, I have no words. I love you. You're so genuine.  I wish you all the best.
7:52A.M. this video was release
happy to have you
Honestly like a few others here I used to watch religiously I'm glad to see you are still around and doing what you love
Finally someone said it! The Shorts, the Reels, and every 15 sec to 1 min content across apps literally makes us realise how short of an attention span we have and it's sad to see the longer, easy going and actually enjoyable videos decline :(
I like this way more. The unforced format is fun to me. Even for a 42 yo Dutch guy. They contend is a bit more mature, because you have matured.  But it's good. Most shit in live don't matter. Do what you like, that's what matters. You don't need the money anymore 🙂
I'm rooting for you!
#4 on trending for gaming. Bravo Youtube
Fuck dude. Today i got my test from my Calculus class. I felt like a failure and was thinking on dropping my class. Then this came up in my feed and man. I'm in tears right now because this is exactly what I needed to hear today. Thank you. I needed this.
good luck have fun good night
I just started to watch your channel because of those vlogs in Japan, I hope you will upload more vlogs!
brofist im always with u
Can’t wait till another 10 years when pewds is uploading the occasional video about his ever growing hobby
Hundreds of "PewDiePie said this in his latest video" incoming
Thank you for the good times dude!
I am just hear for Marcia, the pugs, and Japan, and maybe some Mindcraft, but nothing will ever top the Jorgen water rescue... so I can just watch that over and over
👊
All that’s left is for him to make this a Family channel
I for one am loving the Japan vlogs; Visiting Japan has always been a dream for me so living the experience through yourself for the time being is amazing :D
no problem man, ill be along for the ride, cuz god knows its better than focusing on my life
I've been here for over 10 years. I love YOU, and watching YOU. We bffs my guy.
You've done great pewds. I'd love to see little blogs and updates. You keep doing you big boss. And avoid bridges
From a flower boy to a maniac running around half naked in public to a married giga chad. Its crazy how far I saw you’ve changed and I also grew up with it. Its crazy to think that I grew up with watching you for 1/3 of my life. Have fun with your life mah man
Fuck clean breaks. Just keep doing whatever the fuck you want.
for real, how to quit YouTube and if there's a button, why?! (do videos when you like and feel)
To be honest, your japan vlogs are amongst my favorite videos. Been watching since 2016, keep enjoying life ma dude.
1000000% do what you feel is right and feels good. You've earned. I've been loving the Japan content and even save those vids to watch before bed since they relax me so much. I'm happy and grateful for you and Marzia.
I would watch sponge review if you made it. Thanks for not quitting :)
thank you as well for those times when your videos would instantly make my day better. don’t quit bro.💚
❤️‍🩹
We love whatever! It's ALL good dude!!!
love you pewdsssss
*didn't
I love that YouTube will never put Felix on thier main trending page, yet even a video like this is #4 on gaming.
cryin rn pewds :')
I'll tell you what would make you and everyone of your audience happy : Collab with Mark And Jack together again :)
You are my legend i dont sad if you quit youtube beacause 10 years is a long time you did a great job for make people laught and happy so dont worry about quitting
never quit
Keep doing you man! Love to see you and Marzia having fun
Just do whatever the hell you want. You've made it on the mount Rushmore of youtube. Just fuck around now.  Btw, love the headphones
Me and my mom were watching the video she’s a huge fan of you pewds and she said this amazing quote “Were would youtube be without pewds, Absolutely nowhere!”
you go have fun my king the army are always here
You still have ads and you still have sponsors, that's pretty much doing a job, and you never retired. You're having fun working your job which is also your hobby. Cool, but you never retired from anything. I guess I see retirement differently, whatever.
Glad to see that you still gonna be with us Felix! 🎉 love to see it.
You do you, my guy. We've been supporting you all along and if you choose to ever quit youtube, all the real fans will understand. But until then, don't forget that we'll never stop appreciating all the content! Love from India :)
I'm here for you Felix. Not the content. Whatever you upload I'm gonna watch.
I can't image YouTube without Pewds, so those comments asking you to quit I just can't relate or understand. You are amazing and you've been a great inspiration to everyone who wanted to live their dreams 💕
🤜🤛
I remember discovering you through your Slenderman’s video back in 2012. You had around 3m+ subs. I often imitated your intro in front of my friends and wanting to be like you. To me, you are the king of Youtube and forever will be! 👑🥹
The *NEGA*tive outweighed the positives at the time, huh? Reminds me of a man with a beard crossing a steel bridge.
Man what is that goofy ahh headset
Didn't realize how much I missed the brofist at the end. If you wanna bring something back from "the old times" for me it'd be the brofist
dont be sad that its over guys, be thankful that it happened
Bro if u quit im gonna miss your channel, either way you decide what you want to do man
While I love pewds, I think if he quits I would be too sad
I'll be here still watching you in 60 years. Why not more you say? Because he will be dead by then
hola
i love pewds, been watching since 2013!
Don't quit man.... Upload whenever you want but don't leave please
We love you pewds and hope you keep having fun with it
Terima kasih 👍🏽
Pewds is just at a one punch man lvl
You’ve inspired us to make our own channel finally this year and on topics we love! Thanks for sticking around! You give a lot of people inspiration and hopefully we can return that in the process to others! Thank you!
personally i have always viewed the changes as a natural part of life. you grew and changed as a person, just like i grew and changed as a person. i've been watching on and off since like, what, 2012? i know i was still in high school. and i'm 27 now. dramatic screaming at horror games will always be nostalgic for me, but i don't think i could watch that for 10 years. i've enjoyed your more introspective videos the past several years, especially the philosophy ones. i know it's cliche to say and overdone, but things have been rough for me lately, and it was a comfort to hear you talk about different perspectives and philosophies. it's been amazing watching you become more at peace with yourself and you channel, because i know there was a period of time where it was very stressful for you and there wasn't any fun in it. it's actually really comforting knowing that someone can actually achieve what they wanted, be successful, and still be happy and enjoy it. i feel like there's this huge narrative that once you achieve your dream, you'll actually be miserable and resentful, especially if it involves creativity. i know burnout and bumps in the road are realistic, but as someone who would like to eventually pursue a creative career, it's held me back (among other things). and idk, it's nice seeing someone happy with themselves and who they are and what they're doing.  idk if you'll ever actually see this, but thank you for everything. keep enjoying your life. brofist.
It makes me happy to see you happy
Technically mr beast is beating pew die pie in subs bc he has other channels with 10mil each and one 20mil and his main is 104mil
pewds gonna post smthn in the next week lol, but hopefully for fun :)
God bless this man🙏
Wish more people would realize that growing on YouTube means nothing and shouldn’t be your main focus in life.
Just enjoy the ride buddy ❤️ we will go thru the highs and lows :)
Whatever you decide to do with your channel we will support! We’re fans of you as a person, not just as YouTuber!
all things come to an end one day, what matters is to enjoy your present to say the very least. may god bless u with all the love and happiness u deserve in your life, much love <3
Becoming adult, simple
idk where i would be or even alive if pewds wouldn't be there
n r p q - for vectors but still X Y and Z ...
Like a true anime waifu, Pewds cut his hair after a life changing event (looking good😏)
ALWAYS take care of yourself first Felix! We all love and cherish every video you make regardless of what the content is. I personally just love hearing your views and opinions on random topics, and also short conversational videos like this! Don't feel pressured to post when you truly don't feel like it, we all understand cause we've watched you since we were kids. We've practically grow up with you in our homes, so it's easy to see you as family and to want the absolute best for you, Marzia and the fur babies 💞
What about scare pewdiepie 2
You've changed a lot and I'm here for it. In the beginning of your youtube, I couldn't handle the excessive screaming. Not your fault, totally not your fault but I didn't watch a lot of your videos then. You've changed a lot, became calmer and honestly, I love your content. I'm glad you didn't quit.
Mean while Sven is missing him Rn
Do YouTube for fun? You should. It should not have to be your job it should be a genuine passion. Something you enjoy doing. If it takes up your life and ruins you in many ways, things simply need to change. And for you they did. You being "retired" makes no difference for example to me. If anything it feels like I can actually connect more on a personal level with your content nowadays because it feels even more genuine. Like I am watching Felix rather than PewDiePie. Make videos when you want to not because you have to. I will support your decisions, even when one day, PewDiePie will not be here anymore. I am immensely proud of you for how far you've come. Stay strong! Brofist!
pewds should just do what he wants now. we will always love you thanks for making people's life joyful and happy thanks for giving us so many memories (special thanks to sive/simp for giving peak editing  and the best mascot ever edger) BRO FIST TO ALL👊
That brofist hit me right in the feels ;-;
One can never please all people at the same time with any type of video ever. Shocker, I know. Just do the videos that you want to do and I watch the videos I want to  watch. Not a big fan of the japan vlogs, but I still come around for new stuff :)  (or old stuff idc)
will always support you <3
i’ve been watching you for years now pewds and i cannot express how proud i am of the person you are today. we’ve seen you go through a lot and seeing how you’ve always stayed true to yourself and genuine with your fans is so inspiring. i’m so happy you’re having fun with youtube again and just enjoying life, you’ve earned it. love u, brofist 4ever
Love the Japan vlogs so much
The videos have been so amazing lately too, it’s still great
I have been watching you for SO LONG and I honestly loved watching your content progress and you as a person and your relationship with marzia!! I support you always like I supported marzias leave! But like her leave it’ll suck but we all want you to be happy no matter what!! If you stay that’ll be amazing but if you leave it’ll be okay!!
anyone that says pewds should quit, he pretty much already did, he is just doing it for fun now
when are u getting marzia pregnat
Don't quit, you have gone to a whole new level.  I think you have done some of your best work in the past year, especially with the Japan videos.  You seem more relaxed, you are a bit of a perfectionist, but you seem to be learning to relax.  Do the Japan videos but also take some time off and travel, and when you travel bring your staff or editor or cameraman along with you, just limit it to one person.  Or do the vids yourself and let go of the vids having to be perfect.  If you leave this you will get bord and start looking for a job, and you will end up back at the hot dog stand.  It won't be about the money; it will be about something to do.  You have to do something; you can't retire and be known for nothing.  I made a shitload of money, and of course I used my children as an excuse and sent them to the best private schools and traveled with my wife and kids and took ski vacations with them; but when I finally retired and was receiving my retirement check every month with money in the bank also, I started doing volunteer work.  Building housing complexes for the elderly, getting grants from US Agencies to do this, so grandma can afford to stay in the community near her kids but not have to live with them, and families that need subsidized housing because there are jobs that pay well, but rents are so high where I live that these people need help!
now that uve moved to japan i just wanna see u enjoy ur time there whether through ur vlogs or other ppls videos
I did watch many of your videos and enjoyed them, but I've always been here for you, you're a good person Felix. Enjoy what you want to do.
I'm so jealous of you're headphones they look Hella comfy for my big ears
Dude's been doing youtube for a long time. And I love the evolution of content! Here for the journey and ride. I hope you don't retire and just keep doing stuff like this. Unless you do wanna retire then please do. But it's fun to still have you around Felix!
Keep riding those waves bruh
I love your videos, pewds. Your uploads will forever be a source of immense joy for me. Never in a billion years would I ever want you to quit. However, at the end of the day, all I want is for you to be happy and at peace and do whatever it is that you want. ❣️
Don’t quit man , I needed you when I was young and I will still need you, tough times suck and you have helped me through, when I move away from family for my job, I didn’t have friends in the beginning. Your imagination and content have helped me in ways you won’t ever understand but I need you
wooden heaphones
love you pewds
Pewdipie retiring is like water disappeared from earth
Youtube king, honestly
Just do whatever you want to do Felix 👍
When will you play minecraft?
He's still out there. Somewhere. Beastmaster64
After watching for 10 years it’s been a privilege to consistently see pewdiepie
Damn Elden Ring impact was really crazy
we really all growing up
Was in a bad place mentally a few years ago, your videos always entertained me especially the LWIAY and Minecraft videos, i have some merch and gfuel from you, love you pewds you always helped me without even knowing it.  No matter what you choose to do , if it makes you happy then ill be happy to know someone who helped me is doing good
Wow my man has matured so much.
it would be interesting to see felix try japanese wood-working. i think it blends well with his swedish sensibilities when it comes to building stuff.
Its so funny that pewds just became a part of my life like a very good friend and it really doesn’t matter what he uploads i will still love it and be happy to see new videos on my feed
I was like 17 when i first saw Felix, now I'm 28, I'm happy he's in a place in his life where he can find enjoyment in life and in his videos again. He had it rough for a couple of years.
okay, cool :)
I don't really feel a part of the bro army, since haven't watched pewds in 4years, but I still remember watching happy wheels on my super small nokia phone when pewds was doing HW and amnesia. Making peeewdipiiiiie siren sounds in elementary school. Pewdiepie is an icon and I hope he gets to live life like he wants to.
Following you a long time and now it kinda feels like Im a proud friend lol. Seeing all these phases the channel has been through and how you grew and matured as a person through all of it with us tagging along  feels kinda special. You will always be my Youtuber nr 1. Much love from a fellow Swede
Whatever the content was at any point I enjoyed every second of it thank you Felix for the past 6 years of entertainment for me. Hope you have fun surfing 🏄‍♂️ 🌊
❤️❤️❤️
Love ya man, happy to have been here since the beginning.
just dont quit. i love your contents right now
You sound so self accomplished by that understanding alone and it’s truly inspiring, 💜
I mean, I'm here for whatever at this point, think originally someone showed me a Cat Mario video way back in the day, and I've been on this crazy ride ever since. Something would feel like it was missing without Pewds. Without any weird parasocial implications, this channel feels like an old friend that it's been an absolute joy to keep up with over the years.
Punch the mic, Felix. That's right, she's a dirty girl. Punch her again!
Just post videos when you want to share something with us! Otherwise just chill! We have 13 years worth of content lol
what are those headphones?
Me just watching 2021 content Minecraft to catch up.
Hi
Cute. Thank you for update. <3 scorpio
so how does tseries has 225m subs?
🎊
Heya Felix. I've been watching you since 2016. Never missed any uploads ever since. I'm glad to see you happier than ever with Marzia in Japan! Honestly I'm just gonna drop something in here cause it made me emotional. I've been watching you since I was in highschool, now I'm still far from it but I'm gonna graduate from college soon. It's cliché but I grew up with you. I matured with you. It kindda made me empty when you started to upload less and less but I got through it as time passed by. Now I'm just genuinely happy seeing you upload from time to time living the life you dreamed of once. Thanks for the heads up on what's happening and what's gonna happen in the future on the channel. I don't know how to say these words in less cringe way but thank you for helping me get through life when it gets hard for me for the past years. Your uploads made me through it and it still does. Ily man. That brofist got me and made me a bit emotional lol
You are always my best youtuber Pewds
The king and will always be the king. Full support on your future endeavors. Your videos will always be my cup of coffee every breakfast.
end that is why he is my favorite youtuber...
Omg
Thank you from all my heart for being there Felix. Do what you want to do.
brofist for lifetime
thank goood man, seeing you saying all those things makes me so satisfied and happy ngl
you have an onlyfans????
My eyes got a little watery when the brofist came. Thank you Felix I needed it.
u should quit
We're the same age Pewds. And you inspire me to just be who we are. Dipping my toe to streaming/youtube but really its just a hobby of mine and i just do it whenever i want to (like you). Anyway, still wish you all the best. :)
Always be a legend bro
It makes me so happy to know that Felix is able to prioritize himself and his happiness but it doesn’t mean he’s fully gone, he’s still uploading at his own pace and staying connected with his audience
I mean I get it but once’s a channel hits 100mill subs there’s no need to try hard I mean u made it
he has wrinkle and we have kids gahdamn
Stop capping
Grampa pewds
you are legend !  also that headset  looks  so heavy :D
Maturing is not a bad thing, if you had continued to do the same content, with the same sense of humor, I would have stopped watching a long time ago. You will always remain a YouTube legend, just enjoy yourself. We will continue to watch your videos for you, for your personality. We all grow up and you are not an exception. I mean, look at you now, with your big boy Audeze LCD headphones, not too long ago you were wearing headphones with cat ears.    - Brofist back at you.
Jesus H Christ,  could those headphones be any bigger?
I've followed you, because of you anyway
Help me reach 200 subscriber plz
Please don't quit!
Of all the role models that anyone should have on the internet, you've been a good one.
love you pewds<3
OMG YES YOU BETTER STAY
Even though I'd respect it, my heart would crack if he ever did quit. 💔
Politics and politicized subjects are just bullshit anyway, a narcissis trying to talk over other narcissists, "in the company of a wall". Basically "nonconversations". Pretentious wordpoo. Or someone ideologically scamming you. Or the human equivalent of ostriches. Im on a break from talking politics now. Talk about whatever you want though. Ill still listen.
You look great and extremely happy! Definitely can tell you’re looking after yourself and overall health. Happy for you.
I wanna see old pewds
Just an idea but I'd like to see you surfing. Even if it's when you got it down and can ride with no problems. I think it's cool to see and know what's going on. Much love pewds
luv u
i first watched him when i was 12yo, now i'm 23yo. What a journey...
just keep doin' what's makes you happy felix as long as you happy we're happy too that's makes more happy because we still here ever since amesia day's like the good all days i've been watching you since i was 12 year's old and now im already 22 now still watching you still you, supporting you we do not whaever content you make but hey, you've been helping other people like me, when i'm sad when my axiety or depressions attack.. when i want to escape from problems i'm just watch your video's and all of that will dissapear you do what you wanna do man, as long as you happy we 9 year old army's still here with you pewds we love you keep up the good work! love from the Phillipines ❤ sorry for my bad english is my 2nd laguage i just want to expressed my feelings and thanks felix for making a long wonderful journey!☺
bro fist, love you dude
Pewds:Why I quit  YouTube: PewDiePie's tuber simulator
W
You are such a great youtuber and person all the way!  You made my life feel more entertaining full of laughs and joy, and I'll keep looking up to you.  Brofist forever!
Pewdiepie, went from game channel to meme channel to just channel.
Nice
I don’t mind what you upload, I just like watching you do your thing. So do your thing.
Love you poods!
I will always support you bb best YouTuber of all time!!! Every single one of your videos is a banger
to me, pewds, you are at your e best for example when you ae clearly into the game or topic you are making the video about,  the content just naturally reflects it, and i for one can always wait for those games, topics or whatever to come. not to mention that as i want so bad to go to japan, the vlogs just have been really fun
Because you're *Pewds*
I think most of us watch pewds because its PEWDS. I honestly couldn’t care less what he uploads I will always enjoy anything he does. Ill always be proud of pewds even if he retires for good. We’ve all gone through so much as a community and we’ve grown alongside pewds as well. Its amazing where we’ve all gotten. Thank you for still making content pewds! Ill watch always until the last one! :)
we still love you pewds no matter whar
This is the one channel that I have been watching since I was kid and am still watching, although I will say throughout the years in middle school/ high school I tuned in and out as the content changed but I don't think that is such a bad thing because I still enjoyed pewdiepie as a person even if his content at the time I wasn't really into.
Retire? Noooooo
Someone please tell me what headset that he is wearing is
Yo Felix! Tja, hoppas detta når fram!  Been following you for a long time and I remember back many years ago, looking at your channel when you boomed with the Amnesia videos and seeing some of your COD commentary stuff that pretty much everyone was doing at the time. I had a bit similar thoughts and how the whole YouTube thing seemed like fun or interesting, but I just never felt like I could do it right or find various excuses to not chase that hobby, and so I didn't.  You are not that much older than me personally and seeing you and your channel grow and change has been very interesting but almost relatable and eye opening at the same time. Even though I've never really considered myself a fan, or been the most supportive or active towards your content, what I will say that you've been an inspiration, in particular as of last couple of years and how you've stuck around for so long. Even when things in life changed, your channel has still been around, you have been around for everyone that watched or watches.  Although I am a bit late to the party and YouTube feels like I'm just tossing rocks into a well sometimes, it's people like you that inspire me personally. Your success, the impact you've had on so many people and how humble you've remained through everything speak volumes, and that's honestly the kind of person I would've wanted to be if I were in your shoes.  Thanks for being a cool guy really!
You motivated me to launch my own blog and now I have the same freedom as you experience. Thank you 💜
If you enjoy making videos, you should not quit then. Do what you like.  Even if you don't upload as regularly, enjoy life and give the fans some news from time to time, i think most people would be happy with that.
👊
dont pull a jennamarbles please! these vlogs are great. I love the content!
just do what you want for your enjoyment, if you want yo share them or keep to yourself. its whatever you want and the real fans will be supportive
Thank you, Just Thank you!
If your having trouble, you can always take a break, man
kind of an unrelated thought: if you made a podcast with Ken I would listen the shit out of it
my favorite brofist, congrats and enjoy your life felix
B r o got the 2 million dollar headphones
We all love you Felix, After everything that you've done for us, after everything you've been through for our sake and entertainment, after everyone you've managed to inspire to do something to better themselves. We thank you, We look forward to seeing more your videos, videos that you wanna put out here. Enjoy your day Felix you deserve it.  Brofist👊
I would die a little inside if he did quit not going to lie. Been here since he made his Channel and I am plan on staying until the end hope not anytime soon.
because u didn't need too long live the king
awesome
I feel like youtubers are like musicians. You don’t retire, you just do it whenever you want.
I feel a empty hole in my heart
Totally understand man, enjoy ur time in Japan and with your wife man, whenever u wanna come back and do vids everyday again we’ll all be here man BRO ARMY FOREVER BROFISSSSSSTTTTTTTTTT. Been a fan since 2012 man so I’m not leaving anytime soon.
goofy headphones...
Epic stuff ❤️
Rename the channel your name
Jag antar att din age demografic har ändrats as well då vi åldras tillsammans. :) Så länge du inte känner att du behöver jaga de yngre så tror jag många uppskattar ditt nya content som japan vloggarna osv.. Bara du inte blir over preachy ! ;)
Whether you retire or not, stop uploading videos now, in a year or in 10 years, I think the most part of your audience would be fine with that. Alternatively, whatever you upload - everybody would be as fine with that. Just do what you love, we're always behind your desicions!
I actually think you are setting a new and healthier trend for youtubers, making videos sharing your genuine interests and aspects of life being lived genuinely will build an audience that wont leave when you arent recycling the everchanging youtube meta bullshit. You probably wont grow quickly but youll forsure outlast other channels in audience loyalty. And youve inspired me to stay true to myself and my interests in this space so thank you pewds!
Eat 13 bananas?
You the notion of you quitting makes me laugh out loud
I think it's important and healthy to have something to do consistently.  It's interesting how good mentally having "work" can be in general.
Felix, i swear to god. I Need you. You are helping me to deal with my anxiety. Please don’t quit.
We've always known Pewdiepie but it's nice to hear from Felix too
I have no words to express how much I (and I'm sure everyone else) appreciate you, so I'll  just press that little blue thumb below the video.
Why does he have speakers on his head?
I grew watching you from immature teenager and now im a young adult with my own responsibilities and preferences, I really understand the transition
play life is strange 2 👉👈
Shilling
We are so happy for you and Marzia! Thank you for all the amazing memories :)
TBH, I'm happy you didn't quit! Loving the content now
I respect the hell out of you pewds thanks for all the entertainment you've given us man love ya
Please, dont quit. Continue to do whatever content that you enjoy.
:D
I dont really watch the japan blogs (because at the end im just envious that i cant live there qwq) BUT I still like seeing them on my feed .... idk,, it's almost just reassuring to know that someone you've been watching for a long time is still alive and well.,... it'd feel really sad and empty if felix just disappeared from the face of the internet and we had no way of knowing if he was around or not.... not sayin we need to know *everything* that is going on in his life, cuz thats creepy lol, but ykno, i'll live happily knowing he's doing well.
just make what you want we'll be here enjoying wahtever you post, fi you post, as long as you are having fun i'll be having fun with the content, if anyone wanth to see more of the old content just go watch your old content
Is he working out? He looks so manly since I watched his video a few months ago.
homie wearing speaker on his ears god damn them things are huge
Just glad to hear you smiling
the loyal fans, the people that really love felix as a person, will always be here
Niceee cans.
Watching you all these years while growing up, you've become in a way part of our life like a family  We love you pewds and support you in what you do
damn those are some big fuckin headphones
You did great
That occasional little "*thoonk*" sound...was he just hitting his mic setup?  I think I noticed more b/c I was mostly listening while doing something else, not staring right at him the whole time.
Love you pewds
❤️
I will always return for one last brofist.
Love you for always being down to earth and never caving to social pressure and far left ideology, your awesome and you can do this until you’re 50. No point quitting simply because you’re not competing with mr beast on views etc lol
Almost shed a tear after that bro fist.. I remember as a kid enthusiastically fist pumping my screen after every video no matter if it was new video or me binge watching, just cuz of how happy this sweedish mf made me.  Much love and respect for you pewds💯🖤
I'm glad you still do YouTube you were my top ten YouTube now you moved up since fred left and smosh and prank vs prank split and the other got cancel your still one of my top 10
I really enjoyed when you were reading books or talking about some lol that's content I enjoyed out your channel
Maybe just a longer vacay ?
Jumped across the room to make it in time for the brofist, really really happy for you pewds, I hope you keep on uploading whatever kind of videos that make you happy
stfu you've made these kind of videos 20 times
Those headphones look so dope I wonder what kind they are
Really cool that after so many years doing YouTube he still wants to upload even though he doesn’t need to
It's funny how long it's been now. I found out about you/discovered you when I was at boarding school back in 2011. My roommate at the school was a fan of yours and showed all of us your videos. Our entire "wing" (school was split up in different "wings") would gather to watch your Amnesia videos in the weekends after dark. I recall the collabs with DJ Morfar and watching him too at the time, it feels like forever ago now. I've pretty much watched since then.  From your apartment in Sweden to Marzia's basement in Italy, back to Sweden then to the UK, to having your own office, to now living in Japan. It's been a crazy ride. I'm very happy you didn't quit during a low time, especially because of controversies. If you're ever gonna wanna quit, it should be on a high note. You owe that to yourself. Keep on keeping on Pewds.
don't quit pewds, make more collabs with ken.
Youtube would be a sadder place without you, I would be happy with just 1 video a month to know what's been going on in your life. Thanks for not quitting!
Pewds was the first YouTuber I watched and subscribed to, back when he was playing Amnesia. I must have been 13 or 14 at the time, now I'm 25, it's been a journey.
What a video to give me after I started to watch your vlogs and videos again its such a happy feeling to keep having contact with you!. I would love to keep seeing videos! normal  like advices,  exercise, you keep helping a lot of people with what you are doing like chating and remembering the awesome time that we have with you. Im proud of what you have done, you keep being  you, Appreciate you too, Felix. Just yesterday I brofisted in congratulations again and you give me this how can I not be joyful.
Pewds, I have an idea for your new endeavor: PODCAST. I think I speak for a lot of people when I say you’d nail the platform!
you (and your channel) have come full circle now and I think that's beautiful <3  enjoy your happily ever after (who, if not you, is to say yt can't be a part of it for now?)  best wishes to you and marzia <3 (brofist)
Don’t ‘quit’. Just be happy and do you. If you want to upload, people will watch. If you don’t, just be happy in what you do.
Get into a new hobby and film it , make car videos like buy a gtr and mod it
❤️❤️❤️
u good do whatever bro
You know what you should do Felix? To do something that can equally annoys everyone😭🤣.   Jokes aside, whatever your content was I always watched. After so many years if I ever come across you in our lifetime, Id greet you like family. That's how I see you and Marzia at this point, just part of my life, family, friend, a relative. Personally Id be content with what you wish to do and achieve later on. I'll be here.
I love the Ken content
I wonder if one day pewds will create his own series that shows how his worldview affects it. It'd be cool to see a personal journey fictionalized.
PewDiePie never quit i love your new videos keep uploading
Back in elementary my younger brother and I would hang out watching pewds. I’m third year in college and my brother is already studying in a university. Its crazy how we still watch pewds till now.
I discovered your content in 2018, and I felt so late. and now Ive been watching your videos for 4 years, time really flies.
There is a reason why production studios or film artist. Has multiple people working on it. We can take marvel for an example, they gone to space, fought against aliens multiple times. How are they supposed to top that? The answer is. They can't, but they don't need to. Some of us simply want an iron man 3 that is set before he died. Some wants more backstories on heroes that have yet been fully explained. But instead they brought multiuniverse in and you know how that went. (Some are complaining that choice basically makes all outcomes meaningless, since they can just bring in people from other universes, spoiler, which they already done) Btw hulk is a calm collective person now.  Anyway, what I am trying to say is, that you don't need to top your content anymore. Nor come with original ideas since those simply do not exist. Have fun and screw barrels.
You can do this as long as you want Pewds. And if you wanna quit, quit.
Because you want money?
Hi Felix, I just want to say that personally, I’m glad that you decided not to quit. I’ve been watching your videos since I was 10 years old. I had a rough time with a death in the family and my parents splitting up. Your videos really helped keep me happy and not feel alone. I’m now 21, so I’ve been watching your videos for a bit over 11 years. I would be sad if you quit, but I would understand because you’re living your life and you’ve made it. I’m proud of your journey, and I’m glad you let us bros be apart of it all. Stay awesome 👊🏻
This is thirties
It's actually pretty cool that your previous content has become your own sort of Wittgenstein's ladder, i m liking the vlog japan content, medium is the message
Please don't quit.. I enjoy your current content! I miss the try things from wish serie though 😁
Since just a kid screaming at barrels. Keep enjoying your retirement. It’s gotta be nice to let go, experiment and not have to chase the algorithms and trends. Just create when and what you feel could be fun
Gunpla builds!
Yepp .. You do You bro .. Keep it chill ..
pewdiepie is the best youtuber duddddeee brofist for lifetime
I'm glad you're still here 💜
I love Pewds and Ken colabs
Pewds, just do what you want. Me and the rest of your supporters would honestly watch a whole 10 minute video of you talking about how paint dries.
I’ll keep watching his old videos forever, pewds is all i watch on youtube SO GLAD he’s not planing to quit anytime soon
I love you Felix <3 you truly made my days better and you still make my days better with your content and mainly with your personality. You kind of became a part of my life through this platform :D you turned my bad days into good days and my happy and great days into even better days :) I deeply appreciate all the things you have done for me personaly and for this comunity you created. Enjoyed every single chapter of your evolution. I am gonna always, no matter what you do, support you.  Sorry for this “essay” I just felt like I have to say Thank You for everything you do :)
We want GTA
You completed youtube, now it's time to restart and play the part that was fun.
I think vlog channels and videos kinda fell off, but you filming your adventures in japan is so entertaining and different its amazing
Tbh the last 2 years have been some of the best, love you bro❤️
EVEN IF YOUR RETIRED, YOU GOTTA COME CHILL WITH YOUR BROS!!! THANKS BRO!!! 👊
It'd be cool to see Pewds watch some of his most popular old videos to see how he feels about his old content and watch the funny cringe lol
Felix, do more of the stoic philosophy stuff Looked at Marcus Aurelius meditations yet?
Bro really gave me goosebumps w the brofist.
Dope Headset
pllls pewds we want so see more reaction ( jubilee,dr phil, tlc) videos  and pls don't quit you intretain us
Who tf is telling him to quit huh.... Listen to me bro you do what u like
DO WHATERVER CONTENT MAKES U HAPPY IF IT IS VLOGS, GAMING, OR NOTHING DO THAT!!!
Absolute chad at every stage of your life👏👏Keep going legend, whether or not you decide to quit you will always be remembered as Youtube’s greatest icon🙌🙌
damn we really did grow up with the channel. thanks for the content, we love it!
You’ve grown up. It’s not a bad thing. I’ve enjoyed the contents evolution. Keep being happy. 💙
Hey bros hows it going its Pewdiepie and today we will be playing call of duty black ops 1
🥺😭❤❤❤
🙄
No clue who this is
Yo we whit u Felix🗿
I've enjoyed all your content since 2012, along with its many phases, we love you pewds, keep ejoying your life!
Been watching Pewds since 2012 a couple more weeks it will become a decade :O
Legend.
A PewDiePie video... TRENDING?! Never thought i'd see it again...
Bro the biggest curse of growing is change :P , but sometimes its good and fun. I've been watching your videos since amnesia playthroughs and whatever you did since was really fun and enjoyable , tbh it was a journey ill never forget. I hope you keep doing like that with less stress and with your natural way.
I can’t imagine the day where you won’t be uploading anymore but I appreciate whatever content you are posting nowadays!! You are amazing Felix!!
He says his old videos were just distractions but for me that was the whole point right?
I havnt even finished the video,  pewds I'm so glad you're happy with where you are do what makes you happy!
how can you hate this man
Man the brofist after so long, dont make us (9 year old army) cry
i watched in tik tok that PewDiePie retired , but i visited his channel he returned XD. hahahahaha
love you felix hope i can live a fraction of the life you've lived. growing up without a father you are the man i aspire to be. its hard to put into words how your presence has affected the life i live love you daddy pewds
have fun man, just have fun
You don't look like a boy anymore. You still kind of sound like one but what you say is often more mature now.
That's great, but please archive your antics throughout the years and let old Pewdiepie stay at the peak. Let Pewdiepie be remembered for vs Tseries and all the crazy antics and rebrand as something new to keep the integrity of Pewdiepies legacy intact and undiluted. Otherwise a new generation will grow up thinking Pewds is some old fart walking around town in Japan.    Either way, I've grown up with you on YT and i totally understand what you're saying. Thanks for everything man
He started when I was 14 xD Bro don't make me feel old geez.
No worries Felix! You do you! We're just here for the ride. I'll always be a viewer :)
W
the real ones were here before even 1m views...
Bro just post videos for fun at this point 👍👍
When I'm feeling down, a just warm up some bitch lasagna!
If you decided to quit I wouldn’t blame you. I’m glad that you’re still making whatever you want to post and just having fun with it instead of it being a job.
Somethings really never change Poods
❤️
BRO DONT QUIT. jk quit whenever you like it. I just want to say that most of your videos are really inspiring and brightens my days
Honestly, I don’t watch pewdiepie anymore. The content isn’t bad, if anything it’s better, I feel I’ve just changed my desirable content flow over time. But I always come back every month or two to see what’s going on, how he’s doing, what kind of videos he’s making. Pew got me through countless times in my life an being a 23 year old man now, pew has a place in my heart like no other youtuber, or person really. I’m never going to meet him, he’s never going to be my friend, but he’s been such a pivotal point in my life that if I came back one month to see he had fully retired, while I would be happy for him, I’d also be heart broken. From bro fisting the screen as a pre teen to quoting happy wheels bits in junior high, to watching his meme reviews while I did college essays. He’s always been there and I hope he stays. Basically thanks Felix, I doubt you will ever understand the impact of your reach, I’m glad you are having so much more fun now
i do miss meme review :( i am a boomer without it lol. You were my tanslator
Don’t quit! Bro ❤️
The Katy perry video is stil my favorite
One shouldn't focus on getting famous and earning lots of money, you don't deserve it if that's what you are living for. You should focus on doing something you love and which can make a lot of other peoples lives easier, if you manage to do that, then fame and money will come as a biproduct and if it hasn't come yet, then you need to improve yourself first.
as much as your channel has grown in the past years I think you grew as a person the most and its beautiful to see. I’ve been watching your channel since I was 9 and im 20 now. I learned english through your videos and you were the first youtuber I watched every single day. I think other people that also have been watching you for a while dont really think the type of content you post matters its more about hearing from you and seeing you. I watched marzia’s videos all the time with my mom and when she quit ofc i missed her videos but I care more about her well being and yours too. So just post whatever makes you happy man even if it means you quit. The real fans just wanna see you happy and hear from you once in a while.
When Felix does the brofist it feels like 2013 ❤️
Great to see you at your most comfortable Felix. I've sadly stopped watching as much as I've been working on enriching different parts my life, mostly fitness and writing my novel, sorry! But I'm still here and I'll keep checking in on you bro. It's been a journey
Really enjoying the Japan videos. I will never be able to visit so this is my chance.
Damn those headphones look sick.
Will the live streams be coming back?
Felix. If you sometime feel homesick and feel like recording a new swedish meals cooking video, hook me up! I hereby invite you to my newly renovated kitchen in a swedish smalltown for some unconventionel content! I'm no Youtuber, no twitcher, nothingtogainordinaryguy, just a longtime follower. Upvote this comment to get Felix take a break from Japan and come back to Sweden for a visit :D
Nice Going, PewDiePie. What does Felix think?
Pewds Fell off
I was just thinking when is Pewds next song dropping? You should find a way to release the song that got removed, it was so dope. I honestly hope you never stop uploading, even if it becomes very infrequent or very different content... everyone needs some kind of creative outlet and I think you're very accustomed to this being yours. Whatever you do with the channel we're here for it.
Those headphones ..they are lit😵
It's been almost 8 years since I first started watching pewds vids and tbh I feel like we all have been maturing together, we all have been through the crazy phase with him and now its more of a relaxing phase. It seems like the content he makes at the moment is v relatable and calming. and i live for this content fr
I'm not gonna lie man, I started watching you back in 2012. Made an account in 2013, and didn't sub for the longest time because I was a stupid kid who thought that subscribing meant I had to pay or something lol. Nevertheless, I couldn't help but search up "Pewdiepie" and try to watch every amnesia video I could. I didn't have a way to play games back then, so your videos were always the peak of my day. There was something special about having you up in the corner while playing games that made me feel like I had someone to enjoy moments with. Through the years, we've both changed a lot. It's really amazing to see how far you've come, and I think no matter what you decide to post or how often, you deserve your time to not stress anymore & live. Thanks for being a part of my childhood man.
What headphones do you use pewds?
Suffering from success.
Been loving your new content. Loved your old. It’s been a great journey watching your channel change and will always enjoy what you come up with. Thank you
Death.
The day he truly quits will be so sad but whatever he wants to do he deserves it
thanks for the update!!
I am so happy that you are still here I could cry. I love you so much
You cant quit before scare pewdiepie season 2 comes out
The world is your oyster Pewds. Just don't eat it raw.
I don't know what videos u are going to make but i really like ur japanese snacks review.I think those kinds of vidoes related to japanese things are really fun and new to us.
The chill vibes of the vlog format is a nice change of pace if that's what you've got going on. No need to force something else if you can't get into it. Not sure who would complain about that, but people and things change over time. Just do what's comfortable. Seems most comments say we're all good here, and if you need time off we're ok with that too.
Im the 1000 comment. U shouldn’t quit.
But ur previous wasnt and will never be lame ...
Could you believe this is the same guy screaming at barrels like almost a decade ago?
I haven't actually watched this channel in years, but it's somehow comforting to know that it's still hanging around. One of the veterans so far ahead in the eternal race that he can just sit in the stands and watch, not running the horse dry like some other big names, it's good to know he's still around.
Thank you for being so honest and open with us Felix. Would’ve supported your decision to quit but so-so happy you’re still here and enjoying yourself!
Cant wait for the pewds surfing trick montage with dubstep in the background
I kind of love seeing these videos of you more. They are the real you instead of who you pretend to be for some videos.  Just keep being you Felix and just upload when you feel like it.
I agree with some comments you are very much a comfort channel for a lot of your fans especially the ones that grew up with you
👊🏾
all i wanna see is beastmaster69 one more time 🙏
I think we’re all just glad that you’re happy, you’re a big inspiration to many and we’re glad that you’ve found your peace. We love you man, keep up the good work.
Money
Chopa
Bring back Pewds does everything?
Gambate brother!
I want some drama so I can defend u blindly
I remember being a kid and having to do a class speech in school and I did it on you that was in 2013, I'm a grown man now and still enjoy whatever content you make cause I grew up watching it, you helped make many people the person they are today and no matter what we all support your decisions💕
"i should quit youtube"  "but its my dream"
THE KING HAS SPOKEN
All these years I've always enjoyed your content no matter what it was cause I love watching you have fun and I have loved watching you grow up. How much you've changed over the years is so empowering and I know you cringe at a lot of your old videos but I wish most of that was still on the channel cause it's part of the PewDiePie experience to watch this shy dork making whatever edgy jokes and screaming a lot to get views grow and evolve into a more well rounded, reflective person. You're a testament to the power of change and an example to public figures everywhere--whether you like to be or not--of how to genuinely learn and change from your mistakes and just grow up in general. And I think your young audience is positively influenced by that. That's why I like your retirement days as well cause it's inspiring to see you doing what you want for fun and sharing your thoughts without the pressure and nearly as much outside attention now that Mr Beast is becoming the #1 YouTuber. He can wear that heavy crown now and you can just relax and hopefully share your continued journey with us. You're still young and I still wanna keep growing up with you Felix. But I'm glad you went this route instead of quitting cold turkey one day. There was a time I watched your videos every single day and it was the one ounce of happiness I had in my life back then. These days seeing less and less of you has helped me learn I don't need you to be happy and when I do see you you still bring that extra joy to my day. Keep doing exactly what feels right in your heart, Pewds. It really shows.
Hi felix! Been a fan for over a decade. Just wanna express my gratitude for being part of my teenage life. Hoping you the best for your future endeavors. Got my board examination this upcoming november hoping  to have a good result when i come back here at this post.
❤❤❤
His headsets grow in size year by year. Do pewds’ ears keep growing and thats why he gets bigger headsets? Who knows!
We love you, brofist
Those headphones are huge😅
Do whatever makes you happy bro. If you are excited to wake up in the morning you're on the right track.
even though i barely watch your vids, i really love all the vlogs. its really helpful for me because i really want to move to japan someday. please don't ever stop pewds! i grew up watching your vids.
No matter what you do lols I’m so happy you have posted and seeing you grow from the first time I saw your channel in 2012 as a 14 kid it made me happy to see you enjoy gaming and I wanted to emulate how happy you were with life, even the stressful years and times you wanted to quit it’s really nice because it you look human seeing an idol of mine living life how I did having obstacles or stressing as every adult does so I’m thankful you post these more intimate and honest videos that make me so intrigued to hear what you will talk about next or eve just explain how you are feeling/ just what’s on your mind currently. It still makes so happy seeing you progress through life and doing things you truly want to do now I hope Japan is everything you want it to be!
Don't quit! You're awesome, just do you! :D Much love always
Honestly i been watching you ever since i was little, but didn't truly subscribed till i started high school because it never occurred to me on creating an account. But from back then to here seeing how you changed it really stood out for me, but in a very good way. Now a days i just wait till i get the notification of you uploading since from here till today you have been a comfort youtuber to me and more recently since you look so relaxed and really enjoying yourself im really enjoying this more than expected hahaha
Feels like Pewds just watch "Everything everywhere all at once" and he is like "whats the point of life", "nothing really matters"
Thanks for entertaining us
nice  you are not quitting. NOW PLAY GOD OF WAR RAGNAROK WHEN IT'S OUT PLSSSS. I love your japan content and everything else plus if you came up with the gameplay videos once more. any video games of course! it will be total perfection, bringing the nostalgia back from the good ol' days. just find a suitable time to play those games pewds, I know you have other commitments and stuff to do, but I'll be waiting for it no matter how long it takes. but pls- make them pls. :'
Can u give me one of your channels ik it does sound good to say it but listen just please so my farther died when I was 12 so I’ve been holding on to his car I did some upgrade to it cause it was getting old and that the last thing of his I got so it been sitting and I’ve been saving up and the dude told me it gonna be much more to build it again almost everything is messed up n i just need some help I’m working but that fr not enough wanna start yt it a grind with no income so it a 25/75 % to get sum fame but like this comment if ur willing to give me your lowest channel if it works out I’ll give you 15% of my check every month until ur satisfying also I got 3 siblings 3 dogs kinda of crazy but wanna do big thing just need someone to give me a chance plz give me one
Poodz, I followed you since I don't even know, since I was studying in my 20's, now I am 33 and I went through those changes with you, watching you every day, laughing and thinking, growing with you... I am at a point of my life when I start a new chapter, I will have my own family next year, so I understand you I will be very sad when you will to move on, but I will be also happy for you, I already am. Thank you for all the fish I mean vids and nice times, please don't delete the old compilation vids, those are all time favourites. And don't leave just yet please 😅 thanks
Those headphones covering his ears and cheekbone at same time 😉
I think were all ready for PewDiePie 2
Bro fist 👊♥️
Pewds really needs a girlfriend
Start cultivating cactus, there Is a lot of cultivars in japan. I think you'd like It  😅
Just do whatever you like man, that's usually when your videos are the best. I love chilling out with the Japan content
So first video was minecraft,last one should be pewds visiting sven
Without you, Outerminds wouldn't be what it is today. You were there for us from the start and without this entire journey of yours, none of this would have been possible. Thank you so much for giving us an amazing opportunity to work with you on amazing games. We are extremely thankful and hope you enjoy Japan fully, and make videos on subjects you love at your own pace. You deserve it.
PewDiePie.......YOU ARE YouTube. I don't know of anyone who influenced more YouTubers than you. Keep doing what you do.
What was the drama 2 years ago?
Pweds is the Michael Jordan of YouTube
mrbeast is going to beat you in subs soon and you have to win
Pewds, I started watching you when I was 13 and I am 21 now. You really inspire me to grow and learn every single day. I just find comfort in watching you. I will always love you no matter what you do. 👊❤️
We’ll always be here Felix.
how is sven? how is joergen? we would like a vid on your first minecraft map
PewDiePie has gone soft. He’s too feminized.
My boi Felix is the main character no kap
noooo don't quit!!!!
It has been very entertaining trip over the years. I always remember how relaxing it was to watch your videos when I was at my lowest :) and still is :)
Been following you more closely since "Bitch Lasagna", good to see you trying your best to set a good example for so long
Do more minecraft
I’m so proud of you 🥺 You’ve came so far 💕
Ive never really followed his channel before apart from the minecraft and pokemon go episodes. Im loving the japan updates so I follow his every vlog. I hope you go on Pewds! don’t be too critical with editing and stuff just relax and enjoy!
Love how for some reason this is top 4 on trending, his gamer aura is too op for the internet
Bra! Och sluta prata om att du ska sluta 👻, ingen vill det, de som skriver att de gör det är dina konkurenter. Ha det så kul och lada snart upp någonting 👍🙂
You're successful, but more than that, you look fulfilled right now. That's why, like you reflected, above all you should do things that make you happy. Damn the views and social blades, you do not need them anymore, sharing your passions and characters like you've been doing more and more the past two years definitely seems like the right thing to do, especially since your core fans will not get tired of your channel just because you sometimes do a video format they don't like.
We all grow older and our taste in entertainment changes too. I think it's totally reasonable to just do YOU! :) The fans who enjoy you will always come back around, and who knows what kind of experiences fans end up relating to. For example, your book reviews is my top favorite so far, followed by the philosophical explanations and your japan vlog! We all don't have to like the same things, but it's interesting to see someone else's perspective of the world :)
Ngl he got me in the first half Gave me a heartattack 🥺 But piliz felix nevor qit  🛐🛐
Geez yer house
Does japan have its own version of surfer dudes? It seems like Japanese people would be to modest for that kind of thing
You're awesome man, such an inspiration never quit my brother we love you 👊👊
Been here at your channel since 2011 or 2012 watching you playing Outlast and other horror video games stuff. I am so happy all the way through your huge success as a YouTuber Pewds. Even though I am not a YouTuber but I am so proud to be your avid fan since then. Love you Pewds here from Philippines.❤️
Eeeeeeenesbatur səndən geriyə kalmad😎
Do what you like, love and enjoy Pewds. We'll always be here to watch it and support you no matter what
I feel so lucky to have found this channel years ago grown up with you and this community. Thanks to you Pewds for the great content!
we are growing along with you
I don't want you to quit, but I also don't want you to keep making videos if you don't enjoy it. I will always love what you put out, just as I always have. Just because you won at life, doesn't mean nothing along the way to the end matters anymore. I like the vibes of retired Pewdiepie. You make what makes you happier. I would love to see the old style of content again, LWIAYs, lets plays, buying random shit online, but if that's not what brings you joy, I don't want you to force yourself to do anything. I'll never unsub and I'll never hate a new era of content. Times change, people change, and so content too must change, or we risk just going through the motions.
Do what you wanna do man. I still look forward to every upload.
Biggest YouTuber in the world its sad that YouTube corporate ignores him and doesn't give him the recognition he deserves and has earned
The changes keep it fresh and fun for you AND for us.  I love the ride.
DO YOU PEW!
Well Played, Felix. What does PewDiePie think?
We don't want you to leave.
-1000 rip L + ratio
GET DEEEPPPPP!!!!!!!!!
undeniable goat of youtube/content creation
I started watching Felix in 2010 and it was awesome! glad you are moving on and pursuing your dreams Felix!
Keep doing what you love Pewds, we love your content over the years, seeing you grow and us growing with it. A lot has changed over the years and it's really wholesome that what our community has become. We all support and respect your decisions and are very thankful to your content.  We are just SO glad that you got to do all that and now you're at your fav place and living a great life with Marzia and the pugs in Japan. We hope you the best. We'll be here and is thankful for all the years of videos  It's been a great journey :))
I honestly don't care what you upload because I enjoy it all! Really loving the Japan videos as it's been my dream since I was a kid to visit there. Keep doing what you love and your subs will support you even if that means retiring from YouTube.
Love it❤️ bro live your life!!!❤️
Why quit? Just have fun and make videos when you want
Felix, my dude! Yes! Please! Just do whatever you want, you deserve it! If you upload once a month or whatever thats tottaly cool. You are our friend, you give updates when you want to, we'll be here, loving every second of it! ❤ peace love and spy
What are those goofy a55 headphones
Allt of ppl including me would be very sad if youd quit. Ofc it is your choice, your life, and completely relatable. But I personally really enjoy where your life journey is headed. I love Japan, love seeing you happy in Japan.
WOOO I FOUND OUT YOURE SWEDISH WOOOOO 🇸🇪 🇸🇪 🇸🇪 🇸🇪  💙  💙  💙
Man you are unironically a male figure to follow. To grow, to be better. Thanks for being yourself bro. Happy to see you happy, enjoy japan and your amazing wife! I will be here trying my best waiting for that next cool upload
NO FUCKING WAY 👊🏽
You're being very sensible  In contrast to that. Any chance you could revive beast master 64 and dont-tell-marzia-productions?  My wife would be very grateful
Pewds, Felix whatever you wanna call him, is just a hero for me.  I’ve been watching his videos for 11years now and I always liked his content. I always feared changes but as I followed him growing and changing constantly I guess that kind of helped me dealing with them. The mindset, the views he has is motivating me all the time and watching him getting stronger both physically and emotionally keeps me pushing. So I wanna say thank you Felix, I am truly grateful! Been watching and will watching your videos till you upload.❤️ Wishing you the bests
I know you got huge PP but it is mega huge PP for sharing this
It's cool Felix, we just want you around <3 Great to see you happy
Good riddance compadre!!! Happy for the community
I’ve loved seeing your progression and just like us living our lives, everything changes. We aren’t the same we were 2 years ago and I love you aren’t either. I’m so happy you’re at a point where you are able to enjoy yourself. That really is all that matters
That golden age of horror videogame let’s plays was a truly  incredible time
What are your headphones called?
Love u Felix
Fan since 2013
You know its been quite a while since I watched a vid of his and.. there he is, still being just, fucking awesome.   Felix youre in the top 10 people Id love to get drunk with and just spent a whole night talking and having a good time
Its a weird feeing that i’ve been watching Pewds since I was 10yrs old and now im about to turn 20. He practically grew up with me.
i ll delete my 17 years old channel ..
We love you Pewds <3
Don't ever leave us Pewds
Honestly, you should keep uploading and making videos. We like them but you seem to like them too. Maybe you can have a re-emergence and do PewDiePie too or some s***.
I miss the old pewdiepie who used to roast and not give a fuck but i still admire the new mature pewdiepie
I remeber watching all of the daily content back in like 2013ish and so on when I was 12 and even tho so much time have passed I always kept Pewds in high regards. Peak comfort YouTuber
Do whateva you wanna do dude ❤️
Thanks for the update Felix! Just so you know for a lot of us 19 year olds that has been stuck on your channel for so long, all we want to see are you being happy and do whatever that brings you happiness, cheers.
The good ending
I think I been here since u played evie that's how I found his channel how about all u guys who read this when did u start watching
I’d love to see a movie about this guy. Don’t know how they would do it or how interesting it would be, but he’s had so many highs and lows. I think something like that would be pretty cool.
we love you pewds, enjoy life!
🤗
I’ve been around since the amnesia days and to see him still here and finally enjoying himself makes me feel as though, I’ve been through every step of the way with Felix.  I’m so glad to have found your channel, and to have stuck by you since then. It’s been such a journey and I’m happy to see that you’re finally able to enjoy life. Stay awesome Felix, you truly deserved it!
Thanks for always uploading pewds/felix and making my day better with every video
You say you do it for fun, but man please try to make videos like the one you were doing when you were in that big building (you know when you were making videos about getting the most dislikes, the beastmaster, the "I RESPECT WAHMAN" etc) those wer so funny and i Miss them. Do you feel like that too much and you dont want to put the energy to do them again? If yes thats a shame, they were soo funny, some i watched several times
Gaming
М!!!
111
When did I find you. Before I deployed to Afghanistan the second time. 2011, 2012 somewhere in there. I got back all messed up and couldn't get out of bed after surgery. So I watched you play through a couple good games. I had also played through so it was a unique experience to watch you go through. Especially journey which really is special. So keep doing you.
was listening and all but was so distracted by those headphones
your an insparation if you quit i and many others will be sad
Well, some of us still enjoy your uploads whatever it is. Still, I'm gonna watch your uploads until I get old. If I'll still be around.
I like your content no matter what it is.
I have always watched your videos for you and just you. The content doesn't matter, it's you and your personality and I love to have seen your growth over the years channel or personal growth. You're entertaining and that's why you are popular!
Money
The most enjoyable videos of yours are the ones where you're enjoying what you're doing. Hopefully you will be able to continue doing that!
I stopped watching your videos a while ago, but yesterday I was doing some cleaning and found drawings I made about you and Marzia, I was 12 back then, and now I'm 20. It's insane to see how much you've grown, even if I don't watch your videos anymore, you guys will always have a special place in my heart. It makes me nostalgic. The drawings are cringey af but I still remember having a wonderful time during that period. Life was good.   I'm proud of you and Marzia for everything you accomplished. Do whatever you wish to do!
I’m happy i could grow with you.  I have my adult life where i cannot watch daily video’s anymore. And you have your retired life and choose to not upload daily. It’s a win win for most of us. 👌🏼 Keep doing whatever you like Felix!
What about new channel and different content from new pewds?🎶
ur channel is kinda ded ngl 💀
I love that you are uploading what you want! The japan vlogs are so beautiful and fun to watch, it's interesting to see what you'll post next!
hey felix i love your content please dont quit i love to watch you videos entire life.. :)
As the many have already said, i LOVE the vlogs of felix and marzia.
Don’t quit. I love you. You made my childhood
I understand that all the short quick distractions we have today can easily take control of your life. Moving away from that and focusing on what's important is a great choice. I've been trying to make changes and improve in this regard. I respect your decision. 頑張れ!
I’ll enjoy watching your videos as long as you choose to keep uploading whatever form your content takes
You should start an entirely new channel with a voice changer. Make it one without a facecam. Really remain anonymous.
Här från början gillar ditt gamla men inte ditt nya men Gör det du gillar
Heya Felix! I don't really watch your videos for a few years now and I don't know if you'll ever see this but you've been a staple in my life in your early career. I subscribed to you when you had around 8000ish subscribers and watched and re-watched most of your horror playlists. I never did understand whether you enjoyed those games or played them purely to entertain, but you definitely managed with said entertainment. Even today I sometimes re-watch some playlists.  I probably won't watch you much at all anymore but I really want to say THANK YOU, just for being there for us all. Have an amazing life.
you are like a big brother to me who I had a deep connection with and the recents events are like our life just....growing. Dont say words like quit man. Makes me shed a tear.Take a 5 year break what not. but quit man.....that would make a part of MILLIONS of heart just...empty.😢😢
mic boing 4:08
Pewds, I haven't been keeping up with the channel that much but I'm very glad that you are continuing YouTube. You might be a nuisance towards some people, but all I have to say is: "Fuck the haters". You, Mark, and Jack have been a inspiration to me since my sophomore year of highschool. You have never ceased to disappoint me with some of your content. Continue doing what makes happy. Brofist.👊
Can you do more redit videos and gaming videos again?
You’re an inspiration to all of us, and definitely shown progress and growth 💜
Felix, you’ve brightened my day countless times, and gotten me through some pretty rough spots. I support you all the way 100%. Crazy to think I used to be some 9 year old watching your videos, but now I’m 20 and trying to figure out how to be an adult lol. Thanks for doing everything you do man, much luck and much love. Can’t wait to see what more you do :))
Pewds ready for Bebe?
love to hear that “something’s never change”
Love you man ❤️
Do What You Want.  We Love You.
Beast master 64 was some of the craziest times will we ever get and ending for  this character?
There are many people that enjoy the content you make for what the video may contain, but I always find myself enjoying the content because you are in it. All I ask is that you continue to do what you enjoy, because when you're happy I'm happy. And if you do decide to retire, I will continue to be happy, because you will have been the one thing I needed you to be, someone I could look up to.
I'm here for you, not for stupid Japan vlogs.  Anyone can make these vlogs with the same level of entertainment. It's nothing special.
No matter what your content is, I will stay watching your uploads and support you Felix. I really think you're the main character if youtube is a movie. Countless arcs and character developments throughout the years. I'm glad you decided to stay doing what your really want.
Write a book
I’m proud I’ve been a part of your fan base in your prime. I remember waiting everyday for a new video. I knew it was going to be entertaining every time.
I prefer you to keep uploading even if people ask you to quit, no man you do you and I’m here to watch bro fist 🤜🏼
Take a shot Every time Felix bumps his mic.   Kidding, love you Man we love what you love enjoy your life first ❤️ 🤛🏼
LETS GOOO HE AINT GOING ANYWHERE
love you pewds and thank you for the content you worked hard for , for all these years :)
The meme type of videos were fine, but honestly, your best videos are when you make them because is something that you enjoy  or the ones aabout philosophy
But from where u gonna get money from huh
This is the period when most vet youtubers make a choice on this career. Look at felix's friend Jacksepticeye, he's been giving up and griefing on his own gaming videos for nearly a year now. I'm glad felix has found a good direction instead of becoming like that.
btw is beastmaster64 still alive?
As someone who was a fan since 2013, You really dont have to quit if you still enjoy making content Like the frequency of your videos became much more spread thin, but it doesnt feel forced, doesnt feel like something that must be done every single day and it really shows, cause its laid back, chill, casual and genuine whether its vlogs or videos with Ken or Jack and we all enjoy it so keep doing you man, enjoy the life you deserved!
You created an entire industry. So many people are getting rich now based on your model. I wish you could get compensated for that, but I hope you know that you've literally changed the world. I know you never set out to do that, and you've never seemed to be fame obsessed or money obsessed. That is why your fans love you and are loyal. It has been cool to see you grow and change. Your audience is growing and changing too. I think that's better than being stuck in teenage mode as a 60 year old. I love your new style. The vlogs are relaxing, and the occasional silly video is fun too. It's like life, there are changes and there is variety. Keep being you.
🐐
Hey Felix you do you. We will (I will) allways enjoy your content. Thank you for being you.
Do whatever you want as long it’s fun and makes you happy
fucking legend
Despite what everyone thinks about the content you have been uploading and providing, you grew so much because you did what your heart drove you to. PewDiePie is you and thats why its the most honest and successful channel on youtube imo. Keep it where your hearts leads you!
Didnt even watch the video just saw the thumbnail and title feel like I need to Express my gratitude to you felix, ik very glad you've yet to quit
Nice upload once again, Pewds! Retired but doing it for fun definitely sounds nicer than having to constantly vomit out videos everyday. I’m glad these videos are truly what you enjoy and you’re happy to share online. I prefer these much more, feels refreshing!
I love seeing you pop up. I’m so happy to see you when I get to
Become race car driver
Bro, i just feel like im not here hoping that u would do what i like, but im just here for whatever shit u wanna give us. I mean, its like being with a friend going out not to do what I like but becouse I like being out with that friend, u know. All theese years (I think almost 9) i didn’t really care about what content u brought me but I just care about seeing your videos and watching what u been up to exc., might sound strange but I enjoyed this so far and I grow up with your videos and I saw u growing up doing the videos, so I think that’s what made u special in youtube, it didn’t was about the content but it always was about the person. So keep doing what u like, keep enjoy living and I’ll keep being with u and this community enjoying your presence in this tube. Love ya Bro Boss
again hacked the algorithm it sells bruh
I watch felix for the first time at 13 and now I'm 20 i think i have enough too, i mean shit changes all the time, and everytime I back to this channel recently all i have in my mind is the best quotes I've ever heard   "shit changes around here" -CJ
I know you’ve seen a lot of these comments over the years but I remember watching you 12 years ago when I was a little kid, as the years have gone by I’ve grown up while watching you. And it’s crazy to think about you leaving YouTube but at the end of the day everything must come to an end. What you’ve done will never leave the memories of all of us and you’ve created a lifetimes worth of videos to watch into laugh at. Thank you
I want those headphones.
I've been watching your videos since around 2013/2014 and have to say that I never had the desire to ask you to bring back gaming or meme review or anything really. You grew and changed and so did I. For me, you really mastered the art of changing your content in a way that always makes it better. Not that I don't like rewatching your old videos from time to time. But I don't think you would have been as successful if you had forced yourself to keep doing content you grew out of. I definitely changes the type of content I watch and that's fine.
Hey man you always in our hearts 💕:)
I enjoy your vids. But what are those headphones they are something else
I think you should change your channel into a anime channel like the anime man
Give your channel to pyro if you quit
I'll always be here to the yearly game live stream, but do what u wanna do!
Thank you and keep on keeping on!
When you subscribe to a channel, you are really subscribing to a person and their creative outlet. So a channel should change and should evolve, because it is connected to a person and it's totally normal. Love the new changes and enjoy them!
It's nice to see that he still enjoys uploading.
Suiiiiiiiii
You whatever you want! We will support you anyway. Come back and tell us about your journey sometime. You are always my comfort channel.
We'll support you in everything you do! I love the new content, but I'm mainly happy that YOU'RE happy. Because in the end, that's what matters most.
Felix has impacted a lot of viewers over the years. It’s crazy that everyone has gone through so much change and still been able to stop by and watch pewds and come together collectively. I’m glad that after so long he’s able to still upload while also enjoying what he wants to do. A great balance of work and enjoyment on his daily life that he has allowed us to tag along on his journey. Cheers Felix. 🏄‍♂️
Man your the best
I like the new Felix. 3/4 years ago I stopped following closely but I peaked back on the channel not long ago, maybe 2nd video after going to Japan, and I love this style of content.
Mad respect!
Damn I am 14 and this is making me feel grown up
Tbh,, you inspired me to be better. I started to enjoy reading complex books. Thank you!
this is what i love to see
I started watching this channel when you were just a kid in Sweden playing games. I've watched you grow into this wonderful young man who had to go through trials during your career to get to this place. You're a wonderful person and will support you until you decide to retire. Keep being you!! Thank you for ALL the great content
Do what makes you happy Felix, your early content is what got people hooked and in the process we got to know the kind of person you are: fun, outgoing, and now introspective
If you stopped. I'd miss you. You helped me through a lot of hard times. So thank you for your time.
I have just started doing my YouTube gaming channel cos I dont really have many friends but I am very shy and YouTube has made me feel myself come out of my shell feel more happy about LIFE
är gymnasium university på engelska? Trodde det var universitet
You basically raised me my dude,,,, i would miss u, but i understand if ud rlly want to quit!! :3 i weill just miss u so much homie,,,
What are those Giga Chad Headphones?🤯
bro, there are enough great new young content creators out there right now, if you want to upload once every month or whenever you like that's super sick. you've made it you've served your time just chill and enjoy your life.
We love you Pewds, keep being you and enjoying life! We'll be here supporting you all the way!! 😭🥰❤️💜💙
Hey Pewds, about moving on with new content, quite a lot of us are actually already used to constant changes with YouTube channels. We're all subscribed to multiple big youtubers that have changed their content just like you, and because of that, we've learnt to enjoy and become excited about the new entertainment that will come in the future.   If you really think about it, if you weren't so adaptive with your content, we'd never have meme review, Minecraft, horror, and currently your Japan vlogs, you'd still be making call of duty content. In a way, you start to become better by moving on to new things. I've seen youtube channels that started in 2015 and their content is all the same, so clearly for all the viewers that are consistently watching what you do, it's what we enjoy.
people saying pewdiepies channel is just "dragging" on reminds me of how some view One piece but it not really about the destination but the Journey :D
Those headphones are cool!
❤️
Most boring youtuber
Have fun
Do what makes you happy pewds! The bros will stay here <3 Also, you can also start the book series if you want, it seems like sharing your insights and thoughts on the books you like is gives you joy.
I watch all the japan vlog , witch wasn't the case for the other stuff you made , because there was so much and I didn't really care . So I really enjoy the place you are at atm :)
PewDiePie, sometimes it feels like you are my father figure.
Pewds, you would be so broed if you full-on quit.
I have been watching YouTube since 2007 and I totally agree with Felix - it now feels to me that so much of the content on here (and especially the godawful trend of Shorts and TikTok and that junk) is just a distraction, a waste of time. The Japan vlogs have this energy, peace, tranquility, something of value, on the other hand, so now this is basically the last thing I still watch. It is just so much more rewarding to live life, learn new things, meet people, go to shows, develop as a person, read.
I still feel gifted when you upload, just enjoy yourself.
I'm secretly hoping this turns into a surfing tourism channel.  I wanna see Felix eventually try to take on the big waves at Nazaré.
Felix for real I don’t want to sound like a boot locker, I rarely interact on YouTube. I’m 28, been with you for 6-7 years. Always had fun. I would be happy with seeing 3 vids a month, 1, one every 3 months or even once every 6.  I believe you’re a real man wether from the things you created or the mind(set) you managed to get even tho you’re rich af.  I believe you deserve respect as a professional and a man. Will be happy will whatever makes you happy
You do you
That brofist will forever be apart of so many people’s lives. Just a personal touch of the channel over the years
Document the journey pewds
We love you Felix!! ❤🇧🇻
You are just too good of a person, to continue in that world of deep shit where pornography is going to pop up on cereals that kids open everyday. But isnt that the best reason to stay ? Make it all better ?
My man 👊🏽
Bruh i aint subbed to PewDiePie rn
Just do what you want to do Felix ❤️
NEVER QUIT YT PEWDIEPIE
I am SO glad you are still here.
I just wanna say that your headphones are amazing
Absolute rock of common sense, I still dip in and watch your videos now and again, and the fact you genuinely enjoy making them is what makes them enjoyable. Keep it up and do it for fun!
i started learning english by watching felix's minecraft videos. remembering it now is such a... feeling
as long as you enjoy what you do, we'll enjoy it with you. we're still here cause we like what you like. if you ever want to stop, you 100% deserve it. I'm just glad that I had the pleasure of having your videos in my life.
6:00 MEME REVIEW! Peak quality on this channel. Psh. Lol jk. I like seeing his LWIYA and Laugh You Lose vids, plus anytime he plays a new story-driven game or horror game is still cool to see.
WE LOVE YOU PEWDS!!
All the positive stuff your channel has done for my life. I just want to say, thank you!
I’ve enjoyed your videos through almost every change and I intend to continue doing so in the future! (So please don’t quit yet!)
You are a legend
theres no doubt that i do miss some of hiis old content but nevertheless i still do enjoy his current content, just do wtv u want pewds👍
Kör hårt Pewds!
Loving the vlogs. I find them more interesting than a lot of the old content, so hope they keep coming.
pewds, I swear to god, you're my idol
I have been a fan of you for the past 7 or 8 years man and I have never ever commented on any of your videos but I'm doing it now because I want to tell you that I will (and a lot of other people) always support you through whatever it is and I am so proud of what you've become and how much you've grown as a person, creator and an inspiration for others. Keep doing what you love and always know that there are people that will always be there for you even though we are talking through our screens and typing comments like these :)
Hey Felix, i starting 2014 watching you years ago
Just know you are appreciated and your videos brighten our days so so much! So thank you for staying :)
camera quality and sound is also actually good now
i am glad i am a part of this journey!
Honestly bro just keep doing what your doing upload whatever you want whenever and we'll still be here watching.
I remember when he was in his prime good old days:(
It feels like you’re that one cool cousin that grew up with me but moved away .Now I see you every once in a while but you’re doing soo much better by just being you. We’re all so proud of you.
Pewds, You do what you want to do. :) We will always be here to support ya! Make youtube fun and never make it for business. Never worry about anything and just go with the flow and let people be people, Your channel, Your decisions on what to do. Just have fun with it and have fun in life. Take your fans with you sometimes because we love watching you and seeing you and marzia smile!
I think we are all still glad you are here.
I don't watch you as much as I used to, but whenever I see a clip of yours or watch a video here and there. You always make me smile, no matter what you do. You're a wonderful person, keep doin what makes you happy.
I'm never gonna unsub just do whatever the fuck u want at this point lol it's always been fun to watch
He ought to be having children. How old is he now?
I have been watching all the vlogs really and have been loving it so much, Love how relaxed and just real they are
We aprecciate you sm <3
THE BROOOFISTTTTT
0 deaths!
Pewds,  Definitely make the content you want to make! The vlogs are S tier, they are the one video you upload where I will drop everything to watch. Your vlogs are probably your most wholesome content since it’s just a video of your daily life. They are the best. My girlfriend and I watch them together (she loves seeing maya and Edgar)  You content has drastically changed over the last 12 years. Even though you aren’t uploading content daily anymore, it still brings a smile to my face when i see a PewDiePie video on my feed. I think the biggest issue with YouTube is you are trying to make content for a new era. The bro army has grown up and although we all still hold on to our childhood through you and other YouTubers on the platform, this new era of viewers are going to have a specific taste in content and as the creator, this can be stressful since you have to change your entire persona. The great thing about you is you didn’t change. Youve been the same as always, youve just matured. You are such an inspiration to many. You teach us to be ourselves and to enjoy yourselves.   TLDR: make the content you want, viewership shouldn’t matter as long as you are happy with the content you are putting out.
Pewds thank you for all years of fun, whatever you do with the channel I support you
Bro Fist 👊❤️ Live your best life Felix.
bro youbare truly the jesus of the social media : i mean, the topics of shallowness of shorts, drama and things like that. it is so true and we lose so much time in them
I'm so happy your not quitting Felix, I've been watching you for 10yrs now which seems impossible to me because I remember sneaking out of my room as a 7 year old just to watch your videos on my mom's phone, even though I shouldn't have been watching your videos then, but at a young age I saw the good in you that I see to this day, I can't say we're best friends or anything cuz we've never met each other a day in our lives, but you were always like a big brother to me, U appreciate everything thing you've done over the years because you are one of the highlights of my life so far, I'll never stop watching your videos bro, 👊
Fuck the people who said you need to quit YouTube will never be the same without you
PEWDS BRING ME WITH UR FUTURE PLSSS 😭😭 I grew up with u and idk what I’m gonna do if you stop uploading. I still haven’t met u irl
Im probably like, subscriber since 50k or so.. all I can say you have entertaining personality. The good old days with the Amnesia lol
Just chill dude.
Hey man ur headsets just a little small can u get a bigger one?
Live your best life king. You deserve it.
Man, I remember the 10k or 30k sub goal video and being so fkn stoked for you back then. I had a period where I actually unsubbed, during the white hair and when things got a bit edgy and u said things like ''No the screaming in my old videos wasn't real'' and things like that. But I kind of ''re-discovered'' you when that phase kinda died down and came right back and have been around ever since. I guess that must've been in 2018 or something like that? Anyhow, as a very long-standing fan, I'm so happy you never quit. Sure content has changed alot back and forth over the years and you've grown as a person, but it's genuinely been so nice to be able to be atleast a part of that journey. I remember the first time you talked about having met this girl from Italy and how happy she made you. Man I'm about to tear up just writing this lmfao. Then from that, to getting to see your wedding, to now witnessing your move to Japan and just seeing how happy you both are. It fills my heart with so much happiness and hope that hey maybe my life isn't so shit either, you know? There's good things in the world, and you are definitely one of the better ones.   Absolutely loving the Japan vlogs recently too, getting to ''tag along'' on your new life there. Stay strong and keep prioritizing yourself when it comes to making content. Despite u retiring the content has been an absolute blast to watch!  Brofist 👊♥
I just really like to watch you Felix I don’t need “Pewdiepie” All of us just want to see YOU no matter what you’re gonna do…You’re just a amazing person do whatever you’re want it always feels great to us <3  be happy and enjoy <3
I enjoyed content now more than ever
Remember Lads, Subscribe to Pewdiepie.
Fuck the haters - they can find the comment field but not the unsubscribe button? Low IQ moves.
hi pew
Hell ya! Be with u forever!
Benevolent guy with funny humor and an interesting mind that's FELIX. Upload whatever or quit, but never stop doing you. You're an inspiration!
I'd really like your analysis videos on movies and books. For example you Starship Tropper video. I watch that every now and again. Thoughtfull and interesting coming from someone who started off screaming into his microphone like a maniac.
PewDiePie ❤️❤️❤️
Haven't watched in a while (been super busy) but seeing this video is like catching up with an old friend.
Felix never give up👍
No matter what Felix, we're still here to support you whatever you do man, broarmy for life, and nothing can ever change that. We supported you since day 1 because you're you, and we don't ask anything from you except for you to be you man. Much love
God bless you Felix
You’re just at the last level of the pyramid of marshlow , which is looking for accomplishment. As simple as that, no need for explanation, just don’t get depressed and kill urself. Love u poods, here since 2013.
"Either you die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become a villain" - The Joker
Love the Japan content. Keep it up.
I’m glad that he finally moved to Japan after all these years. Pewds’ content and himself grew and matured just as his audience did. A versatile content creator that’s been there since the beginning. Him and his editors deserve a break. Spend your life with that girl you flew out to see after meeting online.  ........... ...................__ ............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸ ........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\ ........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...') .........\.................'...../ ..........''...\.......... _.·´ ............\..............(
I just love having you here, please focus on having fun, so you can enjoy it, and we can enjoy it with you. we find so much comfort in you, thanks for being here
Felix, For your loyal viewers, Its more about hearing a FRIEND n ROLE MODEL talk. Its about keeping in touch. Its comforting tbh. PS: We were all shallow n cringe in past xD
Sive is sweating everytime felix talks about quitting lol
don't worry i am likening this new videos you are doing, they are relaxing...just do what you love
uuu
Felix should start a fitness youtube channel.
I’ve enjoyed your content from day 1 and I continue to as it changes and grows. Live your life, share what you want, and we’ll be here to cheer you on! :)
uuu😊
Been watching your old stick of truth videos hope you see this much love dawg
I love you pewds. Thank you for being part of my childhood, and my teenhood, now probably will be my adulthood.
It’s a shame how this channel is slowly dying, and that’s because YouTube doesn’t push the content into feeds or related videos like it should. I don’t know why that is, or if that’s something you can speak to them about.
Shoutout to the LCD2.
🐐
No quit!!!!
Nothing is permanent, but just go with the flow
You can tell that Felix is much more happier here, and it's cool to see.
Felix we are truly blessed to have you in our lives. Your are just wise and have a lot of great things to say and good look at things and life. I know I can say for many people but you have changed a lot of our lives. We appreciate and love you man. We will continue to grow with you. Much Love.    P.S. I had a gut feeling that we would get the bro fist 👊🏻
I still want to be a part of Felix's life even if it is as a miniscule one in this unfathomably large community. I have and always will love his videos. I learned a lot from him and I owe him so much for the joy he has given me and what is meant to me to like,comment,and subscribe for 12 years now. Its crazy how drastically things have changed,how I have changed. You are not the same person that cried when Lee died in The Walking Dead (I was 12 and I was laughing at your suffering because I had already played it.) but that part of us will always be there no matter what some things don't change while others inevitably do no matter what happens I have enjoyed the time we have spent together. (Ik this was a while ago but I was so happy watching your wedding video my heart almost burst with joy for you I wish you all of the best things life has to offer and as many years of it as possible I love you man!)
Modern day philosopher
Enjoy what you personally love to do, is what I learned from this video. And I won't forget this.
Causal BeastMaster64 W
Most inspiring youtububer, for other youtubers and, like me . Keep it up
Whatever happens, you helped me grow into who I am today. From 13 to 21, I’m not crying you are
Pewd although we will definitely miss you when you really quit, we will still support you and love you no matter what path you choose. That what bros do👊🏼💖
Also for Sive hehe, right?
It feels good seeing you happy!
Make a new channel
goofy ahh headset
You do you KING!🤙🏼 BROFIST👊🏼
It's crazy just how long he's been with us though. I'm grateful for that. That many people are still with us. For many reasons, doesn't matter. Losing Pewds would have been difficult but something we could accept over time. Sure it would be difficult but so long as the channel is up. We have memories. That's we need.
Post videos that you enjoy cause otherwise it will seem pointless. Your viewers will continue to watch, we're here to stay Pewds! It was nice seeing you grow and hopefully we can continue to see more of your growth in the future :)
I first watched pewdiepie in like 2017 but I never watched until 2020
Felix your vlogs are the best part of my YouTube week, I've always wanted to go to Japan and seeing it through your eyes is great
You are amazing, keep doing whatever makes you happy!
We are here for you big dummie not for the “distractions”
You keep doing you pewds, I've always enjoyed your content no matter what direction it's going in, I think it's great that you have kept it real cause that's really hard to find now days. Thank you for all of the many great years of YouTube and hopefully the many more to come!
Siuuuuu
You're the man, man.
Thanks Poppy
Hell ye, hope your surfing went great pewds.
Keep going Felix
Please take care. We will be happy no matter what you decide. Because we will be happy if you are happy.
Its really amazing how i stilll watch you after so many years just becausr you do what you have fun with. Do what you want pewds ❤️🙏
Felix, you dont owe us ANYTHING. We love you and we have enjoyed the life you have shared with us. We thank you for that. Do what makes you happy; we like seeing you happy. 👊 Brofist
i am glad you didnt quit and no matter what kind of videos you make we will enjoy it. love you pewds
Dont do drugs kids
It's a long way from the hotdog stand, eh?  You've reached a stage where you can simply make the content you feel good about on your schedule.  Good for you.  I hope I can get there one day.  Two things you can do for me: 1. Go make some babies, or heck if you can't, adopt some.  You'll be a good dad.    2. Keep giving us glimpses into your life no matter what.  There are people here who started watching you when they were 12 that went through their entire teen years with you and are now in their 20s, and I don't think they want to contemplate a world without you in it at least checking in from time to time.
We all grew up together, became mature and responsible adults.
I really respect you and support you PewDiePie! keep up the good work sport! 💪💪 :)
He makes my day when he uploads . Thanks felix !
Felix really is in the best spot right now. Being retired and still being able to make videos of whatever content he wants and enjoys. Glad to see your still going and having fun with it as well!
To be completely honest, though I'm no longer as *interested in the type of videos coming out recently, they definitely make me feel a lot *happier watching them instead.
You raised me from when I was very little lol. Now I’m married and have my own place. I still watch you because I feel like instead of sticking with you- you stuck with me. You’re inspiring.
Ur lame buddy quit
We always love your content pewds👍👍👍
love you pewds!! so proud of you and so happy you are still here :)
Thank you for letting me grow up with you! (From 14 to 23 now)
I LOVE watching your videos! No matter what you're doing as long as you're having fun, then I'm there to watch! Thank you for making the best videos.
The fact that people are commenting him to quit YouTube WTF!!!!
Love you pewds
It’s actually quite nice seeing you happy coz it really shows and the Japan vlogs are great I love them. It just good wholesome relaxing content
Personally, these Japan videos and following you on the whole journey has made me more excited and interested in your channel in all the years I've been subscribed. I think as we grow up, that personable nature is more appealing and ai absolutely love that. Keep up making the amazing memories and thanks for letting us be a part of it!
DONT QUIT BTW.
You are a good YouTuber 😁
It makes me happy seeing Pewds happy<3
I love having you around Felix, it makes us feel like the world is still the same even though everything is changing
If i had to say something that makes me sad the first thing that would pop up in mind would be seeing the sadness on people,and the more i know the person the more it hurts. So seeing a youtuber that i like pretending/convincing himself that he’s happy aint nice. That said,please continue sharing your life in a way that makes you happy,because if you’re happy then im happy
based
i love you
Remember when you said the 'n' word while streaming and when that Aussie guy said "subscribe to pewdiepie" before shooting all those Arabs? 😆 I do! lol 😂
off topic, va är dedär för headset?? Love u pewds
Why is this on trending for gaming lol😤
we bros forever pewds
HI PEWDS IM SUB SINCE 10k AND ITS FINEE IF ANYTHING U SHOULD JUST POST FUNNY VIDEOS LIKE THE CAR AND THE HUNTER U DID LIKE 1-2 YEARS AGO. or stop you deserve it you can do what u want i love you !! good job for everything
I've been watching Pewdiepie for 10 years watching the channel grow and enjoying all the low and high points. Honestly I've been happy with the channel as long as he's happy with the channel. No matter what happens I hope he continues to have a great life.
You have an undying legacy in hearts and minds of many. Felix/Pewds forever.
Very glad and always happy to see you post still even if you’re retired. The days always get a little brighter with whatever video you post 😊
those headphones look RIDICULOUS
makes me tear up every bro fist
Pls don’t quit!! Your channel is so good right now. I love Japan content! Good job❤
Been watching you for 10 years, you're like a big brother figure for a lot of us!
This last two years were the best! You’re just wholesome guy, so share this positive vibe with us. I’m waiting for book review :3
Quit if you want. If you decide not to, we will always watch your videos!
This is the best mindset: doing the video you want when you want to do it
"but the awkward part is.. I'm still here"  yes everyone thought he was going to quit but he's still here and really, That makes me happy!
BROFIST OMG OMG
I don't usually leave comments, or in general, express my opinion online. However, the difference between me, a guy who sees himself as funny and witty or whatever, and you, a guy who is funny and witty or whatever, in posting videos online is the underlying desire and want to do so. Do your viewers see the "youtube hussle" as an expression of themselves, do they want to share their life in the same way you do? Sure some do. Did other ones starter their journey for goals other than that - money, fame, freedom from the confines of "regular" employment? Sure. All of those are valid, all of the aforementioned are cool. For you to at this point in your career realize the your place in this weird space is nothing more than what you wished for at the beginning is great, it shows that despite the numbers and the opportunities granted to you, the fame, the fortune Youtube was your passion. So keep doing what you like, and most importantly - have fun!
You can post any content, we just want to see you pewds😊😊!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You constantly try new and different content that brings new/old people back. I cant say I've been here the whole ride, but when you explore other content options, it allows people to (re)discover  you.
Always feel nice to get a brofist
Just do what you do, king. We'll be here.
ah, so we have finally entered..... RETIREMENT PEWDS... The - 1,2,3,4,5,6.. 6? no. 7TH PHASE OF PEWDIEPIE!
It still baffles me how this man still gets so much hate to this day! Love ya pewds!
Do you want to collab
If and when you decide to stop posting altogether I will support you in your decision cuz I want you to always choose what's best for you and makes you happy. However, I don't understand why people are saying you should quit. It's YOUR channel you can post if you want. It's one thing to wonder why you didn't quit but actually telling you to quit is so weird to me. I love these JP videos and you have been a great inspiration to me. Your life template is something to aspire to and when I don't know what to do, I look at your videos and feel calm enough to figure out the best.
As a content creator, I just want to say thank you for giving me clarity and re-motivating me to not give up on my dream. Thank you for making this video.❣️
Dude, I seldom comment, but you were the first channel I subscribed to back in 2013 or so, I guess this is selfish, but it would feel like losing a friend if you ever quit. I'm so used to watching whatever vid you upload it has become a part of my life. I'm happy that you decided to keep uploading, but mostly, I'm happy that you are living the life YOU want with the best state of mind. Thank you for your work and don't ever forget that there are so many strangers that appreciate and consider you a part of their life. Brofist!
Do whatever,the matter is watching your videos for relaxation!
You're one of the truest, most honest, genuine and down to earth person on any kind of media. That is truly inspiring. Thank you for being around.
I still watch your horror game vids because I'm so attached to them. I feel like I should download them for fear of them disappearing. You made me laugh so much in 2013 when i needed it the most. Thanks.
nooooo pewdie is growing up
Pewdiepie is truly the godfather of YouTube
Create high quality, high production value, content. Like Mustard, but maybe not educational idk lol.
dont quit please pewd, just do anything you want, make any vid you want
Quality over quantity, upload when you want with whatever content you want. No matter what we will support you til the true end. I hope you enjoy your new life in Japan, it’s a dream of mine to live there and I’m happy that you made it there! Brofist 👊!
Best🥺😍😍😍
Love the mentality and love you Pewds! So happy for you and Marzia.
What head set he got that shit beautiful
I respect the fact that all you wanna do now is enjoy life to its fullest, a goal I really want to achieve.
Love you Felix
Something never changes...  I really hope so.
New headphone
You didn't even say anything all that sad and I still nearly cried. Lol. Have fun in Japan. You deserve it
Hey Felix. Do you ever feel emotional when you look back on your old vidya? And which vidya that make you feels like that? Btw thank you for staying and keep on inspiring. Love from Indonesia 🇮🇩
Those headphones are MASSIVE wtf are they
I think most of the bros enjoy videos when we see you’re genuinely enjoying yourself, kinda not focused on what the content is, but the infectious feelings of joy for whatever you’re doing. I’m here as long as you make content you’re proud of, it’s hard to not watch people in their element, whatever that element is doesn’t really matter.
Just make less videos man and I'm gonna keep watching all them!
I've been here since 2014, it's very interesting to see how everything changed throughout the years
I personally love Pewds progression and would love to see him on the platform for a few more years to come. But if you really needa step away soon, then when that time comes go for it! Loved the bro fist btw
You're an inspiration Pewds!
Do more meme review lol
Thank you for all the amazing memories through the years, Felix!
I felt like pews was breaking up with me almost 😂🥲
The baby is coming soon, we all know it.
Bro just leave you are done go live life lol
Love you pewds. I love you videos and I’ve been watching your videos since 2013-2014. Love you and thank you for the great content.
I miss hearing marzias cute voice ngl. It's been like what 6 years since her last post??
I like your content more than before... The walks with marzia, fun night with the trash taste Bois..., Surfing everything...! I'm really happy...to see the changes in your videos ...!🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍
Totally Agree Pewds! Your Content feels more rich and has a more so story based aspect to it and we're all here for it! No need to do shorts or news videos, just do whatever feels right, when it's right
He's still making a boatload of money.
So pewds is now the fun retired grandpa who always has a story to tell?
GOAT of YouTube.  Respect
Your transformations, tribulations, ups and downs - your jorney - is great to watch. As for me - to be tiny little bit a part of it - is also damn good. I'm just a sub, but with all my sincerity i wish you luck in all your new begginings and days to come! Whatever your do next, you got my brofist. Go
i’ve stuck with you since i was 9 years old poods. i’m now 18 and going off to university. i’d be honored to spend the rest of my life watching your vids no matter the effort put in. love to you and merthz
keep doing what your doing if people cant accept the fact that your happy with your youtube career, and how far you've come they dont deserve to watch your videos ive been watiching you for 12 years now and ive enjoyed everything you have posted, and the fact that you are living where you want too and your happy, That makes me happy because out of everyone on youtube you deserve it the most because of all the hard work and controversies you have overcome, so keep doing what you are doing man and im excited for the future. <3
Just play Stray 😻
If he quits all we will have the memories and he would be happy but if decides to stay he really wants us to be happy as well even if he's not happy he's a great dude
Thank you for not "quitting" at your peak just to make sure the legend stays there. Most people are afraid and leave at their peak because they wanna be remembered for their most glorious period and hold on the title to not feel they have been overtaken. Your decisions truly reflect your love and passion for youtube. Not chasing numbers, not chasing trend, but rather like u mentioned, sharing what's fun with your community and make them feel like they are a part of it (how it transitioned from games, to memes, to news, to books, and now to home). Thanks Pewdiepie for being such an inspiration 💯
Dude maybe you should finish your college eh? I miss college a lot actually. Good times.
Preach about shorts. They suck.
Even if i dont like you, it would be sad to see such a youtube legend go
PewDiePie without cute kitty ear headphones ISN'T PEWDIEPIE!  This must be Felix!!
st upload vlogs in Japan, I'll still watch your content. Japan is an extremely beautiful place, so for a Swedish person to give insight and their perspective as well as sharing their social differences would be awesome.
You are a legend pewds I've been watching you since amnesia days I love you bro your my childhood if you want to quit then so be it you've definitely earned it  but if you keep uploading I'll still be watching and so will millions of others.
been here since 2011 :3
Don't wanna be that guy, but do you think you'll think the same if you didn't have the money you have now?
You are the best content creator for all of us
You shouldn't do what others tell you to do , just Focus and do what makes you happy, just because someone tells you to quit doesn't mean that they want you to do it so don't listen to people like them just listen to your heart .... Peace bro 😎
I'm glad you did not quit and thank you bro. I met you once in Brighton having been a Brighton boy for years.  You seemed so natural. As a man who has also changed his life in the last 7 years now finding his home in the Czech republic i am so happy you found your peace. part of me hopes you see this message but I also know I'll be lost in a sea of messages. thank you for your honesty. Much love!
<33
Du är youtube. Och du attraktionen i din kanal, inte exakt vad du gör eller spelar. Kul att du kör på. Tack för alla timmars underhållning. Alla som uteslutit dig ur sina plattformar och på andra sätt hindrat dig har skadat sig själva och sin heder. Du står kvar när de andra faller; eller!? ;)
the meme review every once in a while was pretty fun ngl. but a more relaxed channel is something to strive for and totally expected
pewds lav ya men
you should go back to university and finish your degree
Enjoy your time with Marzia and the pugs as much as you can. This is always your priority. Your way of thinking is at peak right now and of course I trust it will be even better going forward. I hope everyone learns from you as I have . Love and support from Romania <3 p.s. you are not disappointing anyone . We are really lucky to have you in our lives as a mentor and entertainer. Be good to yourself and be good to others. In this order :)
Whatever your decision is, I fully respect it. You have made my life much greater than ever ❤️
its great that you have something you care about this much
LIWAY
Noo, pls don't quit
I've watched pewds since I was around 16 years old, and now I'm 22. It's pretty good to see pewds changes and grows up like lots of people and myself. We're all keeping trying to become a better and happier person💝
Pewds just know you'll be very much missed. Brofist 👊😁
Please don’t quite ever please🥺🥺
Dude help me to not quit and even better help me to GROW I make real life adventures videos you can check it out 😉
Don't quit as long as you want, we love watching your content!
Dude      111 000 000 subs ,just dont delet the acc, give it to me if you wanted to quite one day!
I think this conversation about not feeling the need to grow for growths sake is such an important one. The change is palpable... today's content truly exudes joy, that's the best way I can put it as a viewer.
Thanks pewds
Pewds, thanks for not quitting,  I have been follow you for the pass nine years. And most of my ups and downs, I have your video to cheer me up and see how how far have you made, I'm so happy for you! I still want to watch your video every week just to maybe enlighten my week for a little bit.  But hey, I'm happy that you didn't quit.
You deserve all of that Pewds, Enjoy your life it's been a long journey. ❤️
I get he's like a decent ytber, but what about him actually makes him unique? like why is he so famous for no reason?
When are you shifting into a lifting channel? Lifting with PewDiePie
is marzia pregnant or what?
don't quit.  ez
Felix,I've never been this relaxed and happy before i found out your channel,the way you talk/ idk how it makes me happy and laugh all the time. Will never forget the moments,it changed from funny to more of a matured channel. Lots of Love from India,thank you for existing and making videos for us. Proud of you Man.
Is that an “Arne jacobsen” watch in the background? :))
what a guy. if there was such thing as a demigod, it would be felix.
9925th comment
Man the book of life has many pages, but you can write and much as you want on a notepad doc don't get stuck people. Good luck Man
I started watching because of the games and lets plays, but at this point I just enjoy watching any video pewds makes. I'd have no complaints if there was never another playthrough of a game, if there was it'd just be a bonus. hope to keep seeing you around.
I'm happy that you still make videos, doesn't matter what type of videos, may it be gaming or vlogs. I grew up watching you and honestly, you are a part of my life now. I'll continue to support you and Marzia! Do what makes you happy Pewds! Brofist!!!
are those audeze lcd headphones
:)
Can you pls do another book review video or start a reading with pewdiepie series 🥹🥹
was so ready for the brofist
Bros so handsome still
random but ur uploads actually motivates me to study and finish my assignments early because u always upload at 2-3ish am (where i am at) so by the time i finish everything i can chillax before going to bed by watching ur videos. Its like destressing b4 sleeping. lol
Felix you literally got me through HS, College, & now present day. Whenever I had a crappy day I would flip on YouTube and your videos always made me laugh. ❤️ thank you!
Its good man, you deserve the vacation
I’m afraid he/his channel will live long enough to become the villain
Good too see you staying awy from bridges pewds!
Perfect videos lately. You don't need a set formula. Just do videos now and then about stuff you like and we'll also like it. Simple, really.
Yo famm I’m an upcoming YouTuber, I make short entertaining sports related content and I want y’all to check it out, I guarantee you will find something you will enjoy!!!! 🙏🏽
Book Review!
te amo x siempreee guapo
Keep doing youtube for as long as you want. You'll know when you feel the time is right.
I misssseedddd youuu pewwddss
I’m just happy that he still finds joy in uploading videos and making us a part of a tiny piece of his life, and honestly I’ve been loving the content that he does right now, I’m always excited to see the next vlog he uploads
I just love that he don't wanna quit like "not yet"
Haven't watched Pewdipie in a year. I didn't like the TLC react videos.
Didnt he he sorry but it's just funny
even though he’ll literally never see this comment im gonna send it anyways -  i just turned 20 on august 29th, and i remember way back when i was 12, i downloaded youtube on my ipod and didn’t tell my parents. keep in mind this was before there were any kinds of parental control on things like that. anyways, i came across your channel and i remember how rebellious i felt watching someone who swore, and your videos made me so happy. i had started getting bullied, my parents were separating, but i was able to have you and jacksepticeye to keep me company and let me forget about all that. it’s time for you to be happy and do what you want.
Enjoy your retirement Pewds. Thanks for sticking with us.
Just have fun Felix! I like your retired content a lot. You are a refreshing personality in the YouTube scene. More real and wholesome.   Enjoy Japan! I am not a big fan of characters that most YouTube channels use. So much so I didn't even start watching you till you retired.
Awesome 👍 Just keep it up and best
Love this ❤️ thanks for being one of my heroes, and I hope you and your family are doing well 🙏😊
Sell your channel. Just kidding. Have a 1 year break. You need a break. Then come back new
Can you Play Hogwarts legacy whenever it comes out next year?
I never forget
Haven’t been here in so long so seeing pewds do the bro fist again brought back so many memories and nostalgia
I still remember
Pewds I’ve been watching your content since I was 9, I’m 20 now. I’m so glad you’re taking your time and enjoying yourself. Best wishes to you and Marzia<3 and so much love to Edgar and Maya❤️👊🏼
Urghh.. all these verified channels fishing for subs..
Aw man I wanna go surfing
Love you poods
I enjoy the periodically uploaded Ken and pewds videos. We don't need daily filler content. I'd rather look forward to the next unexpected upload instead of getting addicted to 5 min bs clips everyday.  Been following you for most of your tike on YT and I'm proud of your growth.  😀
Love u bro
Having PewDiePie, Markiplier, Jacksepticeye and DanTDM still here on YouTube after all of them being here for over a decade is a massive blessing
Love ❤️❤️❤️✨
PLEASE DO A GAMEPLAY. ITS ABOUT TIME.
I never watched the past videos, Im personally into these vlogs and this type of content, so i love it and i'm glad i found you at this time in your life  <3 thanks for not quitting lol
I love Felix and I don't want it to end but hey it's not my life or career so I'm just gonna enjoy the time we have together
Seeing your journey emotionally has really been a crazy experience and now seeing that you're in a happier place really is just awesome. You've inspired a generation! And thank you for that!
Luv you
Perhaps instead of uploading multiple times a week you could just upload when you find a game you like or you and Marzia did something fun in Japan. You could also just get some of your friends together in a game and just fuck around on camera, that's what markiplier does and it's probably one of the most entertaining stuff I watch. Whatever is the most enjoyable for you.
PewdiePie fans Should come back
*boink* times: 3 2:59, 4:09, 4:51
Honestly at this point I've been invested in the journey for so long that if it was to suddenly go away I think that would be sad... In it self it's like a break irregardless of what the content is
i have to say since there is alr so many vods about japan and stuff i dont really watch your vods ngl. but i do click on em to see how happy you are. what i really want to say is that im not your dad or child but i got your back you been a great deal of my childhood now.
its crazy thinking ive been watching since amnesia which my brain cant even handle how long ago it was but ive enjoyed the entire time growing with you watching all the highs and lows
He is such an amazing, unique person. One of the most famous people in the world, what an accomplishment. But still he keeps important things central. So cool. He had the hard work and accomplishments but he grew better not worse. Love it. Will support in the future.
No. 1 YouTuber ❤️
never quit! We still love your content the vlogs you start doing are so lovely and makes me happy
👊
Post every day, post every now and then, quit posting altogether, so long as you’re happy.  You’re our awesome Swedish meatball, Felix! You live your best life, man.   I’m glad to have seen you for the majority of your journey. We’ll always be Bros for life! 👊
you definitely deserve to be happy felix. i'm so glad you are still here. whenever i'm upset, i just watch some of your videos and they always make my day.
Shorts and that type of content is a cancer, I hate to say it. But it’s such a bad format
After being here for so long watching your channel for the whole ride i love this Felix so much more. The content is just so much nicer bc youre so much happier.  While i do miss some old content i like feeling like i grew up with you because its something fun to look back on but this stuff and this content i love so much more!
Nothing..i repeat nothing can give me more comfort but to just sit and watch Felix videos...idk why but growing up with his videos is just something so calming and fun that not having him here is scary..idc if it's a video everyday or one video a month...knowing he is happy and still growing is something really comforting
I started watching Pewdiepie back when he started off with The Walking Dead season 1 and I’d like to say that any video between 2012-15 is a nostalgic for me. Seeing his old videos and old videos from both Markiplier and Jacksepticeye just brings back so many happy memories and its like I’ve known and have been friends with them for years. They’ve helped me mature overtime during my life.
digging that 1970's wooden headset
Felix if you haven't noticed yet, you could make videos about your favorite pair of socks and we would love it. I know parasocial relationships or whatever, but it's just very satisfying to see you passionate and happy. The book reviews, Sinks Stinks, Elden Ring no deaths? Those are my favorite videos! Love you pewds 🥰
HE DID THE BRO FIST HE DID THE BRO FIST GUYS!!
midlife Crysis hitting a bit soon but definitely hard
Move to Rumble
You do you Felix. We got you.
Pewdiepie!! I will always watch your videos, you're the best!!!
I still brofist the screen 10 years later
Felix, regardless if your quit or not, I’ll always be a fan! I know you don’t know me, but I still consider you a friend! 👊
if it wasnt gonna be youtube when it comes to stress an such. it woulda been something else. keep doing you
yes
Pewds i would watch anything you posted
Hi-fucking-larious, dude.  You didn't quit, because your breakdown was nothing but PR.
Thank you for not quitting because of the hate. We shouldn't give too much power for political correctness.
The anxiety I felt waiting for you to say you were done while watching this 😤 I love watching your Japan content but I mostly love watching YOU BRO FOR LIFE
Man, just be you, we cool if you are cool ;D
Life goes on. For the better or the worst 😜
she believed, he lied 😭☝
even tho i do not care for ur vlogs pls never quit!! I wouldnt know what to do if i got on on yt and u werent here.
The amount of verified channels in this comment section is crazy.
It’s been a nice 12 years of good content honestly, everything has to end someday I’m glad that he still uploads tho
I just enjoy watching you live your life. It doen't feel like there is a persona being pushed. And anyone who picks a volvo over a lambo is up there in my books 🤣
i've never understood the concept of "quitting" youtube. i love and admire how you didn't quit completely just because you peaked, you just changed what videos you made and stopped posting for the algorithm. you don't even have to follow a schedule, just post when you want, what you want. it seems like you've managed to turn it back into a hobby for yourself, making you love it again. and obviously, people love it including myself. but, the most important thing is that YOU love it. keeping it a hobby that you enjoy is the best thing you could do! <3 <3
His updates are more frequent then Halo Infinite updates lol
Thanks for the bro fist. Really needed one.
i'm so glad you took the path to this point 😄 enjoy your retirement felix, cos I sure am 👊
Just know I along with so many are thankful as a byproduct to your pursuit of passion, though we will never be reliant upon it so just keep doing you!
Love from Pakistan
im glad  to hear that you're going back to making videos for fun and having  fun making them because thats really  what i felt missing for the  last years of your channel is that you  where just making content  not by having fun but because you had to
we gotta get pewds to 112million subscribers :)
Your audience is growing with you. Its the nature of life. DOnt regret natural, healthy change. But like you say at the end...somet things never change, and never should!
pleas never quit u are the best
The day u quit, is the day i die. Seriously, i will actually be dead
King behavior
Man if someone said Youtube the first that comes into my mind is you
I'll always love you pewds♥️♥️♥️ (no homo ofc
Felix, i want to say one thing - we are all, proud of you. You made us feel better when we felt down. Thank you. I think most of us like you in every "shape" so just do what you feel like is good for you. Brofist bro!
It's a blessing to be able to still hear you. You've done all of this because you wanted to, because you had the power and want to do it.
That's the spirit please Don't quit no matter what
Our barrel hating Pewds has grown so much it's making me cry happy tears 🥲
Luv you
Nice headset
my favorite videos are the ones that you enjoy making!
been here for a decade love u pewds
love you pewd Love from Bangladesh❤️
I love this thing were now and then we get a lovely video of whatever, I don't know if it's japan, or pewds mood, or maybe it's me who changed, but the truth is that I get more exited about videos now than ever in the past, so all changes are welcome and all hail self improvement.
A petition for felix to surfboarding with casey neistat pls
Fuck I love you man
He fucking made it bois, damn... what a dream
You're one of those rare channels that I will watch until you stop uploading. Even then I'll watch the back catalogs still.
love the honesty and realism here. glad you're still here.
While you might not have done any more beastmaster64 videos, it would be entertaining to see him in Japan jajaj, keep it up pewds, you deserve everything that has happened to you
Honestly I think most of us old school followers enjoy you because of YOU. So keep being you and we'll be faithfully watching your stuff until you decide not to upload anymore. Much love, Pewds!
Just to see that he uploaded something makes me happy
Pewds just being here is enough. Happy you didn't quit.
Hello there Pewds. How you doing? :D
Love you pewds
It would be Abseloutely Un acceptable if Pewds Left. You are an Abseloute Mainstay Felix that should never Go Away!, and the Joy You brought in the Past really has Meaning. Thank You for Being Here!, and thank You for all the Times You'll be here in the Future!
Happy to hear that, enjoy life in Japan and keep uploading videos that you find interesting and fun😄 (you have done so much on YT community, I have big respect for you)
I remember long time when i subb i enjoyed so much of ur gameplays. Still today whatever content u make we are here Felix
Proud of your growth. Proud of your willingness to follow what’s right for you. Glad you still want to stick around too.
Pewds is the best
I appreciate you sticking around. :) I and my partner love watching your vlogs together as we wait for Japan to open up again!
How do u have 111 million subscribers and still getting 2m views per vid
As long as you wanna do it then do what makes you happy really your at that point where you can really do what you want fr tho if you do quit can I have your channel? LOL!
Play to the moon 3 please
I feel like you retired from youtube as a job that comes with obligations and stress. It's really cool seeing you continue with it purely as a hobby when it feels right :)
Pewds looking sharp
Please don't quit felix I wanna see u longer-that sounded cringe!! But I mean I've been here since just 3 years😭😭😭
Money
We're happy watching you be happy :D Its been an amazing journey, thank you for taking us along  We love you Pewds
Pewds don’t quit 🙂
Best to watch
Do more whisky reviews
Bro
W Felix
Keep it up bro
Those headphones are distracting
Much Love Pewds! Keep doing your thing!
Привет PewDiePie 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🤔🤔🤔🥳🥳🥳 Ты крутой ты молодец YouTube
after all the years of toil and sweat for this channel, after all the hate that was thrown at you so many times yet you still pushed through, you deserve this. Good job PewDiePie, on being an inspiration to hundreds of millions of people, and continue being one.
I'ma be honest, upload whenever he wants PewDiePie works for me
I’ve been watching Felix since I was 15… I’m now 25. I’m just happy he’s still around no matter what it is he’s uploading! I love the new and old content. Keep doing you and thank you for the countless hours of content you’ve provided us for years. The YouTube GOAT pewds doesn’t need to explain anything to us. It’s just nice to see him living life and most importantly being happy!
My fav part was the bro fist
thank you sivemorten for everything
I have so much respect for you dude
you do what u want to do bro, we support you no matter what
pewds is a YouTuber we will always love and admire if you want to start your own career.
Ok cool
I’ve been with you since 2013 and have also and will always support you! I’m really happy you aren’t going to stop uploading but more taking you time with them. I know this will bring you more happiness and I’m just glad to still be here with you!
Whatever you decide is best will be great, we love having you around and YT wouldn't be the same without you. Keep it up Pewds, we're just along for the journey.
Congrats Felix. You made it! I'm 26 now but 15-year-old me would have been proud to see how far you've come.
ROAD TO 8 Billion Subs!!!!! Jk We all love u pewds just keep on doing you.
Legend
I think DanTDM has the perfect blueprint. He had his quiet starting days, his growth, his peak, his slow recession and now, where he uploads inconsistently and just for fun.
I'm glad you're not quiting! 🤗♥️
Just want to say you staying around is all I need I life. Thanks so much for teaching so many of us so many things, and entertaining us to no end.
I really enjoyed your book reviews and contributions on other subjects which don't have near instant expiration dates.  assuming you're still a book worm, I'd be interested to know what you're reading and what you recommend.  thanks.
Felix. You do you man. Huge respect for being true to yourself! We're here along for the ride.
Just want to say you staying around is all I need I life. Thanks so much for teaching so many of us so many things, and entertaining us to no end.
Anyone know what brand his headphones are? Assuming its a nice wooden vinyl skin on top? Would like to do something similar!
Good beard game 👍
Okay, but Book review? you Still doing that or are we done with that. Cos I really look forward to it as I get the books that you have recommended before.
So proud of you dude, your videos helped me through dark times and I’m happy you’re still around but we want you to be happy!
Although a lot of your recent content hasn't been my taste, it has made me incredibly happy that you're just having fun with it. It's always quality content even if it's for a different crowd. Really happy to see how far you've come 👍
hey felix, i started watching you in 2013, you were the first youtuber i watched daily, at that time you inspired me to make videos so I did, i started uploading youtube videos in 2014 and now my life changed, i wanted to thank you for that, for me you will always be my inspiration and i’m so happy youtube recommended me one of your amnesia videos back in 2013. ly bro! and im glad to see you happy ☺️❤️
You’re awesome Felix
<3
enjoy Japan!! love your vlogs
yessir you have said it! I know i would still watch you if you kept making more videos whatever they my be,  btw what is felix's religion? or is he without one?
Man, the trip down memory lane... It was nice too re-see all those memories, from your amn esia, happywheels, to where you are now. All that I can say is thank you, thank you for being so passionate about Youtube back then, thank you for being the light and entertainment to me back then when things were not too great. Thank you for everything.
There are few people with the maturity and self-awareness to handle fame and fortune with grace and dignity. Felix seems to have figured it out 😉
Maybe its time to join some podcasts and colabs to improve your social life and not being awkward.
My personal opinion is, you should not quit, however, you should keep focusing on what you want and have a more laid back presence on youtube. Focusing on numbers is not something you need honestly. You just want to keep in touch with your community.  Later down the road, whenever you have your own child, you could pass down the torch to your child, let them have a go at this stuff just for fun, not on the same level as you did with daily uploads, but to use it as a means to interact with your community/followers. There's probably good things to learn from that, and well, bad things too.  I appreciate many types of content on youtube, sure, people grow attached to specific things but they usually come out of their shells and enjoy other things. I used to watch you for your oldschool reactions while playing scary games, that was the reason i subbed to you ages ago. That did not stop me from accepting other types of content eventually. I used to hate vlogs when i was younger, but now i like them. Things change, like you did, along with change comes growing up, which is something a lot of people commenting probably still need to achieve. So don't take those opinions for granted and let them impact on what you should do or not. You do what you like, that is what matters, you will always have people watching, even if you keep going untill you reach retirement age, you will still have a fanbase watching, bigger or smaller does not matter, what matters is the impact. Yours is not bad, despite whatever drama comes your way. We live in a world where negative aspects seem to be ruling stronger than ever.
I love you man. I would like for you to keep on making videos when ever you feel like it. But your happines is more important to me than seeing you on youtube from time to time. Best wishes
Why did marzia removed or hid her videos on her channel?
Grew up with you, my younger siblings grew up with you, now my son will grow up watching you🥹🫶🏽💙🤰🏽 we love you pewds!!!🎉
i still love you man no matter what happen
Me and my boyfriend both love the japan vlogs
Say what you want but meme review was that shit 😪
Pewds had affected my life in a very positive way,I hope he stays happy all the time.
Do more reacting/meme videos with Ken and KSI, they're great, they make me laugh a lot.
God Bless Pewds
It would be great with more frequent videos with Ken, i REALLY love those, watch all of them Atleast once per month
Regardless of whatever content Pewdiepie uploads, I'll still be here.
Never leave us! Please!
Shishishishi
les go
Legend in the game do what’s best and do what you feel that would make you happy pewds
Congratulations PewDiePie you just created a Legendary vidéo. Where every youtuber can come and comment about their experiance and reflecting about youtube and their experiance. Good Job you reached another peak. As for me. I actually started youtube before your first upload back in 2010 i was making stupid shit at the time i'm pretty sure it was dead rising 2 vidéos. One day i got really into cod but most people who played cod on french youtube were toxic af and while i was still struggling with learning englisg at the time a few years later i found your channel and you were no joke one of the first none machinima/ newground person i subscribe too in like 2012-2013 i think (memory is hazy and i lost a youtube account at one point lol) and i have been on the PewDiePie train since. I can even say that i'm one of the silly guy who watched every single one of your vidéos lol. I never reached fame since i don't think i had it in me to stick out and keep going like you did but i can't say i didn't enjoy the ride all these years. I remember feeling bummed out when you said you were retiring since i though it was going to be it but honestly i'm glad you are still around sometimes. I always enjoyed when you mixed up content i never felt like you did stuff just for views and it was always fun to turn on a PewDiePie video for me up until this day. Thanks for everything pewds i hope the next videos are just as awesome as all the one that have been coming out for the past 10 years. But i'm pretty sure they will be lol. Make another video about Tibia btw to this day its still one of my favorit lmao
quit w
Thanks for all the content you've provided over the years! I've enjoyed my stay and hope to for as long as you want.
When it’s finally time to say goodbye it’s gonna suck but it’ll be fun while it lasts
You do you bro 👊
love you, pewds!!!
There is a good place in between quitting and the daily YT grind
We will always stand right by your side Felix through ups and downs from the beginning still to now we’re part of the bro army and I don’t think that’ll change for a majority of us
Rest easy, legend!
Pewds when's the next book review?! :D I love your takes on the philosophy books and authors :D
Not asking for me because I'm not making consistent content, but I feel like a good use of your platform that you could be proud of as a giant here is to lift up small channels that you vet and love on a regular basis. Have them do stuff with you IRL in Japan or play stuff with you online and give new players in the YouTube game opportunities they would probably never have from anyone else.
IM SO HAPPY YOU’RE NOT QUITTING!! THANK U PEWDS 💃 BROFIST ❤️
Pewds, majoriteten av din fanbase vill bara att du och Marzia ska vara lyckliga och är tacksamma när du laddar upp en video! Spelar ingen roll om det skulle bli flera gånger/en i veckan eller mindre.  Man blir extra exalterad när du laddar upp en video nu. "Undrar när nästa pewdievideo ploppar upp!" - är en trevlig tanke/känsla också!
He does brofist and I like
Ya You are saying right
I’ve watched you from the beginning and the most I’ve enjoyed your videos is when you have been having fun and doing it because you want to, you have worked so hard for this now enjoy it and we are all so happy to see it thank you for everything, keep doing what you’re doing we appreciate it so much, all I see is how much we are all enjoying seeing you enjoy your time and that’s your real original bros who will support you forever! Retirement well spent I think
bro you are the GOAT. no question, no argument, no buts.  Love you poods ❤️
my heart is warm
I'm so glad that I got to grow with you, keep on doing whatever makes you happy Pewds 👍
Pewdiepie is the Eddie Murphy of youtube...if he retired young, move to japan,  start surfing, have a couple of pewdiepies jr, grow a dad bod, pass the torch to an up and coming youtuber and in 40 years have us all thinking if he will ever come back to youtube.
I'll always be ur #1 fan till the end Felix <3
You do you my man. We love you
Take your time, the most important thing is that you are happy and have fun 😊
If he quits then we lose really good Japan vlogs and those are rare
At the end we all just want to find happiness, so if you find it, why should you put it away?
It's ok pewds, generations of my blood line will remember you and watch your videos
as long as you're happy Pewds, we'll all be happy as well
Yes.
who asked?
Bro just quit already. What more do you want? JK love you bro!
We just want to see you happy Felix. Do what content makes you happy or if you want to stop then so be it. You deserve to do whatever you want. thank you for being a big part of our childhoods and thank you for growing with us and allowing us to what you and Marzia grow together also. It’s amazing how far you’ve come Felix. Thank you for everything Pewds 👊🏻
Dang those head phones are HUGE
Headphones are dope, love the wood grain
we want you bro
I never comment on anything on YouTube because it's basically futile.  I enjoy all of your new content.  I wish you would play some games more but I really enjoy the random vlog content and will greatly miss your channel whenever you do decide to stop.  At least of us still here have aged at the same time as you, so for us these new experiences, ideas and vlogs are more relevant to us than ever. Situations you get into now, and feelings you have are exactly how a lot of us would feel.  It's kind of just become checking in on a firend and seeing what up with them. Which is nice.
I still remember discovering Pewds via The Fine Bros when he was at 2 million subs. I was 14 just getting into high school, having no clue what I wanted to do with my life. Im 25 now, and make a living selling Magic The Gathering cards, and a small side hustle in selling custom keyboards. Throughout all the trials and tribulations of my life, just about every other day for the past 11 years I sat down and watched a Pewdiepie video. ( sometimes being late for school.. then eventually work from staying up all night binge watching a series Pewds made. I think anybody reading this has definitely experienced that at some point. ) I grew up watching Pewds for almost half my life, and I couldn't be happier that his back to where it all started.
thanks pewds and i wont blame you for stopping anytime now.  really happy to have this journey with the rest of the internet
Growing old together with Pewds
Pewds don't worry about making video's just enjoy life and do what make's you happy
i love the japan videos!!!
Pewdipie thanked me... ITS A GOOD DAY😎
No homo bruf... But still love you and your videos....you been part of time life
Heartwarming real talk
What an icon
DON'T QUIT
How I miss the 2010s.
Been here since the good ol’ Amnesia days— Felix, you’re a one of a kind human being. You’ve gotten so many of us through hard times and shown many people what one person can do with as little as a computer and a camera (and a good sense of humor). Much love, and keep doing what you feel you gotta do.  You done good, bruh.  Keep it up. * Sister-Fister * 👊🏻
Pewds. you have blessed us with amazing content , personality and care since day one. Ive been watching for over 10 years, you have played a massive part in me becoming an adult. I was 16 when i started and i still remember all the amnesia and happy wheels episodes haha. Honestly, i think i speak for many here. We just want you to be happy. We love your story , your family and the venture you follow. You could post anything and i would watch. Your recent content is just so chill. really adds a little hope and joy back to the world. What ever you do , we will support it ! Ps i love your crazy vr videos alot haha.
I'm so glad you're still making videos, and I'm glad you've changed. We've all changed along with you and we're all still happy to be here.
With age comes the understanding that some things just don't really matter.  I totally get where he's coming from with not wanting to do videos on drama, meme reviews or anything similar. It's not to say people are wrong for wanting those things, it's just that as you grow older you realise that focusing on fleeting stuff like that isn't the be all and end all of life.  I'm glad he's doing his own thing.
Don't quit legend, you truly are a YouTube veteran you are one who started all of this and inspire thousands of creators YouTube wouldn't be the same place without you. Keep it up Felix😃😃
It'd be a disrespect towards all of us to quit now
You're one of the constant reminders that there's always people worth watching on this platform.
Felix I’ve been watching you since around 10 years old and I’m an adult next week, you’ve inspired millions.
It always makes me very happy to see your new videos pop up in my recommendations. Your vlogs are inspiring me to go after my goals and attain a life that is fulfilling for me, so thanks for that, and don't listen to the people telling you to quit if you don't want to.
You're the best
Poowwing Three times 🤣🤣🤣🤣
U do you pewds we all stand with u I have since 2013 12 to 21 always loved your vids regardless and that BROFIST OMG 😲👊
When you realized you're not a teenager anymore.
love you, bro. I'm glad you are still here:)
If you want to focus more on yourself and life stuff, I say do that. People have to understand you are a person and not just a source of entertainment (youtube star). You don't have to quit YouTube, but you can always do what YOU want to do with YOUR channel on YouTube. Update the channel when ever YOU feel like it. You shouldn't have to feel obligated to update something within a certain time frame or something. You do you Felix. Thank you for being part of my childhood, *Bro Fist.
If you want to quit, do so, you've done a lot and gave many people memories. You're already a legend, if you want to end it just do so already.
It's such a relief seeing pewds this happy again. It's like everything has gone full cicrle. Im happy for you man!
MY question is where minecraft
Live your life pewds, im happy to know you are fine, just lets us know from time to time hows thiangs are going
You were my first ever experience on youtube, the moment I clicked on that Amnesia: A small horse video, I said to myself "Hey this is pretty good". Now look at ya, proud of you pewds!!!
happy wheels omg
9years watching, and here to see more 69 at least
Role credits: Felix moved to japan and became a how to Gundam YouTuber
Noooo!!!! Don’t quite! Please!  I mean, do whatever you think is best bro, but my opinion…… DONT QUIT!!!!
Hi Felix, I've been following you since the Amnesia days. At that time I was a prepubescent 13 year old kid living in Italy and finding out there was a funny guy that plays good videogames which I couldn't afford to play or that weren't in Italy yet. I learned english through you, and it was quite funny looking at english teachers getting freaked out on how I learned english so fast(and so wrong lol). In high school you've been my role model and moral support in the toughest occasions, and later on you became almost a moral guide and pushed me back into reading books and getting into philosophy a bit more. It's been a continuos journey of laughs, cries and self improvement. Although you influenced me a lot, my passion was always animals and their behavior, and I now moved to Sweden to continue studying what I love. I just want to thank you for letting me realize throughout these years how to be truly happy, you were one of the factors that led me to what I am today and I think I'm living now the best version of myself.
Those headphones look so goofy
Fuck… my heart
You might not see this but I’ve been subscribed since Happy Wheels. I’ve seen every change to your channel whether it be your book reviews or simply you moving to Japan. I’m now in my second year of college and still watching you. There was a time when I wanted to stop watching you but when I looked back at my younger self I watched because I had fun, so I stayed subscribed. Seeing you happy and satisfied now makes me hopeful for my own future and makes the future fun again. If you decide it’s best to “retire” or quit YT I wouldn’t mind. It’s been a long run and I’ll still be watching.
I understand Felix. Everyone changes in their life, you dont haft to feel guilty about it
Hey Felix, personally I don't care about what you upload I like the content that you have been putting over the years because it helps pass the time, I enjoy almost everything you upload, very rarely is not entertaining but I support you. Keep them coming king. :D
god of war ragnarok p[ewds. tis' not on opera gx release calender yet so u may not hav seen it.. hahah
I would imagine the most subbed, famous and influential YouTuber to be egotistical, but no. It’s just some guy from Sweden.       Also don’t wanna be that guy but this vid was uploaded on my birthday and that’s cool. Love you pewds I’m 3 years from 19 now and been watch you for about half my life.
I’m just happy seeing you do what you love :) just do you Felix and we’re happy
Pewds stay the same we like you for exactly who you are, always be yourself and do what makes you happy
tbh pewds been way better youtuber for the last 2 years. but mrbeast gonna pass him soon (he DEFINITLEY deserves it though), i think youtube catching up these last 2 years after the crazy milestones pewdiepie set
You get a million comments a day. It's unlikely you'll see this. But it's been great watching you grow. You've come a long way, and in an older-brother kind of way, I am very proud of you. With or without the youtube money- you went through the trials and tribulations of maturing in to a functioning and thoughtful adult. Good on your folks for giving you a good life and a stable situation in which to thrive and become who you are today. Just a great life story overall, hope the future stays the same!
You are like an old hero now. Old... but still the hero you once was and will always will be. At this point, ofcourse we don't want you to retire. But also, we want you to rest. Enjoy life. Forget about us. But if you feel like you want to share some moments or experiences of your life with us. Please do. We will always love to see that. But please, go and enjoy your life without us for once.
Pewds, do whatever you want. Upload when you want to, what you want to, don’t upload at all. Whatever you choose to do, all power to you. You owe us nothing
I'm glad you didn't stop uploading, the videos of you moving to Japan have been so nice to watch
I love you pewds we have  same birthday, even year send me 10k euros please
We still love you Felix! ❤️
You've grown a lot since 2010. Seeing you finally retired, not worrying about uploading consistently, and just enjoying life makes us happy for you bro. We're here for you no matter what your next chapter will be!
I've been loving his new videos over the last few years, super chill vibes and some of his videos I listen to more like podcasts like his book reviews and him just talking about life. And I love that
I love your content ❤️
I started watching pewds late 2011, I’ve watched him any chance I could, hearing that he’s not quitting is so inspiring and impressive to say the least. Will always love you man, thanks for being you
Pewds, you made me happy even at the lowest points of my life, I'm happy to see you happy doing what you love
You done so much for the community that you definitely should take your time in Japan. We don’t even wake up at the same time anymore so go and have fun that’s more important rn.
I would love watching you just make videos when YOU wanna do it and not bc it's your job and you have to. We will be happy to see your videos ones you feel like making and uploading one.I love you pewds and seeing how you grew and following you the last 10 years and seeing how you achieved the stuff you want genuinely makes me happy and I get tears in my eyes bc Im sorry happy for you and you give me the feeling that even though times are hard in different parts everything will work out at the end. So thank you for the last 10 years.
Pewds don’t say sorry for doing something that makes you happy when you made a number of people who watched your videos happy :’)
Don't quit. We finally have someone normal to react to Japan in vídeos.
good
Time for the part your life where you do longform interviews with intellectuals like Jordan Peterson and Chris Williamson.
those headphones are class ngl
DA GOAT
Dont quit
You already become the Amazing legend Pewds! Maybe next in the future you can do some kind of podcast about anything that can brings peace in this fallout worlds. Invite some peoples, orbit them, share about many new things. Humanity, Go Green, Love and Peace, etc. Brofist~
love you man ❤️
I dont care if felix retires but I will always be fan of him no matter what happens…even tho im a late fan of him I still love him the same way the og’s does
I want you to be happy Felix. Do whatever makes that happen for you. I’ll watch it still and you’ll always be a bro
I still really enjoy when you upload Felix and to me you've definitely gotten past the Pewdiepie persona and are truly Felix. If that makes sense
It's been a great ride man I'm jus happy to be here
Don't quit plz
._.
Whatever you decide to do, we will be here and support you! :D
You had like multiple interest in hobbies, thats a sign of a really good mental health
We've grown with you, bro. We all got kids and shit, but still find time to see what's up with,  @pewdiepie !!. Lol
Bro fist! Lets goo.
Appreciate it as always Felix.   But uh, when are we gonna get a BeastMaster64 return??? 🤣🤣
Wooh got scared there for a moment lol but seriously thanks for sharing and still making content! Supporting all the way no matter what kinds
You should make gundam build videos
FLOOR GAAANG
One of the many inspirations for my channels and I’m sure many individuals trying to do this as a career. Keep up the good work my Dude. Been a fan for a long time now. Ignore the haters.
I am happy that despite everything, you've been able to reinvent your love for making youtube videos again.  It doesn't matter in what kind of genre; I genuinely appreciate and love the content you make til this very day.  And I have been watching videos from you ever since you started doing so, I am happy to see how you have grown as a person and solely for that fact I will always keep in track of the content you post here!  Keep being yourself, and enjoy the things you do rather than overthinking of what you should be to others Pewds!
You can't quit pewds! It will be the end of an era that's just too sad for us 🥲
i love u pewds, u mean more to me than u can know and im happy ur still here
Broooooo fiiiiist
Weird headphones bro
Haven't seen any videos lately but saw this one and I approve xD You are happy, that's what really matters.
No! Dont QUIT... You make your videos whenever you want. Take your time, us fans are just happy that you are also in a happy place... I'm glad you didn't quit ❤
His Fanbase wasnt even alive by the time he started
I think many ppl don't want you to quit and I hope we still get to enjoy many years of content brought by you Felix. Life is like a pokemon it evolves lol 👍
when he did brofist, my eyes just start watering ngl.....
I’ve loved your recently videos!! Love seeing Japan through you & Marzia 💗
I have been following since the beginning and I have loved every bit of your journey. Always bringing comfort and laughs. Keep doing you pewds!!
Knew you from amnesia back when I was like 9-10, now turning 20 it's been fun so far, brofist
BROFIST! AAAAAAAAAA
Bro you are so wholesome I high-key look up to you
man the brofist in the end gives me tears
Felix man, you are the best, thanks, I truly love your videos, keep doing what you love, and we will be here as long as you are having fun, I love your more profound videos, those, are the best, and I love watching glimpses of Japan with you and Marzia
Pewds we watt to sei you happy
I could literally watch you watch paint dry, I don't care what you upload. I've been watching you since I was 9 years old and now I'm 19 you will always be a very big part of my life 💕
Just have fun, bro.
Pewds maturing over the years is very inspiring and he's also a super entertaining individual. Glad to see him happy and living the dream. I don't want him &o quit he's still young and I'm sure he can provide us with some more amazing memories.
goodbye doom 2016 displate in the backround😩😩😩
He’s bringing the bro first back and he’s doing what he wants…sounds like a good trade to me :)
What does he meanby shorts?
well most of your viewers are also adult now i totally understand what pewds wanted to say .  im just here still enjoying video .  watching pewds since Outlast vid came out .
CARTMAN BRAAAH!!!
The best content Pewds makes is what Felix likes. His authenticity is what we enjoy.
You lose your mind and soul obsessing over numbers. Look at those who have more subs than you. Unless they just want money ig.
*Pewds talking about serious stuff* *dong*
TLC?
Enjoy pewds a fan since 2011
You are and always will be the YouTube GOAT! You have been a big part of my life and I really look up to you! Keep doing what makes you happy! Hope you continue making videos for years to come!
I like that he has technically retired but he greets us with a video here and there and it’s nice.
You could find a middle ground and just post less often or post what or when you feel like it.  You don't have to go full throttle or quit.  People get a lot of enjoyment out of your channel, but you need to enjoy what you are doing too.
I really like who you are. I feel like it's time for this "peace," you've been here for so long, one of the O.G.'s. You're not shouting, or pretending to be hyped or excited, and you've always been so honest. I enjoy what you do now, more than I did before, because you can absolutely tell when someone is happy and enjoying themselves and that's what I gravitate towards. That you're doing things because you want to, not because you are compelled to under pressure. We're just friends tagging along, or hanging out. I don't think I would have enjoyed this time in your life as much, had you and your audience not been through all the ups and downs over the years. I don't know if some people would call it "deserved", but it is definitely "time." It's been over a decade, we're older. We passed the hustle and grind together. It's time to be happy.
as long as you're uploading, I'll be watching. Love you man
I think starting a podcast series would really kinda satisfy yourself and the fans 🤔
I’m truly glad he made it.  He seems really genuine and sweet even with risky jokes.  ❤️
Just post when you feel like it, if you’re not feeling it you’re not obliged to do it. At least as a fan of like…8 years I understand the struggles you’ve faced. From the time when you were uploading happy wheels, club penguin thing and scare pewdiepie, to the sun to pewds polemic. You’ve never let me down, you’re an individual, not perfect and we grow each year with you.
I love you pewds
Love it, keep doing what you love pewd, we will always support you <3
Its been a great 12 years thus far. My husband and I have so many memories watching your vids together since we married (almost 12 years for us as well lol) Thank you, pewds
I just want pewds to upload gaming content and his d&d game. Also create a separate channel for talking about politics, religion, philosophy, and his take on world events.
WE LOVE YOU PEWDS
nice headphones. those are like 3 grand lol
Best of luck in the future pewdiepie.
What kind of headphones is Felix using in this video? They look pretty good.
u r a living legend, i hope u know that
Good to see you smile over surfing, it shows it's something you truly like.  Enjoy bud!
Time to start a family imo
👏❤🙌
do whatever you want felix
U are now really good in vlogs that's something new
If pewds quite, then 2022 will get even worse...
But they do evolve
All the best pewds!
Even if you do quit, we still had good memories of you felix. We won't stop you if you need to contiune on. Thanks again from stopping my depression in middle school with your Is hilarious screams and jokes from your video.
Yo it’s sive! :0
Nah this is was an wonderful journey from horror to Japan. It is fun. Keep it up
Just keep going we’re here
I don't know why but when Felix just talks it feels like if a friend tells you about their day. It has been a crazy time, Felix, but I think we all will be happier when you're happier.
Love ya, ur a great content creator, don’t quit if u don’t wanna, If u wanna that’s ok. Just don’t let ppl tell u what to dooooo.
I’ve been here since I was 12, I turn 22 next week. You’ve been here almost every day and the same way your channel changed we’ve all been through changes in our lives. You’ve been like a brother or a friend, even if you’ll never know me I’ll say that whatever happened in the past and whatever the future brings, you’ve always had and always will have at least have one person supporting your decisions all the way from sweden. I love you man
You do you Pewds
Just like other, do what makes YOU HAPPY
i love your japanese vlogs
Bruv he gotta get a cool clock 4 the background
👊
I hate shorts, I wish ppl would stop clicking on them so that yt removes them :/ You are great tho!
always take ur phone or camera with u, cuz u never know when u will clip through the ground..      Backrooms? Duh.
Need boxing gloves for how often you punch your mic :P
Just realize, you used that audeze casually damn. well done felix
hope u continue having fun and keep on uploading
We're happy no matter the content you put out! I love the Japan content & how relaxing it is to watch. Been a bit of a low mood the past few days but currently watching your recent video before this one & it's helped a lot, so thank you for providing a place to wind down after a busy day, and keep up doing what's best for you! Whatever makes you happiest makes us happy too ❤
Don't stress it out pewds. Just upload some random sh*t and it would still watch it.
Mate, between the Japan vlogs and that Elden Ring video, it's clear that you're just choosing whatever content makes you feel good. Given the consistent community and following that you have gathered over the years, I believe it's safe to say a huge bulk of the viewers are here for you. I know I personally am. Sure I won't watch every single upload, but I never got close to unsubbing either  Enjoy life, my man! <3 You guys deserve it and it's honestly so great to see that you are simply having fun. May we all one day be able to just sit back and enjoy our hobbies the same way. It's cathartic to see it in your videos
Thank you for providing content throughout the years! The vlogs, the games, the memes, the RL-updates,  love them all!
crazy to think that we grew watching you and you grew with the platform itself youll always be the youtube king, and were glad youre happy
Brofist to you felix... Brofist to you..
go pro on the board 🏄‍♂️
As long as you enjoy it, keep doing it
You are the best! You talk like a wise man who looks back on his life and found his perfect way to live.  Do whatever you love to!
Do you, bro <3
Don't quit please
We appreciate you Felix, but... WTF are those monstrosity on your ears?
Become a chess channel Pewds. Would love your commentatory and reactions while you blunder pieces❤
You are always the best yt for me
Can I suggest that you look into what Ian Hecox did with his dying youtube channel "smosh" : Hired a full team of funny and talented people, gave them jobs and career, while making his more interesting!
You do what you want with the channel man. It is your channel after all. You get that much . We’re here for it
But why does he has giant wine barrrels on his ears?
Maybe you should migrate to a vlog
U didn't quit cause big pp energy ( hope yall do great wether you quit or stay still will go back and watch you and stephano get scared shitless)
Even if you're not that active a youtuber anymore, I'm still staying here out of loyalty toward you and the community
Dude, you've done your job. You made us happy through the years! It's high time we do the same to you!
Felix, you have to keep making videos. Sive needs a job so he won’t starve
Thank God you finally got a real pair of headphones
Everything is ego, Seek the truth and you will find God :)
Youll never quit.
Thanks for staying with us man! You've been such a help to me over the years, (not gonna go into specifics) So thank you, and I hope you can keep on going! Also surfing? Nice Dude.
Thank you for sharing, Felix! :)
Wtf are you wearing
Maybe do music
❤
Love you, don't quit!
Getting out of the West is one of the best thing piewd has done, good for you and marzia man, Good luck.
Your audience has also grown up with you Felix.  The guy back 11 years ago finishing high school laughing at your videos is now 30+. Everyone changes and it's great to see that you have also evolved with everyone else
Thank you, Pewdiepie. Very cool. 👊🏻
Hey Felix, it’s okay to take some time to enjoy your life It’s same as we waited from your month-offs, so we’ll come back and see when you want to upload your own content👍 Also, I love the wooden headphones
Change isn’t always something to fear, and I’ll be here through it all ❤️
Been with u for about 8-9 years, grown up with your videos. Just do whatever you feel like doing, itll be alright, well enjoy it and if some of us dont you will get a closer knit group of fans that do enjoy it
25K HEADPHONES, BUT STILL THE SAME GUY ROFL
must feel good when you dont have to rely on work to see a paypacket come in. to just 'relax and enjoy life'. Not bitter about this at all..
Hey man you do you. You've already given us so much fun, happy memories and contents and we are proud of every achievement you got regardless wether you care for it or not. Doesn't matter what videos you upload we are just really glad you are still uploading videos and it is something that we still look into that we honestly enjoy watching. Take care pewds! *Brofist*
We're just here to hang out, my dude.
You know, I decided that I was gonna start doing youtube 2 years ago?  Didn't happen either 😕
Thank you and yea keep YouTube & I like horror playthroughs
Retirement pewds era has begun
Привет пйюд
I love seeing how happy you are. Idk for how long you will continue to do vlogs but I will love every single one of them. Its nice to see you just get to live so happy. I hope you keep living happily
We have nothing but gratitude to you Felix~san.
Its nice to see u grow, not as a channel but as a person. Year after year. Literally, each arc has been nice.
Its great that you make these kind of videos every once in a while, its been 10 years growing with you and learning more about Felix. Its so strange that we may never meet but i feel for you that great long time friendship, love u poods, keep going!!
He’s blushing.
we really love the japan vlogs, it makes it feel like im watching my childhood hero live his best life and were in the final happy arc of an anime. Please keep it up, if you ever do gaming or collab videos or take a break from vlogs its all good. Do what makes you happy
The fact you want to keep going with it even when you’ve reached your happyending is so inspiring. Thanks for sharing pewds 👊🌺
u know pewds. For me, another happy pewds video, another happy me today. Just do what u love.
Long Live Pewds
your workspace looks so good rn! the colors!
:]
Don’t make content for anyone but yourself. If I’m not interested in a video you upload, then I won’t watch…that simple. If I am intrested then I’ll watch. If you wanna upload 7 times in 4 days then not up for 3 months, go ahead!!! DO WHAT YOU WANT! You made your legacy and career so reap the benefits and do whatever man. There will always be someone to tune in.
I can see your problem... ITS TIME FOR A PEWDIEPIE RESET. Lets all unsubscribe and hit 100mil again!
The heck are those massive headphones
"wow he's been here since 2010? That's so long ago."  ...*realizes I activated this account 3 years prior.* well sh!t.. 👵🏽👵🏽👵🏽👵🏽
Perhaps book review should make a comeback!
Bro fist 🤜🏼 poods!!!
I want to watch the video, but i can't get past that tiny 'boop' in the background every few seconds 😭
Dude, just chill as you like! We all love your japanese videos! We want more of them! Hope you are happy!
I approve this message. Enjoy yourself man. You deserve it
But the Japan vlogs give me peace
YouTube and PewDiePie has become like synonyms .... It's a kind of "till death do us part" thing .. I can't imagine YouTube without PewDiePie... This is like an emotion
i love japan , comming.....
👍
I grew up with you, Pewds, you are someone I looked up to in all the different stages of my life, you are way older than me, that's true. But thanks to this channel and all your content, I am the person that I am today. Thank you for all the years, and thank you for the brofist. Love you man!
i would be sad if pewds quit, i will support you whatever you want to do pewds.  i mean i was a fan since a long time that i would fell like when your favorite band separates
Me not knowing he has retired🤣
Quit. You are not aging well. Stay young in the minds of millions of trolls such as myself.
Bring back meme review
Thank you for this video, Felix. Just thank you. You do you 😊.
YES THE BRO FIST!!!
The bro fist at the end gave me chills 💯😂
who are you and why youtube proposed this to me?
Honestly I love the vlogs you've been doing. I can't visit Japan yet so I live through you lol.
If people dont like Felix being himself instead of pewdiepie 24/7 I think they should realise that the person on the screen is just as real as themselves
You're reached a point where your viewers would watch anything you upload :p defo take advantage of that
New Minecraft series let’s go
pewdiepie's entire channel is felix character development and it's one the best character development  i have seen or heard of.
Long story short... You will always be a legend on YouTube. Your name will live on the platform for years👊
Pewdiepie is now like the Simpsons
Pewds you are the best. Don't let that comments burden you. Do what you want to do
God's be praised, the swed ain't done yet
hope the best for you pewds
bro the brofist gave me goosebumps ! :'''')
I’m so glad Felix is still posting & if I’m honest I kind of prefer this content more.. quality over quantity any day of the week, pls don’t let the Japan vlogs stop
Hope you stay happy doing what you enjoy
I will always support you Felix don't feel like you have to please everyone 😔
Thats why I love you dude
You do you tanks pewds you made me happy and you made me understand English I am from Ethiopia
when you done and achieved it all it creates freedom to do whatever you want... not trying to please the algorithm and enjoying yourself makes in my humble opinion the best videos
Felix inspires me to want to move to Japan, to do better, the fact he was able to reflect and grow from controversy and make himself a better person
There is still a part to play..
Love you legend
He beated the game, congrats Pewds!
I don't care about a format of your videos, i just love to have fun with you on youtube :3
Pls book review
Jabba The Hut
Love the fact that you started surfing. It’s such an amazing experience, can’t wait for you to get your first barrel.
I think you are doing everything right, pewds. You reached all those high numbers, and now you can do whatever you want, have fun, emjoy yourself - and whatever you like sharing, share it. I think your commentsection has turned into a very chill collection of old bros and 19 year olds, from any era, and maybe even new people who are just here to hang out and enjoy.  Thank you for sticking around! Have fun!
Is everyone blind or what..he does not wanna retire because of yt money .. it's fricking obvious...
I am not even going to lie here. I don't watch Pewds as much as I used to. I mean I turn 25 in a few months and I started watching him at 12 I think. It was absolutely fucking amazing. I like the tempo he's currently going. I like to know he's still around. It's really comforting to know he's doing okay. It's good to know he's healthy and I love how he grew and evolved. I know that I will stick around forever. I won't watch every video the second it comes out, the way I used to do it. I will just watch whenever I'm interested in his posts. Love you pewds.
**Börks in happyness**  ^_^
CAN YOU HEAR ME NOW?!? 😂😂😂 Them things are huge!!!!
I haven't watched a PDP vid in forever. Like, a literal year maybe? Maybe longer, idk. It actually surprised me when this vid popped up on my feed. When it was clear he hated Americans, I pretty much just gradually lost interest and stopped clicking. I still like him overall and have been insanely entertained with so many of his vids and series, and he's definitely been through a lot of shit. I guess I just grew into a different person too. He's a cool guy, I honestly wish the best for him no matter what he does.
Give us anythink anytime, we'll take it.
It was a good run
if you quit when i fly to japan i am gonna kidnap you and force you to make videos... we will start with some horror games so i can relieve the nostalgia but after 1 year i would let you make your own videos from the basement that i would have you trapped
I was wondering which microphone arm was in the background on the left. The horizontal joint isn't something I've seen before, so it looked interesting. Then I realized it was a desk light.
Hey.  Nice you are able to relax at a young age.  It would be awesome if you can get talented individual and out them on your channel.  Simulation1999 composes is own music and has a YouTube channel.
Just quit boomer
It's good to have a home, and there's really no point of moving out if there's nothing significant you'd want to change about it
Happy pewds is the best era and that’s all that matters to us
As much as I love you yes please quit while you're still on top. I just hate to see your channel just forgotten and slowly die. I get you still want to make vids gor fun, I recommend you to put it in another channel or platform..
Честно говоря, именно поэтому и смотрю тебя - потому что видно, что все что ты говоришь от души и очень честно. Как будто общаешься со старым другом, и чувствуешь, что прожил с тобой рядом большую жизнь и многому научился. Уйдешь ли или нет - я уверен что для миллионов (аж 111) ты стал действительно если не наставником, то отличным другом. Что бы не произошло дальше, спасибо тебе за честность и все, что ты вкладываешь в свой контент!
Why dont try something different. Start investigating major world religions; Christianity, Islam etc. and study existentialism philosophy as well as psychology. Without knowing meaning of life nothing really is worth doing (youtube or anything else).
The commenters telling you to quit, need to quit. Unsubscribe or just don't watch if you don't like it, let people post what they want.
Brofist 🥹
Nice headphones 🎧🎶
Felix, remember you do you our bro. We will be happy otherwise, because we will know that this decision will make you happy! Thats what matter the most for us. Your happiness ♡ so proud to be a bro for so many years. We been thru so much! Much love! We love you and Marzia and your pugs so much ♡ brofist!
*Me, an irregular viewer:* I like his headphones
MEMES are overdue heheheheehehe
I’m just happy that you’re happy and enjoying life. 🙂
that headset is dope
Just do what you feel like doing and enjoy Japan. Seeing you happy and exploring a new country with you is a blast!
You Ducking deserved this. Enjoy ur time with ur wife maybe kids soon :)
those heaedphones though
What's wrong with Felix camera?
What are the headphones?
Personally felix has changed my life. From when I started to watch pewd's fridays with pewdiepie til today, I wouldnt change a thing. I'm so proud or felix. And even though I'd love for him to keep uploading videos, I think everyone should strive to do what they want. So if felix retires, then yea. That's his choice and I fully support him.
Alternate video title: Fuck y’all haters I’m still here bitch!
I truly believe that this is the best way to handle your situation. You already reached the top and went through all the tough roadblocks and BS. Why subject yourself to the new meta of youtube. Just upload whatever you feel like doing regardless of the trends. Make it a hobby, not a job and you will feel more fulfilled and real. Congrats on the move to Japan :)
LOL funny Pewds, we all have our ups and downs I liked this video yes!!!!👍😅
To me, this is the type of "content" I ways wanted you to do. Just life, seem how your perspective of life is right now, simple things like eating a new ice cream flavour, mundane. But I love this kinda of thing. It's the best moment for me about your channel, life, philosophy, etc.
You look so good!! I always like to see you doing well, it’s a new chapter in your life, but that doesn’t mean you need to bury yt or anything else you used to do, you doing for fun it’s good enough for me and I’m sure for everybody else that support you!
Hey Pewds I hope maybe you could still do book reviews? You really changed my life in so many ways for the better and I loved reading the books you presented!! If not just know we Love you pewds!! Enjoy Japan ❤️❤️❤️❤️
damn these are audeze lcd-2  you do know something about the sound stuff  but uve mixed right-left channels on the cable or u mirror the image.  and the cable is stock. is kinda meh.
Thanks
i remember when i was like 13 when i first started watching you  now im a senior for comms engineering and i understand what you mean that as we get older we change. but somehow its still fun to watch your videos still  and just from a humanitarian view point im just happy that you are happy  and i thank you for entertaining me whenever i needed it  and i wish you have a happy life and find new stuff to try and have fun with  especially with marzia   wishing you both the best ❤️
U inspireed me to do youtube
Pewds I remember skate 3 and happy wheels and I love those days but I don’t need that what I need is you to grow and do what you got to do you might not read this but I do know memories are great and you have that to me I don’t want you to walk away from YouTube but I would love to see a few every month so I know your doing good all love brofist 😂
bro fist
based pewdiepie
LOVE LOVE LOVE the GOOD Felix!! LOVE this "character arc" so much!!!
from the bottom of my heart, please keep going. it doesnt matter if u upload once a month or a year, but just give us an update. ur the older brother u never had. edit: very grateful for all the years and the years to come. :)
You deserved all the rest and spend more time with your wife and dogs, you can comeback anytime we will always be here for you since the past 12 years even we get old. We will always be here for you pewds you did more then enough for us thank you
I am just glad you are happy and living your life
Felix just has what any good artist would have, idk the name for it but it's when you hate that the work you put least effort into gets the praise
just quit and take you time bro
I don’t watch Pewdiepie often since he moved to Japan and that’s ok. There will be people here who enjoy watching him still.
👊
Make whatever content you want to make Pewds We are always with you
I love you Felix
I'd say you don't have to worry about you letting people down or where the channel his heading, you been around long enough that your followers grew up with you and likely feel the same way for the most part. Most of them are adults now too.
I would hurt alot if you stopped uploading but if the time comes. We can always look back and reminisce on what was great, made me happy and laugh😁
Please collaborate with @abroad in japan !
Legends never die
king take as much time as u want😁💪🏼
the first youtuber to recognise he has enought subs
I Personaly love that brofist at the ending!! Ahhh the nostalgia
Been with u since u played amnesia and A-Oni or whatever tf that purple troll was. Lmao it’s been a good ride man. I’ll be missing you.
Love you Pewds just keep doing what you love.
Respect for the hifimans. Great headphones.
Im glad you stayed. I'm actually a new sub, but I've heard about you for the longest time. Your Japan videos give me a moment of fun and enjoyment 😉 it's very important for my mental health. You don't even know. Thanks
Pewdiepie should retire from his main channel and go make a gaming channel
hey everyone i just wanna say to believe in Jesus for he loves u so much that he died for u so u can have a relationship with him. Believe in him and ask him for forgiveness of ur wrongdoings
Meme review is about staying in the loop and escapism. With shorts, you can outsource meme review to shorts and not do full 10-15mm videos on content perfect for shorts.
thank you so much pewds
This man is the definition of grind. He got the bread and he now enjoys the endgame. And I'm into it <3 :)
I'd quite like to see Long form videos, similar to the elden ring video. There's no rush to get it done, itl be a fun project (he says) and it'd be something that you'd want to do and itl be ready when it's ready. I enjoy that type of thing but what ever you feel makes you happym
see you over a year then mate, enjoy !
whats those random audio cues
We will always remember felix
Millionaire issues, so relatable.
Felix changed the entire youtube scene, maybe not on purpose, but he did it with his growth and the way he's always interacted with his audience despite the massive change in his content over the years. I think the majority of us were young kids when we first started watching him and are now young adults (im 20) and i love the vlogs way more than any gaming video or meme review stuff, because its more real and its showing what he's doing in his spare time and how he's changed over the years. Youtube owe him a lot for the amount of views and new people he's brought onto the platform over the years. If he quits, we will support him. If he stays, then we will keep watching and enjoying.  It's a much calmer time on the channel now and I think the vast majority of us are enjoying this new chapter of the Pewdiepie channel. <3
I'm just happy that you're happy! Your happiness comes through in the content and that's what matters... That's also what makes your videos enjoyable. :)
Im glad that pewds stay on "retire" phase than quitting you tube, im kinda disappointed that he rarely upload but atleast we know he's happy and live well and that's good to me 👊
Dont be sorry bro you do you! i personally have been enjoying seeing you just have fun :)
Love you pewds been watching since 2013
You got much wiser and knowledgeable and it shows in the type of content you produce now, no need to stop doing YouTube it can be a life long hobbie as long as it makes you happier.
why say you dont have time, just say you have different priorities
Why would you
I LOVE THAT UNIT-01 IN THE BACKGROUND
morbius
Love you man
You may not have been in Japan now if you quit
Hey Felix if you write a book abt your journey like I'm gonna cry like the wayyy you have changed as a person and inspired soo many of us like love you man !! ❤️
Pewds, I would love to see ur own podcast thanks for everything
You can make less videos and make them charity fundings. Why not use this notoriety for helping others ?
brofist
Just make videos when something interesting is happening and you feel like and we will watch and enjoy 🙂 Don't be stressed about upload schedules. Every YouTuber should be like that.
You never give up and you never let go bro fist.
Would you ever visit India?
I personally like the vlogs of Japan, Felix, Marzia, Maya and Edgar !!
i love japan and i love pewdiepie!, so it's been amazing seeing your journey to be here now. I hope i can duplicate your tenacity.
i wanna be a youtuber
😎
Great to hear from you!
Pewds has more views than people on earth 🤯
<3
pewdiepie is like the god of youtube
Tbh I love the less frequent uploads because when they come it’s exiting and I know you are genuinely doing it in your own time and you’re having fun.
Hey man, you do you. It’s been one fun ride and I think a lot of us have changed along side you. Personally, it’s not long till I’m gonna be in university and I started watching during high school. So it’s been a wild ride and I think you deserve the ability to chill and do things how you wanna do it. Enjoy surfing my friend
Almost forgot this guy exists lmao
I'm sorry, I am just wondering why Princess Leia is speaking on Pewd's YT channel
I’m so happy you’re still here ❤️
halo #
This feels like the epilogue episode in animes
I love these update videos, even though pewds is 7 years older than me I feel like we grew up together watching him that much back in the day. Now it’s an update how a friend is doing nowadays and always good to hear things are going well.
We need scare pewdiepie season 2 still
This man really is the golden child of YouTube, maybe the internet as a whole. No matter how you feel about him, his career is/was a historic event that helped change how the world viewed the internet for better and for worse. His story seems like the epitome of what was once coined "the American dream", but not relegated to one county.
In india that's how they retire or delete the govt jobs permanently, by forcefully retiring a person and then hiring that same person for the same job but through a private company. So...
you won't see this, but I never want u to absolutely stop uploading. Do it when you feel like it, do it once  a week or a month, there's 100 million of us who'll feel too lonely if you go away
Don't really watch any more but I won't unsubscribe and don't mind that I don't enjoy your current form of content, people change over time and that's okay Fuck the hater a do what you want, compared to others on YouTube you are a great guy and always made wholesome content and for that I think you deserve to be happy. You do you pewds
nice vid but um I hate your headphones like I want to curbstomp them they are so ugly. Love you tho
Your BS vlogs are actually my favorite currently. I'm hoping you keep that up. It's also super entertaining seeing what's going on in Japan. I'm a long time fan of your channel. I'm hoping you vlog for us even when you and Merz get old. 😆
Great update and happy for you guys
If Felix decided to finally stop uploading I just wish he'd go with a bang just to celebrate all of it
Today is my birthday! Will Pewds see this comment? And thanks for dropping this video today. I needed to hear your message.
Whether you quit YouTube or not... Nice to meet you... You're a great guy who brought joy to me a bunch of times. If you don't quit, I'd keep watching your content anyways... Haha... 👊 💕
You’ve worked hard for years growing your channel and building up to the audience and success you have today. It makes sense now to make what you want, when you want, how you want because now you can. No longer grinding for the algorithm but making content on your own terms. I support it wholeheartedly. Take care Felix.
We'll always love you Pewds, no matter what you want to do in the future we'll always support you!
so happy that ur happy :(
I'm here for 2018 pewd
I'll always be here
with you we also grow and change and for me this new content is more fun than ever, keep doing what you wanna do Pewds <3
People change, people, grow, which is the same with videos, Youtube is a platform that is very personal and not TV, it changes with each person and each preference because it is a personal channel, that is it, for me I've seen Pewds from a long time now, and I've watched him grow with Marcia, and it feels like a person being themselves and I love it, this is what youtube should be all about, I think this is why it was created and so appealing, we need to stop asking for what we like (that's what streamings are for) and enjoy the channels for what they are. This is not TV, is a person with a life that wants to share with all of us, is not scripted, it should not be scripted, let's all enjoy.
I will be so sad if I never see pewdz again in the future
<3
I love you pewdiepie
at this point just do videos whenever u want and about whatever. lol
That stuck feeling we are all feel, but sadly this is the life for most of us.
I gotta say I miss your old content, meme review, the Minecraft series etc... But the new content is also great and I love it too, and it's really refreshing seeing a YouTuber just do YouTube for fun again and not to be a cog in the machine, I genuinely love that ur just doing what u want and not caring about the numbers that's something we need more of
XYZ...in math
what in the hell is that headset
Hey Felix, the cool part about your channel growing is we’re also growing too. I started watching you in high school. Now I’m graduating college, starting a career, and getting engaged. As you like to make new videos we like to watch new videos. Your channel evolves and so do we. We’re just along for the ride.   I’ve enjoyed every era of the channel and I’m sure I’ll enjoy what’s to come. You have to finish your current chapter to start the next. And eventually it’s a whole new book. Thanks for everything.
Felix, I’ve been watching you for many years, ( I don’t even know how long). It would break my heart to see you go, but I’d be happy for you. Praying for your future man 🙏🏼
Whatever you decide to do we wish you all the best. Also, more book-reviews?
You’re an inspiring person, though we as fans just want to make sure that you’re taking care of yourself before us.
Huge headphones
I've stuck with you for every change you've gone through from 2012 to now, all not completely because of the content you made, but because of who you were as a person, and there were hiccups along the way, but I don't regret a single moment of spending my time watching you do whatever you did at the time, I regard you as like an old friend, as cringe as that sounds lol.
ah early retirement, better get some more gundam models or some 3d printers lol
Good thing about youtube is that people can just look up any old video they enjoy and watch that. Whatever video that contains you getting tilted while playing something difficult is by far the best imo since I never watched you for ”deep content”. Just wanted a laugh 🤷‍♂️
I'm happy he finally decided to use HiFi Headphones.
I’ve been watching your videos and have been subscribed for about ten years and watching your content change and you grow as a person was always so incredible. Love your sit down videos and love that you are still here doing what you love and finding joy in it! It’s been such a pleasure to grow up watching you. <3
that bro fist at the end hit home.
Book review?
You do you Felix, as long as you’re happy we’re happy
You’re a good bloke and I wish nothing but the best for you
We can tell you care Pewds, because we've watched you through all of your highs and lows, times where you were most happy, times where you were carefree, times where you made yourself sad, and you know what, this is the best you Pewds. This right here. Someone up above is proud of you and what you've done. And we're proud too. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts.   Bro fist.
2012 to now its been a wild ride and I'll be sticking around for the next great chapter! Do what makes you happy! 😊
Some people don't understand the reality about "quitting": you never quit something, you eventually do it less and less until it dies down, or revives someday when you decide to do it again. It doesn't matter, for example, how hellbent World of Warcraft players are about quitting. You never quit something entirely. It's like life. Do you quit life? No. You keep living until life eventually ends.
bridge comment
I'm so glad you're in a place where you can enjoy sharing videos again. I sincerely hope you stay in that mental space because you deserve it!
Have fun with all the sidequests you can pewds you deserve it
The videos have been great. Thanks for not quitting king 🙏🏼
you should know we all support you on your life choices, 111M people on this planet love you and like your content  i would love for there to be more pewdiepie, but maybe not constantly or such high quality, just a fun time with pewdiepie whenever YOU feel like it. It'd be awesome for you to never truly quit, and maybe get a video once a year, however, if you dont want to even do that, we are all happy for you, you get 500k views in 4 hours, your channel will grow even without you. good luck and hope you decide what makes you happy
Good foe you Felix.   You have reached the next save station. Gotta love that save station!!!
B-word lasagna has 308M views btw
Felix menar gå tillbaka till Sverige och visa de andra
Still third most subbed youtuber of the time of this comment and I don't want him to quit yet
yahh bruhh do your things
Really like the setup now ! The lightning and the colors look nice !  And To see that he still does YouTube and enjoys it, is actually really inspiring !
Youve reached the top. Sit down and enjoy the view man.
To pay bills, simple asf
I appreiciate you dude. Love you surfing videos.
Minecraft Was a MasterPiece
I watch your videos and I been watching you since those season 1 walking dead  episodes keep up the entertainment do what makes you happy
Dude love you from begining and whatever you will make i will watch it
It's not work if you have fun doing it hes been retired for a long time
Frankly, the sound, the production, and the fun that this person offers, it is difficult to find anyone offering the same thing 👏💖
Do what you want to do pewdiepie! You don’t have to do something you don’t like bc of others, do what makes you happy but we love you here🥲
👊
Ive been watching Felix for around 6 years but the curent content is one of my favorites and im really happy to see him living his dream life and how everyone else loves it aswell. His fanbase is one of, if not the greatest on this platform, keep doing what you love Felix we will support you all the way! <3
cringe
Start a family. I started watching you when I was like 14 I’m now 26. You deserve to do something for you and your wife. YouTube will always be here. But the time you have with your wife is limited.
its impressive bow pewds kep uploading for 12 years, even if he isnt trying to grow his channel more, i still like his videos, i hope he doesn't quit ):
I just want vlogs I don't want the stupid reaction vids to boring memes etc a little gameplay vid from time to time would be nice but just the vlogs would suffice.
One day we need a compilation of the greatest ever pewdiepie moments, that would be an emotional video for a lot of people who grew up watching him
ngl the brofist made me cry
I like your hair
Sounds good to me hahaha
Started watching at 15 and still here at 22. Legend
no matter if you retire we we’ll be here for you!
good boi
Had a joy tear dropped, watching this vid... Pewds. I really appreciate what state of mind, you've accomplished,
Soooooo... Poppy Smoria returns!?
We love you Felix.
Gå tillbaka till Sverige och sälj ketchup Felix alltså
He cares about us who is still with him and understand all the changes, still appreciate all his uploads. We're happy to see you happy, pewds! We'll always love u 👊
I’ve been following you for almost 8 years now. Whatever you decide to do I’m sure me as well as all of your supporters are still going to support you no matter what. Any video I love watching and any post on Instagram or any social update will make us happy as long as you are happy. Brofist :)
I can honestly relate to Felix’s point about wanting to do YouTube for fun. It seems that all the big YouTubers are competing against each other or primarily focused on becoming big. You have all these really energized videos that overdoes it on the editing, which results in the feeling that there’s no break. If you do videos for fun and not fame, naturally you’re true self will come out, and you’re not gonna burn yourself out by flexing cash, raising your voice, or obsessing with due dates and schedules. Because there’s no “fun” for the YouTuber and/or audience, it’s all gonna get old real fast.
If you're still happy uploading just do it as and when you please x
Looks sh* to me
Pewds being like Saitama.
glöm inte att alltid göra de som känns bäst felix, vi e alltid här o supportar 🤍
I love the vlog episodes, showing the fun and beauty of Japan
More pewds 👍is what I like
Thankyou. Thankyou so much Felix you have no idea how many lives you have changed! ❤️
Why he didn't quit?  Because he's JOHN CENAAAAA
Have some Kids.
I like how The chair went thru the same design change as the og Toby Spider-Man suit
Neva listen to ppl that want u 2 quit. You literally have the biggest voice on the internets. U can b Kang of Japan...internet if u wanted 2
Well, good to know that he at least upload a video maybe once a month but at least we can check on pews and how is he
Love you ❤️❤️
Love you so much for all you do!
Been loving the vlogs and seeing you and Marzia and the puppies so happy and enjoying your new life together!! So so happy for you guys and blessed that you still let us glimpse into your journey! So much love to you both!
eres bien a toda madre we no te vallas aun estas chavo
Honestly, i appreciate him still uploading. If he aint uploading anymore, i wont even keep my youtube app. Im just always on tiktok
We will support you always pewds!
I feel like this video shows Felix’s growth  as a person over the years. I also feel like it shows a lot of audience growth when looking in the comments and seeing how many of us have been here for so long. Personally I started watched him when I was a 3rd grader and now I am a freshman in college.
Theres no quit just new arc in life
Humble
Next up: JDM Pewdiepie with sick cars.
If you  are happy, we are happy! Thanks
I’m happy you’re not quitting it’s just fun to have you here and when you do end up leaving that’ll be fine but I’m glad it’s not now
all love forever don't worry
I think whatever you want to do people will enjoy. I don't think that there's any videos that you make that I like more than others, everything you make is great and I think that's because it's a reflection of what you choose to make because you like it, and not what you choose to make because other people like it. so if you just keep doing you I think you'll continue on the way you are and the people will stay who want to stay in and people will leave who want to leave but in the long term you'll be happy and you being happy at the core is all that matters.
We love you pweds since day 1 <3
We love your vlogs plz don’t quit 🥺 vlogs>>>gaming content
The fuck are those headphones
2:26 *Sive furiously scrolling*
As someone who's been sticking up with the channel ever since the happy wheels series, I honestly feel this channel and you kind of grew up along with me, it's gone through phases I liked and phases I didn't like, I've been around more and around less, and even though we're not actually friends, I care about you, and I want to keep tabs on how you're doing and what you're doing. It would be awfully sad to have you quit completely, it'd feel like I've lost a friend (which is part of life though). I feel so well with how the channel's been lately, it's been casual, nothing forced, no characters, just a guy I've grew to care a lot about enjoying his time and sometimes hanging out with other people I also like and admire in Japan, and luckily sharing it all with us. People I'd actually hope to get to be friends some day with, though that's unlikely lol. I might be talking just for myself here (albeit I doubt it), but I truly feel like you as well as many others have become people I care deeply about, and I find so much joy in seeing you happy and living a good life.  I'll always be here for the support, love you and Marzia, please, keep posting for as long as you feel like it, it'll be a truly sad day when/if you ever decide to stop.
why pewd is hotter now?
C´mon pewds, at least keep doing the friday meme videos ´please
THANK YOU PEWDS
For me, regardless of the content you create, you bring something unique and I think it comes from being a genuine good person, you've inspired me to be a good person, to be the best of my self. That's what I enjoy about Felix is the growth as a human, the honesty and the personality you've forged over all these years which me and many others see and support and will continue to for however long you chose to enjoy creating.
I thought that the day pewds will retire I will be sad, but actually I'm genuinely happy for Felix, he accomplished so many things and it inspires me, inspires us. Pewds is the real man we can be proud  of
Hi Felix! I will support any of your decision! Even if you just post occasionally it’s still great! English is not my native language but I started watching you about 6 years ago and I learned a lot of morals because we have a similar sense of humor.  And then it was just awesome to keep watching you progress in life  I really genuinely enjoy your content whatever you do 💗
You’re a legend and a huge inspiration and part of my life and many others. If you retire then so be it! But be sure to upload a video every now and then just lettin us know how you are and give us that peace of mind. We care about you brother. Love you and thanks🖤🙂
Petition for pewds to do dolingo.
I'm in love with his headset 🥲
Cool.
we love you pewds even if you go, if you cameback, if you need to cameback, if you need to go we will always support you and we will be there man
I'm loving the vlog style vids. Do what makes you happy we'll all be here supporting it ❤️
Do not quit  I'm telling you  Don't do it...
**brofist**
Just do what you love man. If you continue to make content we'll be here to watch it.
Thank you so much. You keep doing you and we love fun videos that don't seem forced or paid to do
Hamburger 🍔
I have been watching you since I was 11 years old, I am now 22. It's been a wild ride, and Id be lying if I told you Ive been a fan this whole time, that being said you did well Felix, you crushed records on this site, and even through the hardest times have managed to stay relevant and make your channel work. That's saying something. I'm so happy for you, you've got a beautiful, and kind wife, you're both very successful, and you truly are getting to live out your dream. I hope I'm half as lucky as you are brother.
Just keep doing you
Don’t need nor deserve an explanation, would prefer if you still did meme review; it was great in its niche and good comedic satire. Money makes the world go round, if you have enough to make you happy, nothing else matters
I'm so happy you find joy in sharing what you love with us.
Hey Felix, maybe you should make more workout videos in your new home gym. As someone who's into working out, I'd love to see that. And it may motivate other people to workout and be active too
I got a message  Vi alla älskar dig och vill inte att du ska sluta göra videor Well its useless if you forgor swedish lmao
We love you and your content Pewds
I hope that, if you yourself are still interested in doing so, we get more book reviews from you! The ones you’ve put out have introduced me to some titles I really ended up loving
Jävla kung
I don't wanna see u quit neither do soo many people
big ah headphones
Your looking great Felix! Love the vids keep it up king
Felix, even if you might not see this just know you’ll always have an audience wherever you go. You’ve achieved greatness without the thought of needing to. You truly did everything you wanted to through yourself. You pushed through everything and we are proud of that. We are so thankful to even have you on a platform, I’ll continue to enjoy your videos thank you once again
shit its been 14 years since i subbed? messed up
Whatever pewds chose to do with his channel is up to him and we as fans will always support his decision because his happiness is our happiness 😊
I still remember how my first ever Pewdiepie video the first episode of Cry of Fear. I remember being instantly hooked to your channel and ever since I never missed a single video you uploaded, you are a big part of my childhood and I'm glad that I got to experience it like it was. You inspire so many people, not just to follow their own dreams of their own liking, but also to not have any fears on what to do and how to do it, you inspired me Felix, and for that I say thank you, for all the laughs and all the joy you've given all of us. No matter what you choose to do next, we will always support you and you will always be in our hearts and memories.  With Love, Bro Army.
Having Pewds still around is a bless, let's be real
I appreciate how you and you content has changed Pewds but I never considered “Meme Review” or “Pew News” “shallow”.   Sure they dealt with short-lived and often superficial topics but to me they kept me updated with what’s happening on the Internet or newest meme trends. And it was always more fun to review these  with a content creator who I truly enjoy watching.   Just a different perspective to those types of content. :) Bro-fist!
Felix. Just di whatever the fuck you want dude. I will still watch your videos.
Bring back beastmaster64
I don't want you to ever quit Youtube. You're a legend bro.
we love you a lot and THANK YOU FOR NOT QUITING❤
Sometimes you need to cross the bridge. You may not want it even if it is what you want. I miss your bridgecrossing. You got a little too into it. But it was fun to see.
Bara kör på med vad du tycker är kul!
i think back then you kept grinding ang grinding youtube that it kind off burnt you out, looking at it your youtube career was a non stop grind that led you to the top, i think you deserve to have freedom on your youtube, maybe let your editor decide where it goes maybe focus on your reading, write a book., you are awesome pewds and its an honor seeing your adventure through the years, we might just be viewers but it felt like weve been with your journey anw we demand pewnews to be back :D
I'm glad I grew up watching you Pewds, whatever you do next, everyone that grew up with you, will also support you!
Having Felix be happy and satisfied in his life and uploading once or twice a month will forever be better than the daily upload grind from before. As much as those videos were fun and all, you can see the genuine difference in his own well being in these recent videos and I can't support it enough. My interests have also shifted and matured as I grew older and I love all the changes you do with your content!
This brofist hit different and i loved it. You go girl, amazing 10 years behind you, and amazing 10 years to come.
Based
wait so is sive out of a job now
Lol the happily ever after pic, loved it
if you quit, can i have the sub pls :">
pewds do you see yourself ever doing gaming streams/videos again? i love those so much don't get me wrong, i love your japan vlogs too and i would certainly love it alot if you do manage to find time to play whatever games you like with an audience again (i would quite literaly inhale and snort any sort of gaming content from your channel) but again, it is completely understandable if you dont see yourself doing these gaming streams/videos ever again (like i said, i would literally inhale every piece of content that u make on this channel) ily tho
We’ll always be here for you, we’ll always be supporting and following along your life, thank you Felix❤️
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
You do you pewds, we are here for what you want to do,  be happy ;)
You are like a old friend I hang out with once and a wile.  Keep it up man, but at the pace that flows with your life. Bro Fist!
I've been enjoying the vlogs and videos with Ken. They are really relaxing and refreshing to watch.
Japan is awesome :).
Good for u pewds and shoutout to anders cooper
Them headphones are massive
YAY HE NO QUIT!
Winner
This guy has always had my respect and it keeps increasing as time goes on
whatever u do man i'll always love you
"Didn't do youtube to become famous"  - Played the algorithm for decades, moving countries between italy, sweden en brittain to manipulate the reach in his favor
looking forward to unpopular games that you want to play in this channel
What headphones are these?
Stefano would be Proud poods ..👊
Yo it's Felix. An unforgettable man who went on new adventures and took risks... 🤘 and don't quite.   You are still relevant God damn it.
I think with someone as successful as Pewds, it is important to to just keep posting videos as long as he has any sort of passion for it. Dial it back to just a few a month if needed, but this is almost like a huge part of who he is I would assume. Just trying to put myself in his shoes, i feel like if he were to quit completely it would feel like a huge void. So maybe more collab stuff to keep things fresh for him without needing to think so much about content.
2030: PewDiePie Farm Arc.
I was full on supporting you until you just said that about meme review, bring it back!!!
I think most of us love that you're out there living your life and having a good time, and appreciate that you're documenting some of it. Because a lot of us will never see the things you are, and it's cool to get to see them through your videos. You'd have a lot of support either way, but there's something cool about seeing what you're up to sometimes.  It's pretty clear that getting to Japan took a lot of weight off your shoulders, and that's great, too. It would be pretty selfish of people to have gotten enjoyment from what you've made for years and want to deny you enjoying your own life to sit and make videos you don't want to.
With over 100 mil subs there's always gonna be people who will enjoy what you upload no matter what it is :)
加油
It’s your personality that really shines through for me. You seem so genuine and just do you. Your videos really do brighten up my day as cheesy as that sounds. The vlogs lately do inspire me to get out there and just do stuff and enjoy life.  👊🏽
I love you man, you do whatever makes you happy because that's all we could ever ask for, I've been here since you played slenders woods and couldn't be happier with the journey you've made and couldn't be happier for you, you're an amazing guy
where is beast master 64...............................
I've been with you for eight years and I really enjoyed every bit of it
So happy to hear it........... love all and every kind of content you make <3
*clap clap* meme review
waffle headphones
pewdiepie is the greatest youtuber of all time
love you man you can do what ever you want
Been a bro since 2012 and I'm so proud of you, always.
youtube isn't youtube without pewdiepie
It's nice to see you mature
dude i remember when i was 13 i got into youtube because of felix and back then i remember writing somewhere that i want to become a youtuber and be like felix and i got my friends to start watching him. fun times
The algorithm sees Pewdiepie and the word quit and goes crazy.
thank you for everything, nice headphones btw
Do what you really want and makes you happy ❤
Here's a hug 🫂 pewds
MONEY
At this point, I suspect most of your long time fans (like me) also have less time for youtube than we used to. There's no way I could watch another 100 episode lets-play these days, but I'm totally down to watch a weekly video of stuff you did/found that week.
Awesome
We really appreciate that you shared this with us, just take it at your own pace, and I love your videos whatever it may be, let it be a vlog video or gaming video whatever we are gonna enjoy it just take it easy and enjoy your life 😊
We need the happy wheels meta again
your videos do a lot to brighten my day, thanks.
I'd like to interview you lol
Why I didnt quit: Money
More book review
Glad you still choose to be around! Can't wait for ur next gaming videos😁 in the meantime, enjoy living your best life!
I've been watching since the days of Amnesia, Stefano, and Fridays with Pewdiepie, and I've really enjoyed the more relaxed videos you've been doing post "retirement," particularly in Japan. The chill vibes come through in the videos, and it's nice to see you just living your best life after so long.
Pewds, just do what you gotta do man. Immensely proud of you (":
Love ya pewds. Many many years and memories. Mmmmbyeee
Even tho the new style content gets less views I still enjoy the Japan videos keep it up
Happy vibes Pewdiepie!
Real title should have been why should have I quit
The content is the best when you’re having fun. I approve of this message. Lol, like that matters but I do anyway 😂😂😂
DO YOU, GRRRRRL
you do you pewds, we'll still support and love you no matter what.
Goofy ahh headphones
My favourite content from you is the japan vlogs🙌🏻
Im glad you did not quit
Pewds!!! I´ve been following you since I was a teenager (almost 10 yrs ago), sharing your journey till here has been a blast, I am so glad you are still here, I´m a big fan, and anything you do and share it with us it´s always an incredible experience, you´re an amazing person, looking forward to the future that awaits!
Whether pewds stops right now, or he keeps doing youtube for fun, thank you! I will keep watching your content as it's great to see you enjoying your life.
dude if i was you i would have stoppend and spend my money on stupid stuff, so you do you
can u give an audeze lcd2 review?
Your channel is changing yes but it’s because your getting older. I’ve been watching you since 2008. I grew up with you. I’m 26 now. Those who have grown with you have changed with the content because we got married, bought houses and had kids while getting a sliver of your life. Enjoy just having fun and bringing us along for the journey.
I kinda wanna see a throwback video of you playing Anastasia again just for one video but you do you pewds you done enough enjoy yourself
It's refreshing to see Felix reflect on what happened all these years on Youtube.  Thanks Pewds for everything you did just to make us entertained, smile, and laugh.  A bro since 2013
Don't quit contiune us make make videos you are best youtuber ever
I honestly know that one day there will be no more uploads, but I still go back and watch your old playthroughs, and that will never change, you will forever be on here for people to discover and enjoy even when you retire. So for me personally I don't dread the day where you post the final video, I just look back on the 10+ years of entertainment and memories <3
I love how humble pewds is
W pewds
Haters gonna hate, just do you and be happy, good to see you back!
Pewds could start a Minecraft Smp and have other people join just fir the fun. He started his channel with Minecraft too XD
Do a podcast
This guy has 111 million subscribers lol it’s amazing all I’m saying.
the vlogs are good
Daddy Pewdiepie
I will litteratory cry if you leave YouTube. Because you are like my older brother. And I will miss you a lot 😥😥😥
hey felix how are ye doing? i grew up watching you, learned alot from you! was 14 or 15 back then now im 24 :) you're giving me inspiration to workout and push daily despite how harsh the world is i can always open youtube and watchsomeone who brings me comfort thanks felix means alot ^^ and you do what you're doing dont listen to anyone else and i know you're doing it already love you alot and wish you both the best <3 please keep on sharing!
Pewds quit and have kids
pewds has gotten so big and been here so long he has felt so accomplished that he has everything the money the fame the house the fans but all that Tells us is that shit dont mean everything he wanna experience more to life then the money and shit and fans
The internet is a community of real people. We’ll be here to support you Felix.
Enjoy touching Japanese grass, I still appreciate seeing what you’re up to. Thanks for the entertainment
Best youtuber ever. We will always support you
Love you Felix!
You are the king, even if you quit tomorrow you will still be an idol for me
The vlogs in Japan are so fun ! I always looking forward this everyday !
The old vids were so fun to watch when I was younger but I feel as if as I have grown alongside Felix. Now as a 21yo, I can enjoy his content just as I did 10 years ago. I am loving this era of his channel
Okay cool great update, love ya Felix, but those HEADPHONES r NICE
Fan va fin du är, Felix! Så gött att du har hittat tillbaka till det du blir glad av!
Please bring back the subreddit videos... so we can also share with you
I like the Chilled Pewdiepie
You should come back to America and be a gun tuber for a week, collaborate with Demolition Matt and others.
So honest!
Nah you dont have to you love it to much the good outwayed the bad in the end and I always will be a loyal bro
Do what you love! And love what you do.  And we will always keep an eye out for you.  👊🏻
4hr
I played PUBG for the first time in many years. Then I drove past that bridge. Good times
At least I don't expect YouTubers to quit  never did man  always thought you choose what you wanted to do i never try to change you man
I really appreciate you.
enjoy ur life pewds u deserve this shit
Never leave us Pewds. You are like a family to us
Älskar dig pewds 👑❤️
I can remember being a little kid, laughing so loudly while watching his videos. Pewds has achieved so much, and I believe he’ll always be one of my favorite YouTubers. Watching his videos really makes the day a bit better
What with that headsets lmao hahahahah, they look funny 😭🤣... Coincidentally, I planning to buy that famous Sony Headset.. hope they worth it
You have built a connection with us, do what ever you want king we will support you in every moment ♥ (just keep us updated even if no video in future)
I love you bro
Please do more japan vlogs!!!!
Could you please play horror games again it would be awesome to watch you play new horror games like you did when you first started YouTube.
Ah yes the shallow, but the one shallow I wouldn’t mind you doing is the commentary videos with Ken. They are gold. Especially if they involve 90 day.
dude be it 1 year, 2, or a decade, you will still be a part of us, because we grew along you, many young kids actually started youtube after being inspired by you, so you will always have our support!! Very few youtubers actually have this 'connect' with their fanbase for such a lock time, like if i ever meet you in public the first thing i would think of is a brofist!
KING FELIX👑👊
You obviously grew up and so do we, it's time to explore some other content too. We will be here growing with you.
I think at some point he have this "responsible" sense of feeling after all of these years on youtube And we'll be glad to be part of your life
i support u bro no matter what and u might not believe me but i started watching u since like 2015 and still watching u to this day
i personally find the way the channel and felix has changed and developed very appealing cuz i was changing alongside it too. crazy how this channel is something some of us have spent most of our adolescent lives following.
I hope everyone can have a retirement like this. Bro fist.
here we go guys , the future arc
Just love seeing your face from time to time. I just like how down to earth you are.
Nice eva 01 figurine in the background :)
"Moves to Japan" gets Japan's fighting spirit.
Hell yes 👊
I couldn't press the like button until you said "i am not quitting"
Don’t you fucking dare to quit.
Workout or travel vids could be a great option!!
Just love those tambourine headphones, and also i must say, your new videos from Japan made me watch you again, they are really great 👊
i love how we the bros never say i , we always say “we , us “ and this kind of unspoken unity is so positive i love it , im glad i grew up with u pewds ❤️
Enough to make a grown man cry 😭
Felix we appreciate you!! You are such a lovely person Do what makes you happy <3
I thought he was going to say the N word after saying: some things never change
speaking of drama.... what on earth are those headphones about?
If you stopped uploading videos I would be very sad. Enjoy the small vloggs you do now...well I have always loved your vloggs. Not having you around at all would leave a big empty hole in a way :( Youtube without pewds it's a sad youtube! But I'll respect your decission  the day you decide to quit for good. Bro fist
❤️❤️
What makes me feel that Pewds is the GOAT on youtube is that he doesn't need to give a shit if he isn't the biggest youtuber anymore. He accomplished everything he wanted on youtube and even if MrBeast will surpass him with Subscribers, I can't consider him a the greatest.
There might be fewer videos uploaded by damn, the videos that do get uploaded are amazing!
Pewdiepie and lot of other YT'ers stopping daily uploads means that YouTube has reached its peak. Soon a new platform will arise.
I love your video.
Man you’ve been a huge inspiration to me since 2012. Seeing you blow up and grow from nothing to the biggest on the site blew my mind. And I feel stuck where I’m at in life, I have for about 5 years now and still just can’t crawl to that “freedom.” I just try to be as nice and modest as you man. You’ve always been a great guy Pewds. You’ve definitely given me the hope to hold out just that one more day man. Thanks for everything Pewds, god bless and live your happy ending bro 👊
The bro army is not 9 year olds any more. We are already 21 year olds. 😂 cheers to the future. Do what you do. I dont want pewds to do negative stuff just to "maintain" this youtube thing. You are still a human being. Be alive. 🤍
Just keep doing what you're doing.I feel happy watching you enjoy yourself doing various activities.
I’ve been watching you since 1m subscribers. Which now seems like a huge difference but that was when you were popping off in the gaming. Still wish you the best and a happy life. I hope you continue YouTube the way you want my bro!
Money
Pewds do what you want and so many of us will always be here . We have grown up with you and are so proud of you and we will forever love you and the content you’ll provide!
The content I would like to continue to see are simple things like some YLYL, basically reacting to funny videos. Doing stuff with Ken to react to funny, crazy or cringe videos or having interesting discussions about stuff like Jubilee videos or whatever. Doing book reviews on philosophy stuff if you still get around to read. Just some "light" and fun stuff, no need for drama, edgy stuff or even games really.
Dude your not getting many vieas idk why even I am after 2 years j guess
Never quit...:)
I almost thought that you reversed technique us like how you said you're going to quit youtube but you dont. and when the video title said why you didnt quit and i thought at the end you will say you're quitting for good. thank god that didnt happen
been a bro since way back in the happy wheels n amnesia days, heh,, been fascinating to have sort of grown up with Felix n watching him grow.  much love
Some things never change 💙
Just, don't delete your channel!! PLEASE!!!!
What headphones are those??
*BROFIST SINCE 2011*
the brofist at the end made me tear up a bit, had to do it...some things never change 🥰🥰
I love that almost all OG youtubers are taking time off and just doing youtube for fun!!! but at the same time sad that this is it YouTube will just be an empty void filled with over scripted pranks and memes🥹 but im so happy hes happy and i cant be any happier for every OG youtuber for taking all these big steps taking a break and just posting what they love thats what youtube is all about!!
I think it's awesome that you're still uploading! You're so inspiring with how you have matured and succeeded gracefully. Keep doing what you want 🙂
ive been here since 7000 subs and will always be here no matter the change no matter the content i will always be a bro ejnoy yourself do what you please love ya pewds
I don't think retirement is the best way to go long term speaking, I'm glad pewds can see that, I'm not talking about money, fame or numbers here but happiness wise, imo happiness comes from productivity, retirement imo sounds more of a sentence than something liberating when you enjoy and are passionate about what you're doing, I never liked the way the whole community was almost forcing him into to it
Peepeepoopoo ❤️
Hey man as long as you are making content, I am here to watch it. Take your sweet time and make what YOU love. You make great content brother so ain't no way any of us are getting bored of it <3
This is inspiring.  I don’t feel stuck but the struggle is real
Does he have a second channel??
Pewds lowkey telling me to get off my ass watching yt and do something productive
Bruh has been doing side quests
While Felix is semi retired now I still like that he somewhat uploads. Not forgetting about his audience while still enjoying life in Japan.
I think the fact that you have constantly changed up your content is what's kept the channel alive (or one of the factors anyway). I'm happy for you :)
Pewds finally had the epiphany that every major corporation fails to realize: infinite growth isn’t possible  Congrats Felix
PewDiePie ❤️❤️❤️
these headphones are giving...TWO HOUSES
There is no personal growth without change. And that has been the fun all along. As much as I enjoyed the other moments I wouldn't want to live in them forever.
Bro those headphones are soooooooooo huge on your head. Although they look comfy… lol 😂
Preparing for Mr. Beast to pass you. You are the goat
Luv you Pewds❤
Keep doing what you like, real fans will suport all your choices!
I personally love the content nowadays, watching you for years now and being the same age makes it feel like seeing one of my friend make it and find happiness. In turn I feel happy knowing and seeing it recently. Keep doing you and loving it, that's all we want to see.
I actually read the light novels in advance and the seven seas arc its gonna blew your minds.
Still loving Japan and surfing. I enjoyed all people change and that is great. Change for good. I love the begining of the channel and now its the best time men!!
Dude, you don't HAVE to do anything. Do what makes you happy bro. 😁
Dude you did it all just post for fun now no schedule just cause you can
Record yourself exploring Japan, we’ll enjoy it and do what you want
Love you man. I’m 23 and been watching you for a decade now. So glad you are my favorite YouTuber. I’ll miss the days when you wouldn’t upload everyday and even the days when you would upload twice a day. You really gave my something to look forward to when I was younger and lost and alone and I can never thank you enough for that. But now when you upload its really nice to see what you have been up to over the past week or month. Will always be thankful for whatever you upload and whenever you upload. Thank you for being you Felix. Really, thank you.
In his head: "I just watch reddit, tiktok and youtube. if I am just going to watch them then why not make a video of my reaction instead of not uploading"
Ur a real person? With feeling and dreams and thoughts WHAT!!
Keep doing what you want, I’ll keep watching
thank you for everything, pewds! ❤️
So kind of like if Michael Jordan was still playing basketball... except instead of vs NBA stars he was playing basketball with his kids / friends
I used to hate your channel grew to love it and enjoy watching you also grow. Keep on doing what you love and I hope others stick around with me.
damn Felix, them neck got thiccer
YouTube wouldn’t be the same without Pewds.  I hope he doesn’t leave and if he does i get it. But hopefully not any time soon 😊😢
Take it slowly pewds 😆, we can waitt 😂
趣味でyoutuberをやっている者だ.  -Pewds
whatever you do pewwds well always love you
Watching this at my college campus makes me emotional because I literally grew up with you and I’m just so glad you enjoy what you do, especially being in Japan🥹
I'm so glad you did not quit. if holding your channel up ever became to much weight to bare or took to much time out of your life, we would understand. I've watched your videos for well over a decade now and still cant seem to shake the pewds videos, they bring me so much joy and nostalgia. i hope you will continue to keep making videos as long as it makes you happy. while your fans do enjoy watching the shenanigan's you get into, at the end of the day, its still your life and your happiness. be well Felix and we support you 100% with any direction you choose to take your life or channel in 😄thanks for being here!
I love your channle andI have  growin with you ya don't know me but I can say from us all we are happy you are still with us showing us your life.I have enjoyed the way your gameing channel went and now your channel is growing with you. and now are showing us a part of life some of us never can have ! I like this I feel a lot are with me on this Pews if you end up seeing this I love you and what you do for us all !  You are a main reason of why I have You tube Premium!
For a long time watching you made me just sad. You had job that many thinks is the coolest job in the world but it was clear that to you it was not that. It was clear that you were suffering. I could have as well watch someone going to their office 07.00-16.00 job 7 days a week for 40 years straight. It would have been just as fun to watch.   But then you started to make videos for fun once again there was a huge change. When you are making videos that you want to make when you want to make them and not what youtube wanted you to make when they wanted you to make them, it doesn´t matter what you do, they are always good. It´s fun to watch you again.
Damn I loved this
actually I can’t imagine YouTube without Felix, he literally became somebody that is like a member of my family. I started my YouTube experience with Felix and I grew with all of the videos.
I love you Felix
Love Your Vlogs🤩🤩
It’s amazing how many Bridges pewds has crossed to get to this point 🥲 im so happy to have been along for his journey since the beginning 💚 love you pewds
Honestly been waiting for this kind of content again haha. Will be watching 💫
6:21 cheers for the future!!! I support this. 🤍   Please dont mind the negative things . Just do what you do. Chill bruh
You have changed so many lives and I am forever grateful for you. No matter what you do in the future I will always support you in everything you do
In 50 years, when channels have billions of subscribers we'll always come back to Grandpa Pewdiepie.
I enjoyed the videos of just you sharing something you like or doing it for fun much more than I ever thought I would. Ranking philosopher deaths, books, multiverse theory and all that are videos I can tell you're really passionate about making them.
👊
The fact that you do it just for fun is the reason we love you!
Don't quit, we'll miss you, we're a nice bros here. ♥
‌
Been here since the Amnesia days and honestly it's just cool to see you doing well, being on youtube so long you get used to see series and channels comming and going (I still hope you do another book/manga review someday tho), but really, just keep doing you and I'll be along for the ride.
"Dbrand Limited Edition - Swede Quits"
Keep having fun Felix!
I’m just here to enjoy whatever you decide to share!
It feels weird to say all this because I don’t know you personally, but I’m so happy for you and believe you 100% deserve to enjoy your time in Japan and anywhere else. You’ve provided myself and millions if not billions of others with entertainment since I can remember.  Back when you were first meeting Marzia, the awkward interview from when you were really starting to first blow up, and all the way til now. I’m so happy for you bro. Take care out there and enjoy life! You have absolutely earned it
the day you quit would be the saddest day of my life :'((
*Welix*
we love you pewds, we really do
Grow the channel to help others. You can not help anyone if you don't have money.
Please don’t quit 🙏
A new arc is commin!!!!!  Heck yeah~~~!!!
7:02 / 7:02
I met my wife at the glue factory where we both worked.  We bonded immediately.
My man, I've followed you since you since the early days and I'm glad and proud of your growth. As someone who turned 33 this year, I look back at your previous work fondly, but this is what we built up to and I'm happy to see it.
The videos I love the most from you is when you're doing what you actually enjoy. When I can tell that you don't enjoy them, who is that fun for? As nostalgic as happy wheels and amnesia are for a lot of us, you are the personality that drives this channel. Do what you love, and that will do more for you, and more for us as viewers. and btw, i still get chills when you do brofist at the end lol
You are such a creative, interesting, fun, and intelligent person. Been great following your evolution on YouTube. I lived in Japan for 3 years and have really enjoyed watching your adventures discovering Japan. Life is short, live it however you want. You are inventing yourself. Keep it up!
No matter what you do, no matter what you decide, your bros will always be with you for the ride. We love you Pewds. Enjoy Japan!
I was 12 when I started watching him, it was the "king of the web" contest... in 2012, time really goes by so fast.
Any decision you make, we will support Pewds!
Love you Felix !!!!
Felix is like the dragonborn of youtube.he did all the side quests and main missions instead of dabbling in Obnoxious boxing youtube events, crypto or regular scams
I have literally enjoyed every period of your channel, the changes kept it fresh and personal
Do your thing king 👑
Always good to see happy Pewds
respec
Don't quit!!!!! :((((
i still unironically 10 years later get exited when i see a new pewds upload
Biggest headphones ever!
It's nice to see how youtubers like you become an anchor point in youtube. While youtube is still trying to keep up a paste with more and more content, editing and uploading - content like yours right now is giving us some time to calm down and appreciate core-content itself.  Youtube became merciless. Either you keep up or you fall out the algorhytm. That is, especially for new creators - a big gunshot to the neck
Bruh if u quit i will definitely gonna die
Didn’t watch video. But just quit dude
Couch Gang
Felix more like in his feelsix
When I release a built up emotion with a deep breath after a video that I watched - it means so much. This is perfect example that video was grounded and emotional. Felix just do what ever you want. You deserve it
I don't really care about changes because your videos are good no matter what type of contents they are.
Thank you for not completely stop uploading videos. It’s just reassuring to have you still with us through these videos, because your videos literally part of me growing up and how I live my life each days. I’m glad you found your own pace and enjoy with what you did with your channel. Hope you have a pleasant day felix ❤️
DONT QUIT
Pewdiecast lets goooo
That's cool and all but when are you going on Trash Taste podcast?
boiss how about snowboarding japan has the best powder in entire world.
Is this one scary part of youtube What happens when you want to quit or need to? How will you do it What will you do to compensate And where do you go? Sunsetting the channel for the core aspect of the platform is a good idea.
Just when his Camera quality got better he retired
I remember when you surpassed 5.5 million subs as that was the population of my country at that time. You have always been there. And I am thankful for that.
Thank you for choosing to do what makes you happy rather than choosing to look for your next big hit! I enjoy all your videos of you enjoying life, it makes me happy seeing you so happy. :D
Ok! Let's think about this 7 min statement. PDP chanel need more poeple and a team. Why the F don't you have a contest for new PDP members?!  P.S. Felix it is time for you to give more of your time to your wife and dogs [Family].
I hope you keep going pewds. It's still fun watching your vids like always.
Always get the feels anytime I see a bro fist from pewdiepie 😁
Been loving the content since you've moved to Japan please keep it up 🙏😌
This man right here is a legend, a gigachad. I can see him having a community that stands for a lifetime, and being taught about or appearing in history textbooks.
I love you man, despite the content
The truth is, pewds can never quit youtube......
I'll be a fan no matter what pewds.
i feel like pewds has evolved into old man pewds with his wisdom now
What about ghost adventures videos ? Walk around and search for hunted buildings 🫣
We respect your decision anyway
We will always on your side Pewds
How many times do we need to remind this man that we SIMPLY JUST WANT TO SEE HIM HAPPY.
DO NOT QUIT
I just want to say thank you pewds for still uploading. The japan vlogs are  on another level. No matter what you upload you always have this new way of presenting it. Bros till the end
Please don’t quit, been watching you for 9 years, we all love you
u should join Trash Taste Pewds
I agree with Felix on this one. It's really boring to make something you know will get views just to get views. I want to make videos I can look back on and be proud of. Not just clicks and engagement.
pewds plz ignore the comments that ask you to quit , plz never quit i will watch your videos as long as u upload
Keep going pewds. Stay strong we got your back.
low key id watch you watch paint dry like ive been watching your videos since  was 17, and im 22 now and i still find your content interesting and entertaining, no matter what you upload. so keep on doing what you're doing, upload whatever the heck you want; the true 19 year olds will still be here.
⚙️🪢You make good videos and if you still enjoy it - why overthink. it?
Pewds frontal lobe: developed. I've watched you as a kid and seeing you grow feels nostalgic in a way. Do what makes you happy, pewds :D <3
I love you man, support you in whatever you do, i enjoyed your videos and i made friends for life through them so thank you fir everything and i hope you life is so good
Thank you so much Felix. Honestly, at this point I think a lot of us have matured with you over the years and the way things are now are just perfect. You achieved so much and seeing you enjoy your life by being active and exploring the world is amazing. You deserve all of it and by sharing it with us you give us a lot of inspiration to achieve the same level of stability as you seem to have. If you ever feel like quitting just do it but I don't think its the right time yet. You are still very young and even if you would just upload a few videos a year it would be great. You have been a part of almost half of my life and it would be incredibly sad to see you completely abandon this platform. I always love to see videos like this where you just tell us and inform us about how it is. Thanks again :)
Maybe you should stream once in month or so
<3
Felix, your outlook on life really inspires me. Thank you.
Good luck on your next future Pewds.
thanks dad
Man, those are some ugly-ass headphones.
love the eva unit 01 on the shelf i have one unboxed its about 20 years old now also got unit 03 and 04 and one of the white eva units and angel Sachiel
A King's experience 👀  YouTube addiction mm...even as a small channel when I hitted 100 subs...I also wanted pressured somehow
Just have fun Pewds, and watch out for the Giant Orange Hornets
Still love all your content to this day even though there are many genre changes in your content but i still enjoy it everytime Take care of your health and do what you think is very positive for your lifestyle Love you Pewds
earned back my sub on yt when you said reaction videos are a distraction and shallow. Ive been waiting for people to finally see it. thx
I think even tho you call some of your own vidios "distractions" , those same distractions still makes you happy, atleast it looks like it and that makes us happy so don't dismiss those vidios (dont stop making them) if you enjoy making them
don't you dare to quit Pewds.... i dare u
Loving those headphones.
You’re 50 years ahead of yourself, don’t quit yet.
We love you Felix you seem like a decent guy , however sometimes you say dumb stuff ( you went the road of a xhite guy reacting to cringey progressive politics ...) We wants for you to be happy , so quiting or not we'll always remember you as one of the greatest and beloved youtubers ever
I feel like spilling my guts with stories about how your influence has changed me into a happier, more positive person.  I appreciate you and your content so much, thanks for making this world better
Remember watching amnesia when u had just over 100,000 subs was hooked n then all of a sudden u hit a mill
How ab doing car review? If u know u know :))    Jk been enjoying anyway, peace pewds
existence matters
Love to see lil pewd in future :)
Pewds is always great, inspiration to kids and adults everywhere! Hope you get more success in life!
please start playing again 💕
pewds never quit please. i've been watching you for years now and I've associated a good chunk of what I like in life to you. Even though I'm one in tens of millions, I consider you a friend just as I'm sure everyone else does. We like seeing the updates. We like knowing what's going on in your life. And we like watching you do things you enjoy doing
Thanks for all the good times Felix, may you still have more wonderful times whether you want to make them public or not. *Brofist*
I wonder what would happen If you attempt to Japan's elections
You know that the concept of 'just having fun' was what separated Monkey D. Luffy the mortal pirate captain from the reincarnation of Joy-Boy, the Immortal God of Freedom.
Love you, thanks for chilling and staying with us! You're the reason why I started YT!
It pays the bills
Wow. 12 years went by fast.
you're a solid dude.
Minecraft season three when?
👊
tnx
I love meme reviews and very enjoy to watch Pewds playing Minecraft and other games, kinda sad when he decreased the number of uploading  these videos. But I feel happy from the bottom of my heart when he said he don't have that much time to play games, because he spent his time to enjoy his live in Japan. So, Pewds, just do whatever you wanted and enjoyed. We will be by you side as always👊🏻!
can someone share the name of headphones?
his headphone is bigger then my will to live
Pewdiepie should use his old intro just for nostalgia
i love you so much man
Please make surf video’s
Pewditire
We love you Felix, you’ve been there for all of us growing up. And the true bros will be here till the end 👊🏾It is hard to imagine a world where a place like this and people like you don’t exist. Thank you!
honestly the new content is pretty banging, watching your stuff since I was in elementary and getting to see how your content has changed as you matured has been a wild ride that I would 100% do all over again. but seeing the direction your contents gone in recent years I can say i'm pretty satisfied.
Pewds, you've been a significant part of my childhood and still are in my late teens, no matter what you decide to do, I will always be grateful for you
we love you pupipai
Which headphones does poods have?
I’ve been a viewer since the amnesia gameplay and the fact that you slowed down with uploads and following trends doesn’t bother me that much. I’m watching you for my whole life basically, learned English with you, got into games and stuff. I’m just happy to see you’re happy and still progressing in your life. Wish the best of luck for you and your family, keep doing what you feel is right even if it means to stop uploading. Love you Felix- your great fan
i love you bro
Bro pewds has matured into such a badass. Legit respect
You, Mark, and Sean will always be my favorite.
YouTube aint Youtube without pewds
I’ve been questioning the size of those headphones for the whole video.   Anyway.  Have always enjoyed your videos, excited for whatever you decide to do pewds!
It's actually mega refreshing to have a Youtuber go through growth as we are getting older (and hopefully wiser) alongside them! I'm also a big Marzia fan (not to forget the lil nuggets as well), and seeing your family in your Japan vlogs is fun and genuine! Keep doing what you love to do, that's how you got here in the first place! ;)
City boy!! U should do a city boy meme review. Loved you videos from the beginning.
Thanks for maling this video
We will support your choices, even if you decide to quit one day
To be fully honest, I'd be very very sad if Pewds were to retire.... Altho i don't find the recent vlog to be very interesting, but still every single notif about Pewds upload always excites me. Tho me personally would wish if pewds would do meme review cuz those times really bring Pewds closer to his fans... But its just my own opinion tho, Pewds can do whatever makes him happy, imma just rewatch the entire meme review 001
Watched you since I was in high school with horror games and now finishing my second highest education with incredible chill content. You’ve been amazing support and person in my life, Pewds, very happy how you are doing with your life now 🌸✨🌱 Stay awesome 👊🏼
Like pewds come on it’s not this time u quit it’s the perfect time to be more creative! We love u and we don’t imagine a day without ur videos
We love you Pewds!!
glad to see you doing well and having fun
Watching this made me cry, because pewd was start of a new era back then. I watch pewd since I was 10 years old and now im 22 y/o and so happy youre still making video because if not it would be so sad since youre part of my routine life. Who ever hate you pewd they just new batch watching you on wrong perspective and time. Im so happy that all the hardwork you been doing youre deserve it and i still wish you a long life. BRO FIST!!
you know what, that is a great idea of you to make videos on youtube and having fun at the same time, not to worry on your contents all the time. thats just being wise pewds, thats why i love you bro keep doing what you do!!!
I wanted Felix to keep posting videos, tho I don't watch all of them, I at least feel that he is still together with us, if ever he left YouTube, I think it will be my hobby to sit a bit every day and think of memories of mine watching Pewds.
Pewds You’re one of the few OGs that have stayed. Just know we’re thankful that you haven’t forgotten about us and like to pop in and continue doing what we all enjoy your content for. Thank you for staying for your fans.
Replay the grudge now you're in Japan?
All I know is if you keep uploading videos, I'll keep watching them.
The way I see it: every retired person needs something to work on — something to keep the idle mind from becoming stagnant. That’s why some people still get part time jobs after retiring.   Keep treating your uploads as a hobby or a passion project instead of a job. There’s an American term for where you’re at now — “f*ck you money”, which is the point in someone’s career where they realize they can afford to comfortably retire at any point, but continue to work on their own terms. Though it’s crude, that’s a fair assessment of where you’re at; you’ve earned your success, and you are now continuing to work on your own terms until you’ve had-enough and retire in earnest.
Been watching Pews for a long time, and he's really so comforting for some reason  anyway, gonna be watching no matter what :)
This video is so" homely " I love it, thanks for helping us understand you better. I've been watching you for 8 years and you've been like a dad to me 😭I've learnt so many things, values, humour, philosophy, and so much more! Thank you so much, you have and will always be a big part of my life and my character development 😌
It's honestly great that you're happy doing the content you like to make whenever you want to and not have to stress about uploading every single day anymore. Glad you're enjoying Japan, and keep having fun there!
Helt otroligt! Kollade på din kanal sedan Sent 2011 innan jag äns hade ett Google konto då hah. Skriver på Svenska för att det här kommentaren kommer gå förbi helt osedd xD
your recent uploads is cozy asf tho luv it. just enjoy man you've had enough and that's okay
You couldn't quit because you have a contract with all of us subscribers 😂👌
ENJOY YOUR YEAR!! ....and share some with us as you are doing now *brofist*
Keep it up PewDiePie
I remember watching you when i didnt have many friends and a PC i used to be on my phone the whole day binge watching your videos you had around 4-6mil subs, i wanted to watch ur videos in backwards order so i can say i have watched all of your videos :'D but as i grew up it was harder for me to find time cuz of studies but i can surely say I was happy with the content you've always provided. Thanks for still uploading and it lightens all of our day just as much as it brightens yours! As always Brofist 👊
If you do youtube for fun now, why still censoring f word ? Is it because you might get banned ?
Yeeep miss gaming week -_-'
Not to be that guy, but I subbed to pewds when he was at around 4 million subs when he was in his gaming phase. I loved that era of YouTube and I still do, but, like with any artist, they have to change over time. It’s inevitable. And even through all the change this channel and pewds himself has gone through, his community has remained loyal and appreciative, and that makes me happy. If anyone deserves to relax and enjoy themselves at their own pace on this platform, it’s Felix. God, the brofist at the end was so nostalgic lol.   PS, my fav moments from pewds were from his gaming era, so my absolute favorites are his Walking Dead playthroughs, his Bully playthrough, and the Crooked Man playthrough. I encourage anyone who reads this to comment your favorite moments from pewd’s tenure on YT!
Minecraft Multiplayer Fun. That describes you then, and it could totally describe you now. Fun. Enjoy making your videos. Go abroad. Be the pewdiepie that you want to be.
If you're happy and you know it...       Clap your hands 👏👏
You're an inspiration.
Mate, I have been watching your videos since you played Amnesia and you have become part of my life one way or another. Whatever you decide I am glad you ate still here. I love your content and I think you are awesome so ....again...I'm here if you are bro 👊🏻
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Which Headphones is he using here?
you’ve been a huge part of my life, and it’s been amazing to watch you grow through out the years. I’m glad you’re doing it how you love to do it most again.  I’m excited to see what comes, and I’m proud of ya. :)
i love the japan vlogs
You look healthy man, so glad everything turned out the way it did for you!
its okay to change, never let that hold you back, we will always love you 👊
Just keep doing what you want, and I will always follow <3
You do you. I just hope that whenever I back I still see you posting around, enjoying life the way you prefer.
Thank you so much for updating us! It really inspires us, even if it's once a month. It seriously helps. Pls ignore those negative comments, they're most likely going through something by attacking others. Heave them no mind. And again thank you for sharing. Especially for the Japan vlogs 😍 hope to see more soon! No hurry ofc <3
Come on man, you could at least get to 250 mil. A quarter billion? Light work.
Bro grinded for 12 years straight he definitely deserves everything that he wants to do now
Thankyou Felix!!
I mean you just give your throne to MrBeast so why you have to thinking to leaving just post and chill whenever or whatever you want. Like at this point people already understand what's your channel really is
Tycker du ska lägga ner. Du har varit med om så mycket skit med häxjakter och allt.   Dags att börja fundera på vad som kommer härnäst
Awesome Just keep it us and we will always support you
Just do Pew News ONE more time 🥺💔
I'm e tremendously grateful for all the years you've been on YouTube making us laugh. Many of us have wat he'd your journey. You've been through so much and the fact you're still humble and and still pushing is what I truly love most about your channel compared to so many other channels on here. You keep it real, and do what's best for you now. Always proud of ya Pewds ❤️
:)
I have been watching pewds since like 2012 so literally anything he makes I’ll watch, as long as it means he finds that eudaimonia then I have got no issues 🤌
Tbh recently I’ve been finding it so much more exciting when you upload now it’s not constant and it’s always random about your life or just you hanging out with friends and at the same time I feel happy for you because you don’t need to stress about getting up and looking for what’s the new trend instead you decide what you wanna do and if you even wanna make videos keep it up man
I love the contents you are doing now. My dream is to live in Japan. But because of financial reasons... I can't at the moment. Just watching you live your life there makes me feel like I'm also with you on your journey. I watch it while working and it gives me peace just sitting and watching you go your way and living your life. You are just like a big brother sending videos back home.  Much love and respect from the Philippines 💯
Felix, just follow your heart whatever gives you the joy
If you did leave.... Just remember we will miss you so much than ever....... Maybe we can see felix baby  Brofist for you...👊 Thanks for teach me about English
Always here for some pewds
I really appreciate the pace of the videos you have been posting in the last several months. I’ve become a fan in more recent years, after most of the drama had come and gone. I had not really followed internet people as much back then, and I’m not a gamer. I even got my husband to start watching your videos with me. We really enjoy watching the Japan videos together as a comfy wind-down for the end of the day. It’s nice to see such a wholesome couple doing fun things in a country on our bucket list. It’s more special since we know where your video content started. It’s neat to watch people evolve, even people we don’t know. This journey has been incredibly inspiring to follow. Glad you’re still here, Kjellbergs! ❤️
Why do you still do so many ads for meh products and use so many clickbait thumbnails if it's just for fun?
It's time to change this channel name to your original name. You and your fans are matured now. We all have grown up.
King
PewDiePie and mr beast sub battle?
When you first announced that you were retiring I was kinda relieved for you in a way. I knew there was always some sort of weight on your shoulders and at times it got old. I was always happy to see new videos no matter what they were,  but to me as a viewer and a fan I'm really happy to see the way you're doing vids now. I absolutely love the japan vlogs and everything else. I think your videos now that you've moved to japan are very chill and wholesome which I think also  reflects how much better things are for you as well. Stay safe, felix✌️. Sorry for the long winded comment 😅.  Just wanna say that no matter what you decide to do I'll always be a fan and supportive ❤️
I really love you man thank you for everything
Watching Felix on my phone placed at the top of my cabinet, whilst standing up due to pooooor signal. This is how I love this man, and how you really influence me to become a better version of myself. Every word you say is truly life-changing, Felix. Thank you, thank you so much, Bro.
HE LITERALLY DID THE WOLF OF WALLSTREET "IM NOT FUCKING LEAVING"
I love watching your videos and how they've adapted. I started watching you in 2012 and seeing how you've evolved as a person and as a creator to keep the same audiance for longer periods of time. You're truly the best of youtube.
We grew up together pewd, youve been part of my childhood. And hope u still uploading and share everything you wanted
Pewds is always just a person I can come back to and feel like I’m home. I honestly grew as a person along with him and that means a lot to me. Thanks for still being yourself as of this day pewds. Brofist 👊🏼 :)
Give your time as much as possible to yourself and family. You will die happily.
I must say, I like seeing you just do stuff when the mood strikes, and not doing anything if you aren't feeling it.  This is a good, happy place.  I like seeing you just doing what you like, no matter how often or spaced out.  Take care of Felix, and do a vid whenever the mood strikes you :)
Some people are so nice, that they stop saying the truth.   "What is all fame and flattery worth... if a man comes to face eternity" - C.T. Studd
I love your more recent content, you've felt so chill and happy lately. I think it's great you are in this spot of 'retirement', meaning you don't need more at this point - that puts you in a place where you can make content YOU like, because if you lose people, that's ok now. You will always have a large core audience watching, regardless what kind of content you put out. I enjoyed meme review, Pewdiepie news, etc because they always gave a good laugh, but seeing where you started, and where you are now with the relaxing Japan VLOGs, it's somehow comforting. Like watching a friend grow and succeed in life (not literally friends/parasocial way, hard to explain). I do hope you keep making videos, and stay away from the stressful side of youtube. You made your goals, you can afford to just enjoy where you are, and have fun 'creating' instead of worrying about more subs, paycheck, etc. I hope YT becomes a relaxing hobby. (This post is to just get some thoughts out, I do not expect Felix to view comments)
U do u pewds.Always have been, (hopefully) always will be. Thats why we here. Much love keep it up Bro <3
I will miss LWAY 😔
Proud of you dude. Bro👊🏽
Love you pewdz
With such a huge fanbase, you'll always have a certain part of it enjoy any type of content you think of.  It's great you're not limiting your ideas to appeal to the majority... We see you're just having fun making content and that's awesome
We all like ur Semi retired life and it gives chill vibes plz do this vlogs we enjoy this very much🙂🙂❣️❣️
As long as Pewds is having fun I’m more than happy to see whatever content he uploads. It’s nice to see whatever interests him in the moment :)
dude i just really like watching ur videos lol
<3
He saw Mr. Beast catching up in subs & decided to come back
Hope he never stops uploading even if its once a year just updating us on his life
Every time I feel like quitting or don’t have the motivation to continue YouTube you remind me of why I like doing it! Thanks bro I appreciate your sincerity.
I actually much prefer how the channel is now, just updates every now and again rather than a forced video every day just for the sake of it! Keep it up you sexy, Swedish meatball
I like those headphones. Brand?
Do you remember the bridge?
Bro, them headphones are ugly
Might have teared up a bit idky
Please be on Youtube forever even if you upload once a week. Love you so much, genuinely. Your vids make my day even now. 💕
I still enjoy you're vids pweds.  You make the audience grow with the channel and it pretty suitable.  But I wishes you all the best ❤️🤟🏼
Don’t force yourself to do what you don’t want to. You should be able to film whatever content you are currently interested/passionate about. I am happy with whatever and am enjoying your retired videos.
I’ve been watching you on and off since I was 10, maybe it’s nostalgia, but I really appreciate that you still upload the occasional video. I just like seeing you. This is a really graceful “retirement”, I hope you get to focus on and enjoy other things.
The legacy has been made. You can rest now!
You are so refreshing
I'm happy that you are still on Youtube! I've know you since 2012, you are a part of my life and I'm glad you are still a part of it! King Felix!
Seen you talking abiut MTG Arena in your past videos, would love to see some gameplay with that
You do you, Pewds. :)
here to say we love you good sir.
As long as your having fun doing your thing, there's no reason to stop. And as a viewer it's really the best when you watch content knowing they are doing it because they enjoy it and not for some kind of peer pressure or obligation.
Felix, i wish i could tell you in person but ik how you are lol in 2013 i witnessed the suicide of my best friend. I lost control of my reality and resorted to drugs. Yet nothing worked. I was sad, lost, felt like it was my fault that it happened....then i discovered pewdiepie. Happy wheels to be exact. You made me laugh felix...which i havent done in a long time. And ever since i watched your hilarious videos. You helped me believe it or not felix. And i feel like you are now a part of my life. I watched you grow into the biggest youtuber. Everyday. So my point is that no matter how you switch up your content i will always support and so will everyone else. Keep up the smiles felix. You have a beautiful family and alot to live for. Love you my dude.
quit whenever you want. We will always support you :)
Thank you so much for still uploading videos. No matter what you do, I will always support you pewds!
Thanks for existing, Felix :)
Love u Felix !
Them headphones way too big for your small ahh head
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Don't quite
Proud of you Pewds and glad that you're still making videos, whatever those may be. Live your life and do what you want to do at the end of the day but a lot of us stick around simply because we enjoy whatever you decide to put out.
Are those tambourine headphones :0? I guess some things never change. Nvm what i said, i love how you are pewds, as you grow we grow too, and as someone that has seen you since school i get what you mean about not doing what you have already done. Keep rocking felix
You are a legend Pewds, whatever changes you do or anything you go back to it will always be class because of the person in the video :)
Hey Felix you know what you should bring back, since you don't game that much anymore YOU SHOULD BRING BACK OLD SKITS not the very werid ones but the ones like Fridays with PewDiePie or the photoshopped series my favorite was five werid stuff I bought online I enjoyed them but most importantly you can see in the older videos you enjoyed it too
We will always be here with you Felix
ok men
Whatever your plans are Felix, I'd like to thank you for being part of the last 10-12 years of my life. You've been a motivation, an inspiration, well a BIG BRO to me. Keep slayin' man. Floor Gang for life.
Such a wholesome video 😊
Don't listen to people you still have a lot of energy in you the hard work for your chanel is already over you should just chill and eat the fruit of your hard work by making chill videos like this every now and then and we'll all be here to watch it because you feel like a friend to us it's mind relaxing
This is like Mr. Crab sharing his secret recipe but i like it
I don't watch your videos cause of the content, I watch them cause of you, love you Felix 😁 pls don't ever leave, you're my little piece of happiness
When the money is that easy it's hard to quit.  Let's say he has $50 million accessible cash, the first thought is that he could live another 50 years with a million dollar of year nut (which is low considering his lifestyle).  Let's say he buys a $5 million dollar house, now he's down to $45 million at 50 years, plus the upkeep, plus the cars, plus the travel and on and on.  Of course he isn't going to quit, people get use to a certain lifestyle, and if they have the opportunity to elongate that, they will.  I don't blame him.
Not usually one to comment, but I'm really glad we have such an inspiring and wholesome figure as the spearhead of Youtube for the past decade. It's crazy to see how humble and true you've remained, after all you have accomplished. Mad respect.
Gotta be honest, I never truly watched you, but I always knew of you. The content you did was just not really my type of stuff. But dude, now with more laid back Japan vlogs, you won me. Those vlogs have so much life in it, and it really brings the best in you. Cheers
Damm congrats on all the accomplishments!! I feel both happy for you and sad at the same tim specially talking about the old videos and how your not interested anymore. Thoughh i'll always support you!!!
Who here was apart of floor gang?
You have been at your best lately these past 2 years. Keep doing the things you love. Your fans will always be here.
Ty for staying 😘👊
But I wanted you to say hey 69 years old it's PewDiePie....  But its OK. Have a great post YouTube life... It's just me or he looks like Homelander from The Boys....
glad you didnt, love the irl vids, so many yt i follow suddenly went dark and feel like a hole now and i check their channels to see of theyll upload again, follow all your other socials just incase
pls pewds dont quit my week isnt the same without you
Sometimes I don't wipe
wait you fully moved? ayo
dont quittttt love you broooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
i love your new content is is so enjoyable and seeing you soo happy makes me happy because i grew up on your videos i wash more youtubers were like you
Myself Personally grew watching your videos. I started watching when i was 13 and now i'm 25 and still follow your content throughout the years. For me, this is the best moment that you had in all your channel career. I feel like i'm part of this familly and to see you acomplishing your dreams is something that makes me feel very happy too, because i'm acomplishing mine too. Thanks for everything Pewds and continue being yourself!!
I just remember my sister introduce you to us. Playing mad father, amnesia, aoni and so on. My mother loves your WALKING DEAD SEARIES (Lee and Clementine).
Bro, really, i don't care what content you upload, I'll still watch it, because i like the damn videos)) i like you storytelling, editing style, personality, actually, almost everything about g this channel. Keep doing what you feel like. You're the best)
When pewds quits youtube… it wouldnt be the same
1. I don’t really want you to go…. But do what’s best for you  2. I just realized he has new headphones 😂
More storytime videos like Terraria please..
All for it! I feel like I’ve been growing with you. Love ya pewds
This video is so sincere and was really good to see that felix isn't disappearing all together but enjoy your life Bro, what's the point of being successful if you aren't happy.
Like a fine wine, you get better with age 🍷
This channel has evolved so much over the years. Felix has now come to a point where he can just chill and not stress so much about pumping out content. I like the tempo. Just do what you like doing man.
Did you vote this year? 😀
Following you since 2011 bro, I hope you still stay in touch with your bros whatever you do
You saved my childhood , ye i don’t watch you as much as i did when i was like 8-12 but i still love watching you pewds. I’m now 15 btw
Glad to see you happy and doing what comes naturally. It is nice to grow and change with the content. Enjoy the surfing dude!
W upload
Googoo gaga
Dude don't quite just upload whenever you want we will ways be here l
This video popped up when I searched for something completely unrelated
You truly are an inspiration due to always contributing to becoming a better person! I'm impressed by the way your channel is now - it really does feel less shallow and a lot deeper. I've been enjoying your latest content on the same level or even more than in your peak, most popular times. Thank you for being who you are!
anything you do i support you, but i will miss you. you have done so much for us its time for Felix and Marzia and the dog's time. with no worries of content strikers Coco Mellons and bitch lasagnas. you deserve it bro! much love and respect proud of you, been here since the beginning before the first 1,000,000. live yo best life.
Felix is truly the G.O.A.T. of YouTube
this video was an emotional roller coaster ngl. good job
Anything you want to do I am super cool with, you know better, and I will be here, BUT there is one thing... DO NOT cross that bridge again cmonBruh
sive edits are so repetitive, it's sickening
I enjoy this new format doesn’t feel forced, you seem so happy! Thank you pewdiepie for still wanting to create for everyone. You were the reason I started my channel (JVadvice) thank you for all these years and look forward to so much more! Mr.Beast collab coming soon?? :)
King
PewDiePie, when an art group has more subscribers than you, will you be able to record diss' on them for example how Australians learned their trade from you Swedes?
If you get on top you kind a wanna spread around.  its basically same thing you called distraction people prefer  different like you said. People just tend to move on and explore but what ever you doing it would be same way of feeding your insatiable life of satisfaction. So whether you keep doing the same thing over and over if the ending still the same there is no such thing as waste of time nor distraction whether is past or Future. You have to live it as is fullest. And never regret what is done. Obviously stop doing it if its no fun anymore. Just spread around and find other ways to quench your thirst on anything. Keep doing it don't let it stop you focus on your passion. And always live it to the fullest.  -Does not apply on law breaking situation and wasting our people time to sate your satisfaction.- Seriously you'll be able to fix yourself along the way to be a better person than you were before.
your audience grows up with you though. i used to watch a lot of game play through but not as much at all. i see myself watching these types of videos way more.
love the japan vlogs they are great always look forward to it thank you pewds for video they helped lot of people and some of them grew up watching you and you are happy to make video again
4:50 and we love to be there with you :) <3
Been a fan of you for 10 years. I’m so happy you’re doing what you love and how humble and down to earth you are. I’ll always come back and watch.
i will always support you pewds no matter what man been watching you since 2013..... lots of love to u fam
We love you Felix truly, if you leave we will be happy for you, and if you stay we will be happy that you’re here. Regardless it’s been one hell of a journey, and that’s coming from someone who’s been subscribed since 2012. As long as you still enjoy it keep doing it, we’ll be supportive of whatever you upload.
do you man
He'll be back full time once the money is getting short
Thank u pewds for a great childhood and I will never forget all the fun I had watching the videos u make. I have grown up watching this and this is something I always cherish every video just puts a smile on my face, seeing u grow as time passed and I grew up too and it really is a very overwhelming feeling. I still wait for every upload of yours. I just wanted to say. Love u man
the reason why you have to grow your channel, pewds, is because there are still a lot of loyal people, who expect every day to see you creating entertaining and worthwhile videos, but unfortunately you've become so distant and screwed over most of the fans. don't forget, that WE created you..
Shoutout too Stefano and Mr Chair.
Felix i dont usually comment on vids but I just wanted to let you know that if I never saw you play games and make me laugh I probably wouldn't be here. Your funny content was my release and I thank you 1 trillion times over. I would come home from school feeling like I had no place in the world. Then I would watch your vid of the day and it would make me feel better. Your like a big brother to me. One that never judged me for who I am or picked on me for my differences. Ik its been 12 years of me watching your content yep I remember the cod days Even tho most dont. I can't thank you enough for all the laughs and good times. If u retire u will always be in my heart. Thank you Felix from the bottom of my heart ❤
I honestly can't imagine youtube without pewds
Felix its time to retire not beacuse ur shit beacuse you have earned it
Those are some dope asf headphones. I love em
Bro what are these hilarious headphones? Can you hear the future with them or why are they so enormous
We will always love you🤍
DONT QUIT PLEASEEEE
Personally, I love your humor and reactions to things. It's been great to see you evolve from just a guy to one of the greatest youtube creators. And I respect your position on youtube. Do what you like, dont stress yourself! Even if you dont upload, you will ALWAYS be remembered as the curer of boredom, the minecraft veteran, or better yet, PewDiePie.
Dont quite ever wt ever might happen
You’ve always been one of the most respected and humble people on the platform  Your story is inspirational  Keep making videos until it feels like that university course because we will keep watching
For such long history of your YouTube channel, watching your videos is like watching One Piece (which I haven't seen at all yet.) I may not have watched most of your videos, but I'd rather stay subscribed and see your thumbnails on your greatest achievements. Stay cool, Pewds! 👌
Personality I'm soo happy Felix is still here at this point it just feels like chillin with your best friend and i love that
Man Pewds is just aging like fine wine. Proud of the person you've become Felix.
I've had fun on this journey and truly believe this is what youtube's all about.
Surf board review now!
Pewds man please enjoy your life. You have given us over a decade of entertainment
Nice Headphones Pewds😯😯
People will watch his content even when he is just clipping his toenails and I mean that as a compliment
Just do what you want to do Pewdes. We'll be here along for the ride. A random book club video here workout tips there. Just go with the flow and do what makes you happy you don't have anything more to prove. Sharing your genuine interests with your YouTube Community has been a great experience
Pewds, I've been here since 2016, and I always love whatever you put on because you are you, and dont change that! Do what you love and dont make youtube something you'll hate. Me and millions of your subscribers will always love what you do! Enjoy life and have fun!
im curious whats Pewdiepie current job at japan right now since he "retire" as a youtuber
Bästa Felix. Har ju mer eller mindre vuxit upp med din kanal och jag tror att alla vi som har vuxit upp med dig tycker om den utvecklingen som du har gjort. Jag älskar dina vloggar från Japan, tycker även om när du fördjupar dig i olika ämnen. Hade gärna velat ta del av fler bokrecensioner då jag själv har börjat läsa en hel del. Men naturligtvis så ska Youtube vara roligt och inget måste. Just be you 😊
goated
WALLA DU E BÄST BROR
my man looks absolutely sexy!! no homo!!
love you dude
.
Glad to see you being happy and taking things in moderation at your own pace
love you pewds . never quit YouTube
I grew up with this channel
Gör vad som känns rätt
I love the Japan vlogs and all the vids you make so pls dont stop cus u bring happiness to many of us with your content, we dont expect you to puch yourself or anything but pls just dont stop posting vids thats all the content dosent even matter bro
I love u pewds I've been following you since the days of Stephano and Mr.Chair and wish the best for you!
NOOOOO, please don’t quit. I love the Japan vlogs. You’re literally living some of our dreams, I know you don’t fully grasp that but it really is inspirational to see your progress and how happy you guys are now. Thanks for continuing Pewds 🤙🏻
I want MINECRAFTTT
I’ve grown up with you. Thank you for everything (,:
im glad im near felix's age. i think if i were a recent 9 yr old fan, i might not have stuck with him for this long.
If this man ever leaves. I might just sweat out my eyes.
It's part of you by now, surely. There's no shame in sticking around. You've described Youtube's original purpose as well. Enjoy Japan man. I envy you.
OMG That new setup is 💯
I'm the same as you was. Graduated university, got a job as engineer in Derby paying about £27k.. per year. I feel so stuck lol. I feel like I'm a withering flower that self conscious.   I can't stop and do what I want becuase I gotta pay rent 🙈
Imagine being able to retire at 30
Popppy Harlow 😮‍💨
Most Youtubers: "Why I'm Quitting Youtube." Pewdiepie: "Why I'm not quitting Youtube."  Seriously, Pewdiepie has become so much more than a youtube celebrity. He is a cultural icon, an inspiration for a generation of people. He doesn't need to reach new heights. He has become the likes of Plato and Sun Szu where he can simply exist and we will watch happily. He can do what makes him happy and can finally enjoy life in victory, and if he happens to want to still make silly videos he enjoys then thats what he will do.
So happy for you, Felix! <3
I appreciate how honest you are and I support you 100% on your choices! I've been watching you since the beginning of my second year in high school and it's been over 10 years since I had first followed you. Although you think that your past content may seem shallow, I honestly enjoyed it because I got to hear your insight and whether it was irrelevant a day or even an hour later, it was still fun to watch the videos. It's hard to word things but at the end of the day, I'm just trying to say that I would still watch your videos regardless of what the content is!
The King, is still here.
1st... If you don't count the 450k before me😁
I couldn't keep my eyes off his wam headphones
It’ll never make sense for Pewds to quit. You’ve been here for the good times and the bad times and I thank you personally for the content you’ve created over the years.  Been here since the OG days of Happy Wheels and I remember how problematic barrels were too! Brofist.
I liked you than, and I'm really liking the Japanese experience now. I'm disabled and won't get there myself, so thank you for showing me Japan. Stay healthy, happy and safe always. Blessed be
Is me jack
1:3 like to view rate is insane
Thank u for the good years man, i really miss when you were playing horror games, good times man good times
Totally bro, it’s your channel so you decide the content. Personally o would love to see more philosophy videos
Bring back Book Review
Never quit, you love doing youtube.
Felix you nailed it when you described 'Shorts' as a distraction, an opinion we share.
Your haircut is great!
Easy to say you dont care about views and subs and whats the point anymore when you have already banked over $30m from youtube....
I wish I had your success. It's a hard feeling to describe. I'm both incredibly happy and extremely jealous of you. My life is falling apart at the moment and I wish I could have some semblance of success
♥️♥️♥️♥️
Understandable and respectable😌👊🏻
Just change channel direction pewds, join trash taste and chill out haha
Is it time for Nopixel gta5 rp? That would be content
Felix keep doing you man. Love watching your content :)
Pewdipie is like someone who completed the main story in a video game and now just enjoying the side content. And im happy for him for just enjoying uploading again at youtube thank you pewds!
Move to twitch?
👊
Pewds do what you want to do
U quitting is like a close friend death to me :( just post daily vlog is already ok to me :(
Just go on a 1 year vacation where your upload schedule is whatever you want
Tambourine is back! It's now on his ears
this section of the channels life is like the and they lived happily ever after but the camera never cuts which is what I always wanted in movies/shows I was invested in
I love your videos so i hope you wont quit soon
I can understand how it gets boring doing meme or reddit reviews and yes, they are shallow but that"s what I liked about them. When I watch YouTube sometimes I don't want something deep I just want to watch something that will give me a break from day to day life and make me laugh. Pew news was one of my favorite things you did. Not because of the drama, but how level headed a response you would give compared to most on the platform and the fact you had gone through your own stuff on the platform gave your opinion serious weight. But nothing ever stays the same and especially for YouTubers it's good to move onto other things after a certain point. I watch your content because I enjoy your personality. It's sincere, and your content isn't some $500,000 giveaway every video which seems to plague this site now. Youtube will feel like a really weird place whenever you decide to call it quits so I'm just enjoying whatever videos you choose to do. Thanks for the laughs and honesty, Felix!
That head set looks so uncomfortable
You do YOU and we’ll still love you for it Felix. I’m loving these relaxed videos especially because I can see and feel how happy you are in each one, you’re truly enjoying yourself, retired and living the life you’ve always wanted. That is the best kind of content imo, makes you feel like a close friend sharing your life and accomplishments and I get to be excited for you and cheer you on all the while. Keep enjoying yourself man, loving the progress.
This channel has grown with me since i was 12 and somehow the contents changes always fit perfectly with my maturity, this community has grown together, both in size and wisdom and im proud to be apart of it.
Chers Pewds! As long as you keep uploading I will be here watching as I have for years now with a smile on my face. And when that time does come I will wish you the best with my sincere respect to you and your loved ones.
Felix you've learned the most important lesson there is in life - to do things that make you happy  Now onward to further happiness and may you share it (when you feel like it) with us
He came back with the milk 🥛
time to quit my brow ! It has been a good time ! Now we have to all move someday !
just enjoy your days with the people you want pewds. Life is really short and you should enjoy your life however you want. Of course some people would stop whatching you just because you don't wanna do what they want but at the end of the day this is your channel. And people always cheer for you and tell you to do what you want so quit or not it's you. full support hereeeee!!! lol
Amazing LCD-3’s ♥️🤌
doing things that make you happy. makes us happy too.
OMG that brofist at the end tho
We're still here because we want you to do what you want. We still watch because its what makes US happy. A lot of us have grown WITH you.  You being real with us and sharing your passions is still helpful and cool. Also, we love the old parts of your channel because its you doing them, other people don't compare.
We Love you 🤗💗 Just have fun no matter what
I was thinking it's nice to see him being Felix but not PewDiePie, and he hit me with a brofist, bruh. 🥲
new book review :))))
Imagine if Felix on top of everything he's accomplished and how much he literally has changed the game time and time again, ALSO single-handedly brings back doing youtube just for fun and being your most authentic self instead of chasing trends, fame and money.  Truly the mf GOAT.
Dad of YouTube
The mic also had something to say  *di-i-i-ng*
been a fan since 2013. i've been through a lot of pain and loss, and pewds videos never fail to cheer me up.
Glad your still uploading Vlogs here and there. Also nice dope headphone!  Edit: When is house tour?
YouTube seems to be recommending a lot of your older videos from 6 years ago, 9 years ago, and when you go back to watch them, you can really see the difference between then and now.
Awesome stuff
I think a lot of us just enjoy seeing you enjoy your life you’ve worked so hard for pewds, myself included. You’re an inspiration and a motivation, Felix, don’t forget that.
thanks for a great childhood
if those headphones get any bigger i'm gonna lose my damn mind.
Love you, Pewds. ❤️
every "era" of pewdipie i alwasy keep coming back to watch because its exactly the content you put out that keeps me coming back its because YOU make it interesting and fun! your relatable personallity is what makes people want to watch anything that you do! im excited for this japan era and always happy to see more japan vlogs and always interested to see what you'll be doing next! <3
How many times did he hit the mic????!!!
We love oyu pewds but never forget, LWIAY Edit: Tom Cruise doesnt say why should I make movies anymore? neither should you Felix
pewds just upload what you want . we will still love you no matter what.  :)
You’re the most consistent man in my life 🥹 knowing that you uploaded daily really got me through hard times in college in 2016-18.   Pew news is the best news.
Felix is best when hes enjoying himself
So where's the Cooking with Marzia and Felix videos ?   Doing some abominations like steak sushi in Japan, that could potentially end in the police to kick your door open and put a fine for such dishonor?   C'mon Felix.
I just enjoy watching you have fun, laugh, be your own person. Whatever you have fun with, I have fun watching you have fun.
You could still upload stuff that you're interested in instead of trying to cativate us.
Do hiking!
I feel like editors aren't getting enough appreciation for these "sit and talk" episodes. Love the vid!
droma?
Honestly I've been watching for so that at this point, this is the perfect content. "We" have been trough so much that now is the time to just chill
This vid really hit hard. Support you all the way :)
Bro, we or i personally don't care what u upload, they're always fun and entertaining because it's by you, just simple, all the workout inspirations, stoic stuff, tlc stuff, anything just fun ✌️, honestly i miss ur vids ,but live ur life man 🤍
Lol just another day in the office 👊
You are now FewPieDai?
but you have everything you .....          BITCH I WANT MOAR!!!
I like the once in a while uploads
PewDiePie is like a maximum prestige player in Modern Warfare 2 and has nothing to accomplish on YouTube anymore but he still enjoys it.
I'm happy you're staying and doing it for fun. You were one of the reason I started really studying english ten years ago and now I'm good a it and it became such a useful thing in my everyday life. I've never really been a active subscriber I've never felt the need to comment (I was part of the silent mass haha)I always liked your sense of humor. Anyway I really like your channel, happy that you keep going :)
Nah nah. I wanna be able to have my kids watch your vids.
your Japan vlog is amazing! pls upload once a week❗️
God bless your soul, Felix 😇 Despite being one of the few who came up on top, you're still humble, grateful and spread positive energy. We could've easily had someone worse as the top individiual youtuber, but you were chosen, and I'm thankful for that ⭐
Loveyou Pewds. Watching your videos makes me happy and proud of where you and ur gang are now. Goosebumps on the Brofist tho, brings back old memories! Love and support from the Philippines! <3
Nothing but love Felix
You now
Did you enjoy doing book review and would you ever consider doing it again
I'll admit that I haven't regularly watched your stuff in years since you shifted from mostly horror content into other things, but I've never unsubscribed. Your content is still great. Your audience cares about you. YOU. They're here for the person they care about, not specific content. The product is you -- the setting is just that: set dressing. It's sort of like how everybody hated the most recent Pirates of the Caribbean movie was hated, because they didn't remain true to the character of Captain Jack. People enjoyed the previous four films because of Jack, even as they got kinda weird. But the fifth movie betrayed Jack, and so people didn't like it. Which I guess is a long way of saying that, if you stay true to yourself, and your audience will stay true to you.
You do you brother. I’m here for it! I love the Japan blogs.
I wish I could give this 1000 likes.
I don't have much time, because I'm enjoying Japan. Man that's a goal lmao
Hi
nice
Remember the happy wheels n amnesia days ☺️
I have been watching you and Marzia for a decade now! I have seen all the different youtube phases lol :) Love the Japan videos, keep doing what you want to do <3
For me, you are one of the reason why youtuber now can be 'accepted' as a job by social. I watch you from my junior high school 2013 era, at that time some of my friends that time wants to be like you. It's inspire a lot of people tho. But if you ready for a new adventure, go ahead! As long as we can catch up with you :D
take some advice from mark, he's good with change
20 more year’s and you can retire.
"what am i gonna do with more?" - the reason i love this guy.
Do whatever you want pewds, it’s your channel duh
Do what you want Pewds
I started following you in 2012 but I stopped a few years ago. The content you made at the time wasn't for me and I had so much happening in my life. I started to watch your vlogs in Japan recently and I must say that I think I'm back for a new round. I grew up with you and you've been there in the hardest moments of my life. I went through a lot when I was younger but I knew that I could escape - even for a short moment - my problems. You also helped me a lot to learn english. This isn't my mother tongue. When I take a step back it's a bit weird to feel that close to someone who doesn't know you exist and who doesn't even speak the same language 😅. I really hope the best for you 2 man and from the bottom of my heart THANK YOU. I wish you the best.
Cause hes making 6-7 digits easily a year
keep going pewdsss. I can't live without seeing your face on my youtube feed
Hey, enjoy Japan! Make videos when you want! Have fun!
I‘d say your channel started out as a kid, turned into a teenager and now is  an adult :)
you know, after losing Jenna a couple years ago, losing Felix too would just be another heartbreak... i've been watching Pewds since middle school (i just graduated college this summer), and the turn this channel is taking feels so genuine and i really enjoy it. i feel like when you grow up alongside your favorite creators, it makes videos like this feel like catching up with a longtime friend.  Felix, thank you for the years of laughs, memes, jump scares, reviews, hauls, gaming, and everything in between. no matter what you decide to post or how long it takes, we'll be here 🫶🏻  enjoy Japan! 🇯🇵🤍
I got so excited when Felix gave the brofist at the end that I immediately did it back 😭❤️ Also you do you Felix! We all love and appreciate you no matter what 🥰
If you wanna keep making stuff, ill watch it. If you dont, luckily theres more content uploaded to this site than I could ever watch
This video made me realize how I've kinda grown up with you. I was around 10 when I started watching your videos and now I'm 20. I've been watching your videos through every era your channel has gone through and you've actually become a big staple in my life, looking back at how I would watch your videos every single day. I'm so happy to see you living your best life. You earned this. Thank you for the videos and the smiles!
Keep up the current content. I LOVE the vlogs. Who cares if they aren’t every day! I look forward to them even if they are weeks apart
When Pewdiepie quit, YouTube really *change* ..
Enjoy life pewds, you’re still young and have a lot og things to explore and experience! We support you👌🏻
The 'S' character in PewDiePie name stands for consistency..
bro i can feel all of thissssssssss man i still love you so much, i wish i could do youtube for a living one dday
This is why I miss the old Youtube when money is not involve. Monetizing isnt necessarily bad, but more people before a "genuine" when it comes to content. Remeber the Ryan Higa days?
started watching you around 2013 and you lost me around 2018 as the content kinda changed but I will always support you as you entertained me during some dark times in my life. You were the first yotuuber I watched and I watched nonstop. You were my cable and my source of happiness and escape from reality, as when I opened your new video, I knew I was in for good laughs and good vibes. You and Markiplier will always hold a special place in my heart and I will always support you guys.
As selfish as it is i dont want him to quit watching some one for all these years it will just feel so bad when he stops
you quit and you don't quit fuckn pick one Felix at this point its just about the clicks huh?
RESPEK
It's so freaking amazing to hear that you're choosing to do whatever it is that you want to do, whenever you want to Pewds. It's a great joy to see you happy and enjoy life the way you want it!
Japan Vlogs are better than other contents but please don't forget your LWIAY because it is where you can join with your community and check on them.
I need you to go back play horror gamesss 🤣🤣🤣🤣 that’s just my type of entertainment.. other ppl are not funnier like you Pewds
He became a boomer a dad
Please stay
I hope you can post more book review/video essays. Those are my favourite videos of yours :)!
Thank you for being yourself
That's cool
Glad you stuck around bro.
Excited to be a part of the next step in your adventure! Enjoy yourself and your work💕
Wow felix looks the healthiest I've ever seen him look in this video.
Even though i don't watch your videos like i used to, I can't imagine YouTube without you however your happiness matters most so we support you whatever happens
i find it so wild that you see felix here talking and being so relaxed and calm but videos like pew news and videos where he kinda plays a character and acts so hyper u think he took a line of coke before recording i guess you can say hes been the same person at his core but these days when you click on pewds vid you do see the calmer relaxed style rather than the crazy funny shit he did like blasting la lamborghini in a nissan micra
You can do random vlogs form japan. Doesn't have to have context in the vlog or talk. Just record some stuff with go pro or insta360. We would love to see japan trough your eyes. 😊
O7
You’ve earned everything you have man! Do your life. The true ones will stay forever!!
You should keep creating, you’re too young to retire, you need something to do, but you should just do exactly what you want.
I look forward to many more shitposts in the future
Predicting Felix will have a kid in the next year or two
I look way more forward to you videos again. When you uploaded daily reactions and stuff it didnt feel so right.
Love & support always!  Damn it why does the bro fist always make me teary eyed 🥹👊
Been watching and support you since maybe 2009-2010 till now, you've been a big part of my childhood making all things better in ways, so glad to be growing up watching you playing games, vlogs,...  Hope you will always be happy and enjoying what you're doing, I will always support you till the end. 😍
you should quit
the day you release your last video is going to be the saddest day in internet history
I'm here for the ride, if a video doesn't seem interesting, I can just wait for the next one. What the point in forcing you do make a video you don't feel comfortable with? Seeing you earnestly smile and laugh is way better. Thanks for always hanging out with us viewers.
If you do feel like retiring please do so....but if you want to continue youtube please do as long as you want to. As there are people like me who have been following you for so long that seeing you, Marzia, Edgar and Maya happy makes me happy. Whenever I open youtube I hope that you have uploaded. I wish to see you more.   The point being do what makes you happy. And happy surfing.
Enjoyed this, I appreciate your videos, great morning video
ill always love pewdiepie, whatever the content is🙌🙌🙌
dude pewds your livin the dream so many of us wish we could be. I'm truly just beyond happy for you! thanks for bringing us along for this adventure man :)
Even though I have been watching pewds since last 7 years, I was praying that pewds doesn't say that he is quitting. I don't care if he uploads or not, just knowing that he is still out there and I can expect a video any time just gives me a motivation to open up YouTube and expect to be surprised. We don't care if you upload everyday or once a week or once a month let's just stay together and have this community until the end.  Brofist
Mic go ding
I came for the horror content 9 years ago and stayed for the bro. You're a geniune and insightful person, would love to see more horror stuff but I'll still hang around for the journey.
just go on 👊
As my mama use to say, “it ain’t work if you’re having fun!”
brofist?
I cried at the bro fist ending, i became pc gamer because of him, trying game he played and enjoying his video, wish the best for you pewds keep it up  Ill always support you
Felix 😊😊😊😊😊
You can tell from his face how much he has matured and how happy he is with his current life
Being 20, almost 21 this December and watching your videos since i was literally 9 years old is crazy to me. You've hit the best part of your life right now, exactly where you want to be with the love of your life and two babies (pugs) and it's so beautiful to see how its come.  We are so proud of you and truthfully, i dont really want these to end. I love seeing things you do and Japan, i really hope to visit there sometime because of you. Be you, as you have been. The genuine feel is something you hold on to and im glad that you do the things you want, because its not just about the games or the videos or the reviews, its about You! You're the entertainment and ofc we'd want that to be healthy. Anyways, stay true and make the most out of it
You and ken just talking and reacting to stuff is super awesome, we love that.
Please felix dont quit , freak those comments , I'll always watch you
Ok cool
When you do something for over 10 years, it’s bound to change as it evolves. Pewds is not the same person, all the way back since 2014. He’s definitely far more humble and mature with his content and even personal life. I think a lot of Youtubers right now, are going through something similar, asking themselves, “why should I continue if i already reached my peak on Youtube?” I also like what Pewds said about Shorts, and subsequently TikTok. They all just feel like distraction now.
you inspired me Pewds, im a gamer as well but dont have confidence to have my channel and do streaming. im always watching your videos, i really want to go to Japan and so happy for you. 💗
letsplays
You are looking so good!!
Brofist for you, my men!
It’s cool to feel like how we’ve all kinda grownup with him at this point
Can we have a state funeral for Pewds on the Queens level?
I've been here 8 years. I'm here until the ship sinks mane.
I always loved your content, whatever it is~ thanks for making them in the first place and I hope you are happy with Marzia in Japan! :3 Take care
I agree that pew news and meme review were distractions and had no depth. But I think the fun was that we ALL(read most) knew it was ridiculous and didn't matter at the end of the day... Pewds and his audience were all agreeing like, fuck it, we are all going to choose to care about this meme for a week because if we all do it it'll be fun. To me it was like John Greens "Third thing" theory.. Don't get me wrong I'll be here no matter what but I feel like those times were exciting and more than just distractions they were a truely interactive entertainment and that's why everyone liked it I think.
111 million people (Wow ya Sweden 🇸🇪 to Japan 🇯🇵 ) just change the channel to the next interest ... Retirement is for the dieing... Surfing 🏄‍♂️ 🏄‍♀️ mmm..
Basically watching him having fun and being passionate about something he loves and not putting that negativity in his vids really helps to Brighten up every else’s day.thx Pewds for the great content over years ❤️🫶
It’s weird to say and think that I’ve grown up watching Pewdiepie. I think the audience that has been here since day one can say the same; we are happy for you Felix, and all the changes that came with this channel. We appreciate someone who doesn’t follow a fad or formula. We love to see your growth. And you already know that we’ll encourage you to step away from the platform whenever you want to😊. Continue to take care of yourself, Marzia, and the pugs in Japan!
Pewds, just before you quit for sure, do that one last time.   “Ha-ha-how’s it going bros, my name is Peeeeew die pieeee”.  Just one last time.
as long as you're happy, we're happy for you bro and personally i like this version of you more especially when u do content with Ken.
Don't quit...  it has been cool to watch you grow as a person...  waiting to see baby pewdiepie!
that yt money is addicting
Ok,cool.., but.. WTF ARE those headphones lik bro 💀
Do you Felix. Been here for Years and every new idea you have you make work so I'm all here for it! 🤟💪❤️💕
i've been a fan since 2014 (with different accounts lol) and it feels so proud to see you grow as a humble and mature person along with the growth your channel. i am so happy for you and i wish you the best whatever your decisions is. be safe out there! thank you so much ily <33
Hey felix, i havent watched ur vids or seen u for a while.. but i gotta say you look very good now bro, very healthy and happy or something. Keep doing what makes you happy and live life to the fullest!
cringe outro
Pewds is one of the best Youtuber in the world. he make us happy. pewds make whatever you want have a good life :D
Good video
I was 12 years old watching you pewds. Now im 22 years old, close to finishing medicine school. You were a part of my life! I love you, i hope you are very happy with your life now! Goodluck with all you want to do for the next 50 years. Hope ill get to see you after my first surgery on youtube or instagram!!
Just do whatever you like Pewds! I'll be there to support anything you do.
I am 20 years old today and I am just glad I grew up watching and being inspired by you and your peers. Not trying to belittle influencers and content creators nowadays but you are peak Youtube and character development over all this years and with you I also grew up. I am proud to have been a Bro, a nine year old or a nineteen year old for so long because you, Pewdiepie, made me a better person, defending what's right and pushing myself to be my best version. Thank you.
Brofist ❤
just admit it man, you're just afraid that your viewer's gonna miss you if you're no longer here. you worry about us aint yaa :D one of my earliest days on youtube was with your videos. I remember the first video i've watch, the amnesia funny montage. the very first one, and it really got me hooked to your channel, and ive been following you ever since. your videos always made me laugh. You helped me a lot back then man. I'm really glad you're happy. Makes me happy :D
Hey Pewds. I've been watching you for the longest time. It may feel copypasted but you actually were there for me every time I felt down. I hope you have amazing time in Japan🇯🇵. I love your beautiful personality and your content. Plz live your life fullest, and do what you feel like doing!!
Do you have any bigger project in mind?
I feel like I've grown a lot with felix that I enjoy everything he uploads, it's like they were there at perfect time for me, I mean I prefer this type of videos than meme reviews at this point in my life where I'm busy with work; I really don't mind waiting a week for a new video.   ❤️
We love you ... ❤️No matter what keep doing whatever makes you happy
Pewds started inspiring many to pursue dreams or become youtubers. Now Pewds is inspiring many to become better people. True Legend.
My favorite person
Bro wtf are those headphones lmao
Thanks pewds for not leaving us alone😊
Have you ever thought of doing more philosophical type discussions, or talking more about life/practical stuff or just tangents?
Felix many of us would support whatever you choose to do, I love your videos but it’s your life do what makes you happy man you deserve it
Would you rather have 100 million people like you when ur acting or 2 million people life you for who you really are :)
Always support you pewds
I love you but as I pressed the video I said money xD
so, let's have fun in another years ahead pewds, do as you love with your channel, I'll always sticking around this channel
Retired or not it's just watching pewds just makes me feel better and kinda inspired me so I don't care what he does as long as he just keep uploading whatever he likes
Thanks Pewds for sharing this
Im glad you were being honest. Its really easy to look at the 2017-2020 pewds and tell there was some resentment, sadness, and just being tired. To me it showed through the videos, but now it is clear you’re very happy and I dont think anyone can blame you. My dream is the same as yours too, i dont want fame but I would like to be rich and retire in japan with no worries. You’ve been nothing short of an inspiration to me. Thanks Pewds!
LESSSS GOOOOO Thank you for not quitting. Even if you post 1 a month. Just knowing you good makes me happy
You've been a huge part of my childhood, used to make me laugh everytime. I will always support you no matter what We Love You Pewds
You have always been the most interesting to me when you just sit down, have an honest talk, whether it's about you enjoying your life or saying what's on your mind. Even though you've done a lot of changes, there's some things that don't change. It's a little pathetic but I don't have friends, and I don't feel so alone whenever I watch your videos lol.
I hope he's happy on what he does now
Pewds, are you wearing a pancake maker on your head or what is that?!
"Somethings Never Change"                                                       -Pewds/Felix                                                          (2022)
Honorable
make reaction videos like old reaction videos
Hej pewdiepie, jag skriver på svenska för att min engelska är så jävla bajs, iallfall skulle inte du kunna göra en video där du lägger ner hela dit hjärta? något större än vanligt. Något som när du laddar upp så känner du verkjligen att "dehär har tagit mig lång tid och det är äntligen dags att visa det för mina följare" Det hade jag velat se :)
Cash flow. It's really just for cash flow.
XD
Love you lots pewds!
The way my heart sank when i thought this was the end for real. We love you Felix. I think alot of us took the growth of the channel with Tseries and cocomelon as a big game that we were all in on and loved participating in. We love you, and youre like a dear friend for us, even if it may not be the same for you. I know i love the more deep content, book reviews and the philosophy stuff. I personally wouldnt watch things like the minecraft videos because it wasnt always my thing.  Thats the thing about this channel, were here to hang out with a lifelong friend at this point. We just want to see you happy, and whatever it is that will do that, we'll be glad with it too. Thanks for sticking around n.n we love that you and Marzia are having the time of your lives in Japan, its really so amazing to see you guys living out your dreams. Hugs to both of you. And a big old hug to the puggies 🖤🤍
You do you Felix no pressure, the Japan vlogs ang reviews are relaxing
Pewds is one of those YouTubers you watch for him. No matter what he’s doing in the videos I find I watch for the way he thinks and his vibes  TDLR; Pewds good, watch for him
Im here since Jabba the hutt and im still enjoying your content. Almost never missed a video since then.
🫀🫀🫀🫀🫀🫀
I guess on some level, we already know how you feel? And you’ve made it to a point where you can choose to focus on what you want to do and you don’t necessarily have to do what others are doing to stay relevant or whatever. We’re just happy you’re still here and chillin 😎♥️
U shouldn't quit n should do wat comes naturally to u. N wat could get u that a kick in your life which u need. Even it means quitting and if it doesn't. I'm nt a subscriber but I've always been entertained by ur videos esp.. ylyl n u playing games like dark souls and sekiro. Make content which can entertain others and which makes u happy.  If still not possible then find something which would give u that required kick in ur life. Bless u!
after all of the criticism and hate in the past I think you are a very mature person, and I look up to you, and I think you lead a great fanbase, though it may have changed so much over the years. I don't think it's about the "9yo army", I think it's about you being who you are online and seeing eye-to-eye with other people. You understand that a lot I think, and your more down-to-earth approach  to content on YouTube is awesome, as well as your appreciation for art. It can be difficult to balance that with the post-ironic ironic content you are famous for making. Being able to break that surface of irony + be truthful and humane with your audience is really commendable. ily pewds
let's call this phase 2 instead of the end.
gg o7
i want you to stay, i know it selfish but even upload once a year is fine to me and i will watch whatever content you upload. kinda weird but watching your videos is make me relax after a long time surfing on the internet, kinda like a stop point and rest for the day.
Ok...
Even though its totally understandable if you ever quit youtube but the moment when i'll know abou that i'll have this hole in my heart everytime i open youtube for sure
I missed you ;-;
As long as you’re having fun, we’ll be here for you!
Bro, we’re your army through and through. Do whatever the hell you want and we are just happy that you’re happy
We love having you around! As long as you want to be here we want to have you here.
Felix I love and respect your decision....Can we get some gameplay videos?
honestly i was waiting for this particular video
Change is good! It's been an absolute pleasure to watch you grow and to grow with you. But speaking for myself and other supportive bros, we are happy when you're happy. You're wellbeing and peace is more important because we care about you as a creator and person. When you're truly glowing and at peace, we get the ultimate pewds, so who would be mad at that?! Can't wait to see what videos and content you come up with. Brofist!
living in a non zog country, retirement after just 10 years... living the dream
Is Pewds still friends with Mark, Jack, etc?
I came here because you give motivation. I'm not into gaming nor subscribed to your youtube journey but whenever you post inspiring content I click on it. Maybe you are now on that higher level.. there are content creators in any field that might need inspiration.
Dear Pewds , Keep doing yt till whenever you want we will always be there to support you . Stay happy
People who have been following you for a long time grew up with you, for example i used to be 17 and now im almost 26, so your content always matched with the people that follow you because of who you are. Its perfect really, before i used to love the loud silly videos cause i was similar and now that im older i loveee the more laid-back content. Just keep doing you, there will always be people that appreciate you no matter what because its not just the content we follow its you, and your growth has been a real inspiration for so so many of us
Dude, we don't own you. Just enjoy your life mate it's fine !
I’m happy he’s happy with the content he makes. I feel like if he was looking to do *something else*, he could do like a pewdiepie extended universe the same way mark has and Jack is getting into. I feel like that might be interesting, especially with his enlightenment. He could talk about things without talking about things. Kinda like Bo Burnham in a way.
Well said from the man I looked up to
Honestly, I feel like your channel has improved lately. Your stuff has just been more relaxed and you've been visibly happier doing it, and I feel like the content on your channel, or any big channel really, is less important than the person providing it. Youtube revolves largely around people just wanting to find a little human experience in their day, and as long as they can find that in your videos, they'll keep watching. :)
I'm happy with the content and glad you didn't announce that you were starting an OnlyFans.
not me crying
You’ll always be the Number 1 for us. Remember, you’ve no obligation to continue making videos, but if you enjoy it and it doesn’t get in the way of you enjoying the rest of your life, then it’s always going to be something people are here for
i mean, you don't have to quit, legend lives on!!!
Pewds is just doing the side quests now
Thank you bro
PEWDS DON'T QUIT!!! EVER!
Him telling us that he let people down because he doesn't upload let's plays or videos like before anymore makes me wanna just pat him in the back and just tell him that he has been doing very well and everything you do, we will always support you. Felix, just do your thing dude. We got your back. Enjoy Japan with Marzia and Maya and Edgar. I am really glad with your vlogs cause it feels like you are also touring us in Japan. Anyways, lovelots from Philippines 💕
Did you do a Q&A about Japan? I would like that!
Felix don't think you have become these boomers, the new generation is actually crazy it's not your problem
You're so real for this, always supporting you
Youtuber for so long, still bonks the mic. <3
Getting older. Becoming a boomer pewds.
I love the latest set of videos. I can sit down with a coffee and enjoy some cool stuff from Japan :)
Abroad in Japan, just less sarcastic. Got to be a winner.
Such a shame that he didn't quit. 😮‍💨
bro never quit you hear me
Love ya Pewds
Don't quit Pewds, i want to watch your videos with my grandsons in future and of course I'd prefer new uploads.
ENJOY YOUR WELL DESERVED LIFE PEWDS!!!! u literally got me through the worst time of my life, i was daily  abused physically and verbally by my stepfather, ur videos helped me get through it and i will never forget u for that. U are in a spot where quitting youtube would be an actual option, u have a family, the life u wanted u can always take some time off or slow down with the videos/ we, ur fans love to hear from you and your life because u are part of our childhood and part of our familys kinda Thank u for everything, i will be a bro for life! (sry for my english ._.)
Har följt dig sen jag var typ 12-13 (är 20 nu) och jag har alltid haft stor respekt för dig, men nu, jag har aldrig sett en så ärlig och fortfarande roande person på youtube. Jag har en sån ENORM respekt för dig, du är en stor inspiration för så många oavsett vad du gör! Gör allt i ditt tempo, filma det du vill men mest av allt, njut av livet, njut av Japan ❤️
❤️❤️❤️
Thank you for not quitting. I kind of lost touch but I started really enjoying your channel again and I'd really, really hate to see this channel not uploading. Just like I hated it when Marzia disappeared.
FLOOR GANG!!
just do what you want and post whatever you feel like pewds we’ll always be watching
It will take courage to finally hit the delete button.
Man. I remember watching your contents back 2015  And those are the good old times. I'm so glad to see you enjoy doing what you are doing!
You're next adventure in life is for you and Marzia is to have children. Once you have you'll feel more accomplished.
Seeing you do what you enjoy rather than what would up your numbers in honestly very enjoyable. Like i can truly feel your passion that goes into your work and it’s awesome!
Baller
Dude is getting hella boring anyway
Above the video s
I remember when I first found you 10 years ago, the amnesia videos. I was 9 years old, watched your videos everyday, watched you grow while growing myself. You were a big part of a lot of peoples childhoods and we all appreciate you for that. I don't really watch a lot of your videos anymore, I guess that happens when you grow older, I'm 20 in 2 days and it's kind of wild to think about. Nothing really lasts forever and you should always do what you want to do.
Pewds, I don't care what you post.  I'm a fan of you,  not just your content
Petition for pewds to have one more adventure with Sven.
The warmth of the BroFist was missed lol hope all goes well, Felix.
The way you transitioned into this laidback, chill style is just graceful. Keep doing your thing.
So proud of you papa Felix
Hey felix I haven't shared this with you till now and Idk if you ever gonna see this comment but here it is. In 2017 I dropped out of my college and I was really depressed at that time and then I found your channel and omg I found you hilarious. You made me lough at the time when life was really tough for me. Everyone around me was just bashing me and from that time you became my fav youtuber. Your videos mean a lot to me.  You are the most genuine, funny and kind youtubers I have ever seen. Thanks man ! Love you from india 🇮🇳
Hey Pewds, thanks for inspiring me and many others to follow the path you have paved.
Dang pewds! Those heads phones are MASSIVE
This kind of talk can be made if youve been on top of the world and at the bottom, pewds have seen a lot of things while growing and i will always respect him
the G.O.A.T of yt
Im still just as exited to watch your videos like I was when I was a kid like 10 years ago. I’ll always support the content you make and support you when your ultimately done!
I got the answer to the question in its  title- some things never change!!❤️
wow
We appreciate you Felix 🙏
Bro, just keep doing you and upload when you feel like it or make a video when you come up with an idea you love. Stay good and keep doing you.
Welcome to japan btw!!!!!!
I haven't watched you for some years now ! But i have seen your Japan videoes and I rly like seeing those! Its much better to watch videoes  that you like to create :D
The thing is your viewers grow and change, so even if you stuck with one kind of content your viewership would drop as people move on from that content. So either you have to constantly try to keep up with trends. Or you just grow yourself and do what you enjoy. I like the path you've chosen!
Bro never quit I would watch you in my 70s
Shout out to the people who actually stuck with PewDiePie through all these changes and never once was ever disappointing by any continent he has ever made. 👏👏👏👏 we’re here and we love and support you no matter what.
You should have retired earlier, bc your new chil videos are now my favourites
👊 Enjoy life mate, and drop by from time to time just to let us know how things are going. Cheeers
Overhated
Good for you Pewds!
I've been on here longer.  2008
👊
Jag är bara glad att se att du mår bra Felix,  hälsningar från Sverige
Despite almost quitting, im thankful Pewds just stuck around as "retiring." He's now at a point where he can post whatever he enjoys & get Gute support from most of The Bros. A rare but incredible position to be in. I've been Enjoying the vlogs & vids posted with Ken etc.... Danke for your Hardwork , Hope you continue to do well & Stay Awesome Bro 👑 😎 👊
Thanks for uploading today
Never leave us.
fliq ♌
Do what you want Felix. Enjoy Japan and just live your life man. We'll always be here. Upload whenever you feel like. You don't have to stress about it. Stay safe ❤️❤️
great point about memes and drama being a distraction, we should focus on long-term happiness and enjoyment
I am very happy that pewds is still here. And honestly I do enjoy the recent videos a lot.  Wouldn't mind some more horror tho.
WE LOVE YOU PEWDS!!!!!!!!! WE WILL SUPPORT YOU NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO MAN!!!!
It's been such a pleasure watching you grow and evolve as a creator over the years, but the really beautiful part was watching you grow and evolve as a person, Pewds💕 you deserve to enjoy this life that your authenticity and good intentions have built for you, we love you and we're very proud of you, too! Thanks for being you!👊
Pewds and his content ages like fine wine
Felix do a fishing video there in Japan or ghost hunting with Marzia! 😍🤣
Do what you wanna do you happy lil modhafogha
Everything you mentioned is why we are still here. Thank you for sharing everything you do with us for all these years!
those headphones so crispy
Enjoy your life pods, we love you !
Well the content pewds made these days is really good too, I enjoy watching you enjoying Japan, living my dream of moving to Japan through your video lol.
Glad you are where you are in life! I actually love your content now compared to before. You seem more fulfilled 😊💕
Pewds should where a Yukata next vid.
Bro i have been watching you for 10 years now its crazy
❤️
you are amazinggg
what head phones are those?? they look like they provide a next-level listening experience
although he said he wouldnt do trash taste if it wasnt episode 69 (and its been passed), i still hope he makes an appearance on trash taste since he now lives in japan
we are now theropy for a rich and famous Sweed
Love you Pewds!
GEYYYYYYYYYYYY
more japan vids they are chills
I'd suggest continuing on until 2024/25 area. 15 years or so breaks down your career into a 3 Act Structure.   The Young Up & Coming 2010-2015   Those Years  2015-2020   Wise Man's Wisdom 2020-Now   You're kinda the perfect channel in terms of trajectory to follow. You've had ups & downs, but anyone would be a fool to say you haven't achieved financial & personal success - something we're all aiming for.
Do some book reviews :))
felix you should try youtube boxing, it's release some stress, good for mental health
2:58 windows 11
👊
You either die a hero or live long enough to become a legend
What's his headphone's name?
its egoistic of me but i really wish u would'n quit, but in retrospect just do whatever u want, you have a fanbase that would be happy whatever u do, we just want u to be happy. you have a very nice energy to be around so its  comforting to follow you and your activities, or you talking or anything so maybe this will help you understand our process of thought when it comes to you. anyway we love you and support you no matter what <3
Please take care Felix. This fucking place doesn’t deserve you.
👊
it’s actually refreshing to see YouTubers I grew up watching becoming more mature themselves and talking about these kinds of things. I am almost 30 and it makes me feel better knowing YouTubers are growing and changing too!
The thing here is, we love what you are doing Pewds. Whether it's gaming, pews news, shorts, blogs,... I love it all the same (a bit more bias on gaming, but im happy with rewatching a few over and over again so no worries). The vblogs have been amazing, so relaxing and informative as well. Im glad you are enjoying your new life in Japan, please, take as much time as you need to enjoy it!!  It is always such a pleasure to see you on youtube. Please, dont quit because others say so, keep doing what you love, and we would be here for you. Till the end of the journey bro!!!
I wonder if moving to Japan is part of the plan to invade Norway! 🤔
Brofist like ya punched the monitor and almost knocked it over!
👊
Just do life minimal edited vlogs, doesn’t have to be everyday, just live life and save your memories through vlogs.
Been watching you since PewDuckPie came out. We came a Long way brother 👊
I feel like "PewDiePie" has gone into hibernation for a while, and we are getting to see Felix now :) I've been absolutely loving the chill Japan videos, so please take your time to enjoy this chapter of your life!
♡
you are great, jst be happy
I like your current videos. Thanks for sharing them with us :)
i’ve watched you off and on ever since i was young and i was most invested in your collab videos with marzia and horror game play throughs, but i understand that we are constantly evolving as humans and we may not even like some choices we made the day before. it’s all part of the process and journey and i’ve always appreciated your dedication to being you and doing your best not to lose touch with yourself. keep doing you man! 👊
no worries. do you whatever you want. I will still click on your vid always. no matter if it's daily, weekly, or monthly (god forbid tho lol)
I remember all the days when your channel was Minecraft.
Build greenhouses in every country and end malnutrition?  I have an idea ive been working on for 12 years. If you helped me bring my dream to life we can end poverty
Do what's best for you and your family brother. We aren't going anywhere
6:10 these kind of stuff honestly saved my life
Felix, you are absolutely amazing. We will always be here to support you regardless of the changes in the channel as all we want is for you to enjoy what made you successful & to have a happy wonderful life💗🦋
I came for your Amnesia playthrough and stayed because of your personality!
Enjoy life felix, enjoy life. that’s all i got to say
i would really appreciate if you go back to playing games, but finding the way you want it, nothing ridged, just you and your games or talk about anything that you like like books, music or whatever. Bc i really appreciate your taste
I really wanna know the name of the headset Felix is using.
As I said on your other video Pewds, just keep doing whatever the fuck you want and we'll always just be here with you,
Pewds keeping the "YouTube, Broadcast Yourself" vibe alive... Definitely loved the evolution since the Bro Army days
pls don't quit lol
All the true fans support you.
Honestly pewds from all of us, Do and post whatever you want bro, Honestly we've all been here and seen you grow through out the years so right now I speak for all of us when I say "We all just want to see you happy as you earned it" Much love
what would be a good way to start learning Japanese? I’ve been wanting to learn since a kid and first watching anime and now I’ve been thinking about moving to Japan (not just because of anime)
Thanks for the video, Pewds! Brofist! 👊
Sir. It has been a pleasure watching your channel for the last decade and how it and you have grown and changed over the years! You've had a hell of an adventure and it's extremely kind of you to dedicating so much of your life to sharing that adventure with us, thank you!!!
flees nice being far from black people
We always be supportive for you And in the end La elaha ella allah
Bra jobbat Felix, du ska vara stolt över vad du har presterat! 🥳 Keep being you even if that’s a more mature calm you, showing of your new life. I’m all for it!
2:58 was a cool sound ngl
To be honest I miss the old Pewds, I miss the screaming, I miss the Barrels. Such precious memories 😭❤️
Noooooo meme review 😭😭😭
If you ever feel like covering or featuring books you love on the channel again I'd love to see it. You got me back into reading and it's the best hobby!
Bro you dont need to quit i love your vids
Love this, honest real and perfectly reasonable and understandable - do what makes you happy, proud and content with life, we can make it on our own if we must
The older pewds got, we got older as well. I love his current content than previous one unironically.
Lately the channel is great! Since you started making videos that you really like, things seem to be more fluid. Japan vlogs are amazing for someone like me who has never visited the country. Other videos like the ones from Elden Ring were fantastic too! They all have in common the fact that you're enjoying making the videos and that's what matters in the end.
I'm loving the new format of the channel. Keep doing what you do, Pewds
Before watching the video, because of the new schedulle (9 days since last video) i thought that it was it, it was the last video. Kinda glad it wasn't  I know this will eventually end, but the ride sure was and still is great.  I will allways thank felix for helping recover the old habbit of reading, specially introducing me to stoicism.  Thanks and keep going 👊
holyyy shit 400k views 150k likes this man is supported
First youtuber I ever subscribed to way back and the last I would ever stop watching. Thank you for being with us Pewds.
Love u Felix!
YouTubers do YouTube till death knocks on their door or YouTube go out of business. pewd will probably be an old geezer still on here. hello I'm pewdie... zzzz.
I was about to cry halfway through this video, I am glad Pewds will continue uploading. I don't care what you upload I just want to watch you even if you sat infront of the camera and start doing meditation without any words
For the algorithm
We love you felixxx from philippines hereee just do what you want and we'll always be hereee
brofist
this like to view ratio is godly
is this not a @collabwithpewdiepie ?
the theory behind growth is that you need to give money to shareholders. If your share price is constant, it is not interesting for people to invest so the price will actually drop and you wont be able to finance your company through the financial market anymore.
I love you.
We are there for you pewbs
I love this pewdiepie, he talks so honestly about the things he cares about
Nice hair bro.
Upload where you feel like it. We just love watching you being you. I'd be happy for video once a year even
ur still here? lol ew
Definitely just do whatever you enjoy 🙂 Thank you!
I'm happy that Felix will still make videos
Maybe try new hobbies?  Now that you feel like you've done everything, why not try a new hobby? Maybe drawing/painting? Music maybe?  Either way im happy for the progress felix. I hope you continue to have fun on Youtube
finally got brofist, im crying now
god-like youtuber veteran we love you pewdiepie
Pewdiepie is grand daddy of youtubers and is rightfully so
Man those headphones look way too big.
good to know ure doing what u want instead of what you think you should do for ur audience, thats a nice glow up, we can see ure enjoying life lately and we are glad!
Kk
We love you felix! Dont Quit
What's wrong mrbeast says hahaha
I'm fine with this all ending.
Do you feel like your dedication and obsession with youtube at the time is part of the reason your channel became so successful?
I have been watching PewDiePie since like 2015. I'm not an original follower but for a long time he has become a normal part of my life. I may not be as closely following as I used to but I always come back to check in on him and see how he's doing. As long as he posts I'll always come back. And maybe even when he stops I'll be back to visit. Thanks for riding out the messy wave of YouTube for so long.
You're a legend bro. If you quit or not. You still touch our life in some point. You gave me joy on those videos, your content were one of my stress relief in past years and now you are one of the people that I respect and giving inspiration to strive harder in life to achieve my goals. I feel like we grew up together being young and dumb to old and wise. If the day come that you will finally quit. I am sure you will be missed.  👊
I think we are lucky to even see part of your current life in Japan. It is true that everyone has different tastes and reasons why they subscribed to you. But the reason why most people stay through the changes is because you showed us your growth and we also grew with you. You are genuine and nice. We are happy to see you happy.
love you felix, thanks for the decade of content, whatever you do the bro army will support chu in ur venture
these videos are my favorite kind. I honestly wasn't a big fan of the drama and meme reviews, so I'm really happy with the direction you're moving towards.
It makes me wanna cry the fact that one day he will stop uploading but i am going to be a stoic and just be happy that it happened . This man made my childhood great !
Pewds, no matter where you end up. You'll always be GREAT
I grew up with you, been following since nightmarehouse 2, the absolute best friend i had when i went trough tough times being alone in school, was you, and i have never even met you.   Im sure i am talking for many of us when im saying that you will have a lifelong support, whatever you decide to do i life, thank you Felix, for everything you have shared and for everything you have done, im here forever.
Not gonna lie, he got us in the first half.
just random videos of your life in Japan would be an awesome content... take it easy now pewds!! enjoy it with wifey!
pewds, the meme reviews & pew news were not shallow. I still love watching those videos because they always bring joy to look back on you commentating on stuff that was relevant at the time
Waffle headphones
Just listening starting this video my first thought was telling you how much I love you but looking at the comments, the truth is we all do hahaha and it doesn't matter what you do I think most of us are here because of you, who you are and what you have done for us. We'll keep doing the brofist as long as you are <3
Aw yay! We'll always love and support you Felix no matter what you do!
Love you dude. See you at the next family reunion
Never leave. You're our content slave. Dance monkey danceeeeee!!!!
Pewds just do you :) seeing you enjoying life etc is so wonderful, im like not a fan of Japan(i also dont hate it) but i love all of these videos, love seeing the world through your videos :D
Bro how about you try cod or codm may be how if you are feeling I will go as far as saying play fortnight it will help with view don't play competitive but play for private room or play renk do some thing bro pls I sub to watch game not watching you react PLS PLAY ANY TYPE OF GAME
we love u felix
I still enjoy your videos man. I appreciate the different styles throughout the years and I like taking part in your life through your Videos. You are a genuinely good person and you inspire people generally. Do want you like, we’ll be there 🫶🏻
Just do as you wish, you've totally earned it. I would prefer seeing a video now and then, but there shouldn't be a pressure in doing them.
been here since i was 12 my boy, im 20 now, love you pewds.
just do what ever you want to do pewds! im here because i just admire you and will always enjoy every kind of content you make, even from 9 years ago until now, i will always support you pewds! 🙌🙌
Being rich sounds nice but being famous sounds like it freaking sucks
Bro please dont quit,i know that maybe this comment wont make that much of a difference but when we look at how much growth youve gone through it makes me giddy to see the type of content you can make after being in a state of mind that your comfortable with. How it feels to look at a person and the type of creativity this person can generate after being in a "happy" state of mind its really exciting because personally i think that you will be able to create content that your most happy with.
PLEASE DON’T QUIT YET I’M GONNA CRY IF YOU DO 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
Suffering from success, retiring in his 30's.
do whatever you want pewds we are always here supporting you ❤
i really enjoy you're lifestyle
“He got fun, he got money, what else does he want?” He just wants to be happy…😔   lol
I love the new videos and feel of the channel, always looking forward to the next japan vlog!
Thought this was going to be a plot twist video, that he did retire and we are watching all old videos. 🤣
I find it almost too funny that it says he is playing PewDiePie's tuber simulator below the video
Man I love Pewdiepie.
Every time Pewds posts, I’m happy.
Pleas never quit!!!!!
mic go  "ping"
love the office aesthetics and the brofist pewds
Pewds is easily the most genuine person on YouTube. All of your videos have a purpose, we all can see the care you, Marzia, and sive put into it. I know I don’t know you personally but you still manage to brighten my days when you upload. Thank you Felix !
We love you Pewds, you were a constant part of my life for the past 7+ years and glad to be always inspired by you <3
the best Pewdiepie is always the current Pewdiepie
I was afraid you were announcing you were quitting! Which would totally be your decision to do so obviously, you would just be so missed. I’m enjoying your Japan videos and seeing you and Marzia so happy!  I’ll enjoy your content for as long as you decide to make it ❤️
Don't leave lmao love y
Bro has the best headphones known to man now
I just realized you have the little boy lover symbol on your profile picture
I felt that brofist. Pewds is back
Feeling nostalgic We may lose another legend as we lost our pink guy
i used to watch pewd's in meme review, lyi & minecraft era but after he reaching 100 mil & got married i slowly stop watching his videos but i had so much fun thanks for that felix. i'm JUICER now i enjoy watching other Felix.
You could quit YouTube and become a porn star. Become the biggest Onlyfans channel in the world. I can see it now...
Your content was great back then and it's great right now. Real fans grew and developed alongside you and do enjoy every direction in which you chose to go with your videos! I've started watching you when I was in middle school, now I have a uni degree and 5 y. of working experience behind my back and during those times your content always felt right.  Childish and goofy, edgy and risky, calm and philosophical. Beautiful journey which I am very greatfull of. Lot's of love and respecc from 🇹🇷🇷🇺
Still hoping pewds has a child someday👾
I like the Japan videos
Will always miss water sheep and sven
Thanks for this Felix. Enjoy your life 💖💖
You keep doing you my man!
Pewds is going to be 80 years old, and still going!
I'm loving the Vlogs! Keep doing what your doing & so long as your on YouTube I know that I will keep watching :D
This has been like growing up along side you, i dont want you to go, but obviously you cant do thks forever, i dont blame you for wanting to quit, really its an inevitability, but im glad i could watch you grow and laugh along with you along the way
Love new you... dont really care about japan stuff but I still support you :D Never leave forever... please give us updates every now and then.... We grew up with you.
Nice
Do YouTube boxing and fight ksi
My prefered videos are the ones that you love to do Pewds, watching your videos while I work on my stuff is so relaxing either it's a horror video or vlogs, I just love it very much ❤❤
Just keep doing what makes you happy 🌸
Thanks for staying pewds.
we'll just keep watching, while you just keep living :D
He got 111M subscribers and inspired famous youtubers including one with 104M subscribers.
You definitely do not owe anyone any type of explanation for decisions you've made especially regarding your channel and its purpose now. However I really do appreciate you making this video and just speaking your mind honestly to us. You have grown so much and I've been watching you from start to now. It's been an absolute pleasure watching you mature and grow over the years.  I'm very thankful you still upload videos and continue to put a smile on my face. I've been loving the new vlog style content but regardless of what you post I will always be here to support it!!   Cheers pewds and I hope you have a blessed last quarter of 2022!!
Do what you feel is best for you and your future. Even if it means stopping YouTube completely all we need to know is that you’re living life to the best.
and we're still here enjoying what you share, it's distraction to let loose, which as senaca said, sometime is necessary. see you in a while man
We want vlogs please
Okay but real question, why don’t you spend your money time and energy now helping those in need? Such as homeless or mentally I’ll? You can literally do ANYTHING with your time and money so why no focus on helping other more?
*Интересный факт: когда приходит уведомление "У вас новый подписчик" я так радуюсь, дай бог тебе здоровья и твоим родителям!!* ❤
The best leaders are the one that don't want the role. You deserve the best.
Mate, as long as you're loving what you're doing there's a massive chance that your audience will love it too. The content is a big part but we've always been here because we like you and what you do with the content. You're a legend in everything you do 💜
i don't want you to quit. i love your japan vlogs. i love you. i love marzia. please never leave unless you really need or want to. pls
He's a good boy. Always has been.
Bro do you read all these comments?
Loving the Japan content, keep it going!!!
King 🎖
It’s crazy it’s been 10 years already, from my teenage years to now soon to be 25, you have lived the dream and still living it in life, keep it casual going
Do whatever you want.But pls get back on minecraft series
9 year old army, Forever.
i love u sm
Noice
can you make a video about how you learn Japanese or their reactions to your Japanese? wish u the best
Pewdiepie>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
03:26 What kinda bad habits, like coke and hoes?
Mf really picked the comment with 0 likes the fuck
You do you Felix. Enjoy life with your beautiful family.
Honestly, You've done everything a content creator would want to do and reach on this platform. Seeing how far you've gotten and how big you've become in all these years is a wild ride I'll keep on being aboard till the end. Right now you just have to make the most of it and have fun like you always do. Enjoy life and its blessings, Felix. You deserve it.
Since 2016 you been my favorite you are still my favorite
Become a pro valorant streamer
I'm glad that you've overcome burnout and are still around because you want to be. Art and entertainment is so strange. I will look out for your videos as long as you have a channel.
I love seeing this, like my man grew mature and wise now. We love you Pweds (and darling Marzia). Enjoy your newfound life in Japan ❤️
Glad that you're not leaving for good Pewds.  I've been watching your videos for a good part of the 10 years and as weird as it may seem, I like your content best when I can sense your genuine interest in the topic (japan vlog, fitness, and book reviews come to mind).
I'm glad you're here Felix. I love your wisdom and humor
*I think if PewDiePie left youtube, youtube would cease to exist.*
Make a video in drain gang i know you want to
Most genuine "big name" dude on the platform, will always have my support no matter what happens to the channel! 😁
shut you sweed and get me hotdog :) love you
I remember being deterred by Pewdiepie as I figured he was another cringe YouTuber but let a video auto-play one time and never looked back. I like the new age of natural feeling content creators where they are successful enough to feel like they can be themselves, it keeps me coming back now as an adult.
eyyyy, we have the same headphones <3
the end of a well lived era. keep doing your thing king
I've really liked the japan videos. I have wanted to see japan but i dont think i will ever have the time or money to do so and this is a great alternative. Its like im there with him.
You earned it bud!
Dadgum, where can I get those headphones?
You've raised me more than my parents did.
Times change and so do we. It's stupid to tell you to retire because they are stuck in the past..
Loving the once a week videos. I can actually keep up and it's content I'm interested in. A game upload would be nice, but wait for the right game.  Ps. Give kite boarding a go it's awesome.
I remember watching PewDiePie and Cinnamon Toast Ken when they were both single lol
I didn't watch the video, but I bet the answer is Money!
I feel like I grew with the content you made over the years. When I was really into happy wheels, you we're playing it, when I had a tough time growing up and becoming an adult I still could watch pewdiepie cus all your content just got more mature as I matured. Thank you for the great videos over the many years :p Best wishes bro ;)
luv ya cya
Ily pewds😭
You are already so successful that there is no point in stressing over anything. You have everything you could have ever wanted so I think the best thing to do is live out the rest of your life enjoying yourself and doing whatever you feel is fun.
You're my family now bro, if a week has passed and I see no video uploaded from you, I feel like there is something wrong. Keep up the good work. Sincerely I enjoyed every goddamn content you had. I'm from Haiti, your humour and videos helped me a lot to learn English and some Swedish words. Jävla fan lol Thanks once again.
the thing is people move on, change interests, etc. so what matters the most is you do what you like. I personally haven't been watching every video but i'ts still nice to watch your videos from time to time or whenever i can
With all due honestly, I knew this had been exactly what's in your mind, I was just waiting for you to find the right time to tell us. I'm so excited to see how the future looks for you! And for me... I also love your new headphones.
We all grew up together Pewds, we're along for the ride and learning together.
❤️
In a way, by not being satisfied with yourself, you always keep trying new stuff. Instead of just being yourself, you were in a path of finding yourself and changing. I'm glad that's all recorded, because we all got to change with you as well. Me and others will always be here as long as we want to keep following this journey with you. Thanks for everything Felix!
Wholesomeness : Through the roof
That's Pog
Japan need some war and Chaos
It’s not the certain type of content that draws me, it is the certain person! I’ve been here for 10 years, and it was so much fun growing and shaping myself along with you! I’m just happy seeing that you really enjoy your life! And I’ll be here for the every new upload no matter how long it will take! Thank you for all these years, have fun in Japan!
I know what you need to do in Japan, Journey Across Japan 2000km cycling😂
You literally already beaten the game and now just enjoying doing sidequest in life. You've done your grind, gave all the hard work and made it so far that it made you a symbol of success. Enjoy the fruit of your labor, you deserve it.
Felix you need to do whatever you feel is best for you and Mariza in life. You don't owe anyone anything and you've been a huge part of the platform for so many years. Do what makes you happy.
i would like to see felix still doing pewdievlogs when hes 60. and btw, Bring back jojivolgs
I love you, pewds! I watched you when I was 12, now I'm 22. It feels surreal that it had been so long, but for every year I had spent watching you, I enjoyed all of it. The change in content doesn't matter. Will support you through and through 👊🏻
I love your videos, no matter the kind of content because YOU are the same person in everyone of them. I learnt a lot from you and i genuinely consider as my elder brother. Your videos make my day better while makes my week better which makes my month better.....your videos make my life better. I enjoy them a lot. I genuinely love your videos and i hope you do what you enjoy to do. Just so you know, whatever you chose, i will still love you.
Felix promise us you will never leave YouTube even a video a month will be enough for us, but please never think about leaving YouTube 🥺
As a long time viewer of your's, I am glad to hear you are returning to what made youtube fun for you. That is when your content truly shined in my opinion. Can't wait to see what you put out Felix.
Bring the philosophy videos back! You get to learn something and so do we! Unironically loved the educational videos over everything!
応援してる！
Headset name?
it's selfish for me to say that and it's totally up to you, but I don't wanna see you quit youtube, you and your channel been huge deal in my life I'm glad you are enjoying YouTube again 😊
Respect bro
The king will always be the greatest
That Brofist will always have a soft spot in my 23 year old heart
I have always enjoyed watching you as a creator rather than the content itself (ofc content make me haha) I've been watching since I was soo young its been yonky years, its a specific type of comfort that your videos bring that I know many can relate to. There's countless times throughout the years where I've just lett a video play in the background as I fall asleep 🤷‍♀️. What im getting at is, no matter what new style vid you create, no matter when it "comes out", I'll always be here, excited to watch whatever Felix is up to and its always been that way, wouldn't change it :) always do you thats why I'm here to begin with ❤ also your humour lol can't forget that.
Still love whatever content he pulls..EVEN WHEN ReTIRED....just vibing
You know what, upload when you want, what you want. Dude, Ive see your videos for the past 10 years and I'm so glad you're having fun with making videos again, and having fun not just with that but living your life outside of making videos. You keep doing you and be yourself! 👊
Pewds, all we want is for you to be happy.
Wow. This video looks nice. I know that someday this will end. And that's okay. Sure I'll be sad about it because there is no the next thing but it's alright. We come, do and then, we go. Love ya pewds. Last time I said that was probably in 2016/2017. I never thought today would come. But here we are. Just enjoy.
it's so cool and wisely that you do whatever you want, cause other youtubers, franchises and etc loosing themselfs when trying to please followers. And you being you, that's why we love you!
pliss continue your minecraft videoss
Sigma
My husband and I always go back to your earlier vlogs - we love that format and have been enjoying your videos in Japan! Thanks for sharing w us!!
would still love to see you play magic the gathering on your channel
👊🏽
I LOVE YOU
kinda weird but you've been such a big part of my life now and I'm really happy that you are still on youtube
I've hardly watched Pewdiepie but I have mad respect for him. He crawled his way to where he was and went through trials and tribulations to do what he wants. The amount of hoops Felix has to jump through to make sure a video won't give him backlash, just to continue doing what he wants to do is honorable. And trhough it all why wouldn't anyone else want to quit
It might sound quite silly but around like 2,000 subscribers I stopped really caring about growth as much. I just realized it's so much fun not trying to please the YouTube algorithm, and just doing whatever.
I liked the old content, but I love the new one! No pressure, keep it coming if that's what you like. I totally understand you and I'll be grateful for what you'll share with us. For me the Japan videos and from time to time the funny ones (with Ken) is the perfect content for me. So thank you.
Are those speakers on his head
This was so eloquently put. I do enjoy your metamorphosis of the channel
Brofist!
I do youtube mainly to pass the time but seeing where you started is a nice little reminder that we all have to start somewhere.
To be fair, even now I wasn't as active as I used to on checking your videos, Pewds. But when I do, the vibes is still there. It's like some thing change but nothing truly changed, if that makes sense.
You are 2 young to retire. Ramp it up. Start your own non profit or something to help others.
This makes me happy. Ive been an on and off viewer for a long time. Of course I prefer some content over other stuff but I never felt let down. The new stuff is the same as the rest of the content in that it's genuine. I love the Japan vlogs but if they change in the future I'll still be here watching.
New camera and setup look awesome
Ayyy let's go!!!!! upload whatever you want to create pewds , literally shed a joy tear🥲, this just throwing me back to my old past, it's been a fun ride since the very fisrt time I clicked that subscribe button, thanks for this whole 9 year of journey❤
love ❤️
Daaaaaang. That BroFist hits different. Keep enjoying, Felix. You deserve it.
We enjoy when you enjoy
I have been watching your channel since the Amnesia gameplays time. I haven't been watching it constantly since then, but every now and then I came back and it is always so good to see all you've achieved over the years. Thank you for making content to this day, pewds! As I said, even though I am not a regular viewer anymore, it is always good to come back! As long as you are happy making content for us, we will be watching!
i thought u quit and u just record your self surfing internet for 10min daily or 1 hour weekly...
I have been watching his/your videos since I was in highschool and I'm a working adult now.  Early on it was just pure entertainment and content binging but I just realised that it's just this person's voice and how he lives his life that inspires, motivates me and gives me joy.
didn't*
God created you to make Happy Wheels content, don't give up on your purpose!
We should be grateful to youtubers like Felix ( PewDiePie ) and Boris  (life of Boris) who are retired but still upload videos once every while for there fans.
I DONT BELIEVE YOU GOT 111 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS LEGIT i know you can buy them
this does put a smile on my face
juega chimeraland
❤️
👋🏼
This is the best Pewdiepie era
imagine in an alternate universe where pewds is woman and marzia is a man. They would be FELIXA & MARZIAN
Bro, I'm just here to watch videos you make. I'm not here for vidoe games or Japan or anything like that. I watch your videos because you! so do what brings you joy, and we will be here to support you witch ever way you go
ofc you can do what ever you want, as a fan of yours i support you in which ever way you want to go.
Please keep it up, I love your videos man
Been watching since 2016. from college till graduation. Thanks for not quitting. I don't wanna feel old
You and Marzia are amazing. This new chapter of your life is one of the most wholesome and awesome. I see that you two are happy, doggies are ok, everything is ok and it's joyful, and all of that is reflected in your videos, this is the best content by far. I really appreciate it, so keep going until you decide to close this chapter of your life. You are doing great!
Please don't ever quit
Japan vlogs r it
Just do what you love bro. You're already a legend in my eyes
Do what you want I’ve been watching for a decade and I could see real joy is certain projects that you enjoyed creating even if they didn’t preform well. Make content that you think is cool. But also bring back book review you got me into a lot of awesome books through the series.
You're an inspiration for millions❤️
Felix needs to start a podcast
Ive been enjoying the chiller vibe and the vlogs and I'm glad that you are happy and looking forward with your channel :)
Do what feels good for you. If this means quitting, quit. If this means vlogging about Japan, vlog about Japan. Life is too short to worry about arbitrary internet numbers, do whatever makes you happy. I love playing games and showing gameplays online (despite yt doing its best to bury my content), for example, but everyone's different and you should do what makes you happy, whatever that may be.
I think we should be happy with what you upload, and i like your Japan flogs 😀. Learning alot for my trip in the future. Be you :)
Start a NGO!!
Yo good for you or sorry for your loss or whatever but get some new headphones god damn
Thank you pewds for still enjoying making videos for us! After a decade of growing up with your videos I'm glad you're living your japanese dream!
plot twist: Felix killed pewdiepie and moved to japan to cover it up
I’ll be honest, I’ve enjoyed watching your retirement arc!
We love u ❤  do whatever you want to do
I’m just glad Pewds is still with us.
You should do powerwash pals with mark, yall would have a really good episode together
BROOO FUCK THOSE GUYS! NEVER LEAVE US. Also is math related to science🤔
Love you pewds! Keep doing what you feel like doing, and what makes you happy.
Been a fan since 2014 and will always be one <3
you should get into disc golf, it’s probably the most positive and easy to get into hobby out there
Pewds is still considered the unofficial king of YouTube in my and many eyes.  Do what makes you happy,  you've more than earned it and your fans won't go anywhere.
No matter what you do, I'd still support you as I've always been. I've been watching you since 2011(I was 12 at the time) and I enjoyed every video you shared with us and I'm sure I'll enjoy the videos you'll share in the future as well. I still continue to never miss a single video you upload. I've been enjoying the Japan vlogs too! I feel like I'm exploring Japan with you and Marzia. I'd like to say that you inspire me a lot and your videos make my day better. I know many people say this to you but you played a big part in my life and your videos saved me back then when I had my darkest days. Much love to you, Marzia, Maya, and Edgar!! ❤
Pewds seriously just went to the grey havens
You're growing up Pewds, we all are 😊
I just havnt watched in awhile because the Japan videos really make me feel like I'm so behind in life. I'm 20 but i hate my job, going to school and where I live.  But I'm dependent on my family, if I quit school then I'm homeless. Dating is hard for me because I'm a lil dork so that doesn't bug me but everything else?   I feel like when I watch your Japan video it's like watching everything I'll never have. But hey, damn proud of you homie. I've been watching for YEARS ever since I was a wee lad. Keep it up broski
That brofist made me cry bro. Amazing human being and a big inspiration
Don't quit felix
Youtube wants to be all about brands and wants his creators to be just marketing tools, I`m really glad you still genuine yourself after all these years. Simply do real life, money can`t buy everything, share your real thoughts and you will always find people who respects you not for your numbers. Go Poods! Real supporter from Brazil! Come to visit!
To be honest i prefer the current pewds than what he was in the past dont get me wrong it was fun back then and i loved how he was at that time but hey he is still pewdiepie and even if he really does quit someday i eont ever unsub
2:20 yeahs going for 20years chads all time record of 0 deaths
What ever you do man... we will be there for you!  Suggestion: A really liked your book reviews. Maybe you could do ones from Japanese authors? Heard that "No Longer Human" was a good one.  Anyway, you do you boo!
I love the vlogs   😁
I’m loving your new content! Just add Marcia more!
this is rlly lame to say but he’s at 111 mil subscribers and the angel number 111 means new beginnings and a fresh start so i thought that was pretty cool to point out
the problem of being at the top👑
I still love bro fisting my screen every time the video ends. Never gets old.
Still waiting for the baby Felix.🤓
Gaming week when ????
i'd love if pewdiepie keep doing videos with ken, even if they watch boring stuff, but i love seeing them having fun at the same time, hope they will still does what they always did
Just join trash taste podcast   Life will be better  Chainsawman and Bleach is going to go crazy  And over there the trash taste community will open up their arms for you
Please don’t quit. These videos bring some happiness to people. The frequency of videos doesn’t matter
2022 Pewdiepie is my favourite Pewdiepie. I love what the channel and community has been and morphed into over the years, but seeing Felix this happy and learning to be at peace with himself and what decisions he makes for his own happiness is the greatest thing I think anyone could hope for in everyone. This is a journey to true comfort and happiness and whatever he chooses to share with us and when he decides to do that is the perfect content and perfect time.
Japan vlogs are the best
We’re enjoying the Japan Arc Felix!
Love you bro
I get what you're saying Felix. I used to run a YouTube channel with 200k subscribers and at first it felt like a hobby but as your channel grows, more and more people expect more from you to the point where you're worrying everyday about when the next upload will be and how should I do it this time. I stopped it and chose my own happiness because I wasn't enjoying it anymore, it felt like a chore instead of a hobby that you enjoy. If I continued down that path would I be successful? Maybe, but would I be happier? Absolutely not. It's mentally exhausting.
As long as pewds is happy I’m happy 🥹🫶
this video was really needed. But yes we want pew news back
The japan vlogs are my personal favorite from pewds
You enjoy your life bro! We understand!
@pewdiepie I actually started watching your Videos again since you moved to Japan.  I didnt really watch for like 3 years but came back to your channel. I adore your Love and Effort for these Videos because you seem to really like what you are doing.  Amazing, keep it up.
The shallowness was the exact reason i loved those videos like meme review and pew news. Finally a chill funny video that i dont have to care about to escape from day to day shit like college or socialising or whatever
Love to see the channel and you grow in different ways!!
Can anyone tell me what headphones he is wearing?
I think a vlog style- Day in the Life of Edgar (Japan Edition) video might be fun to make and fun to watch
nah, bro, I understand breaks but quitting hell Nah I need your new chill content, it won't even matter about hit content, ur vlogs are so chill and entertaining plus I get to see japan from your pov
Pewds need to realise his subscribers are also growing with him... We also would not prefer you doing things that you did in the past... Just chill brother
Love you 😍
We love the Japan vlogs! Can't wait for what you have next. No matter what it is.
pls dont go :(
Don't retire. Delete your channel. New Game+ is the best youtube. (don't actually do this)
Don’t even quit
Thank you for sharing your journey with us 💗✨💫
Chill out and live your life Pewds. Whatever you do and choose, we'll be here.
Goofy
if this man quits youtube imma cry.
brofist <3
I've been here since Friday with PewDiePie, but I haven't watched all of your content, but I've love most of the content you have made. The reason I'm still here is because you are really funny and sweet guy with lots of ideas. I've loved watching your Japan vlog and I hope you and Marzia is having a great time in Japan, and you keep doing what makes you happy <3
Phew, what a relief. I thought your "quitting" means stop making videos and stuff, idk it's kinda sad if you really had to quit, especially if that "quit" is like I just said.
Enjoy life brother!
Pewds the GOAT no cap
Have fun in Japan Felix!! You deserve it 💕 personally- I love to see the changes over the years, and I’m glad you’re having fun again! We’ll always be along with you for the ride!
People are going to appreciate whatever you decide to make… just please dont stop. Your loyal subscribers love Felix the guy, not Pewdiepie the channel, so content genre shifts is totally alright with us.
Pewds is the reason i enjoy watching youtube, even through hard times i always enjoy felix..    Thanks felix, and im so happy you didnt quit!! !
I just realised I haven't wacthed your videos for about 3 years... And after all this time you finally re-apeared on my front page. What did I miss?
I don't want you to quit. Not fully. Once a month is fine just don't dissappear
Legitimately, the way you’re leading this channel and how you plan to continue it is IDEAL. I wouldn’t ask for antthing else
You have more than made it anyways. Just do whatever. I haven't been watching your videos for years but it's mostly that I used to be a young kid that enjoyed the goofy swedish guy, but now I see a man shouting at a camera. Even the occasional "philosophy" or book review is very superficial and other people do them more justice. Thanks for the years of laughs and live a happy life!
Felix I just hope you live a happy life :)
just, yes dude :)
do you like making japan vlogs ?
Pewbs. Since the crash of the meme market, your interest in the Internet. Has seemed to completely go down. Good for you, champ. Let's take the internet out of our front pocket and put it in our back pocket. <(^_^)>-{[==={ REMEMBER THIS LITTLE GUY!?}==>
Glad you did not quit!
'' somethings never change '' just hits right in the kokoro
I am so happy that you’re continuing but if you’re stopping, I wanna be there to witness it too. Pewds is a youtube legend at this point, not just a youtuber.
My heart actually dropped when he was talking about quitting.........but I am so so happy that he is not.......we r also having so much fun watching vlogs and it just relax our mind from all the day's stress and everything. <3.
just upload when you feel like it
hi bro can you teach me how to be successful on YouTube channel :')
All I ask, is for the occasional Reddit Review.
Legit teared up after that brofist
This video despite the vlogs being the same, it just felt like we were visiting outside family and that family member you haven't seen for a year or so also comes in sane day, and it's a fun wholesome short reunion.
I don't know if you'll ever leave, YouTubes kinda like a hobby for ya from my point of view.
Pls
The absolute unit of character development!! Do not quit now, your current thing is what I'm here for 😀
Do not quite
Does any one know what kind of head phone those are?!
based
where the fuck is that MAHHAAAAAAAAAA when you brofist i dont feel the same
Nice headphones pewds
You cant please 111M people, so do what makes you happy! Im really enjoying this new style of videos you’ve been posting :) we get to grow with your channel like we always have
Love you Pewds ❤️❤️ doesn’t matter what people want it’s what you want my bro. Thanks for always being the genuine CG I’ve always known you to be. No cap you’ve been a part of my life in a way for so long my grandchildren are gonna know who you are lol. Much love Felix and Marzia!  Ya Friendly Kiwi Homie
At This point we watch you for you and your personality, I’d watch whatever you’d put out. Good shit pewds
I remember when my boyfriend (now my husband) used to watch Pewds like 5 years ago  I’d say wow he’s annoying can you turn that down so I don’t have to hear him. But then he was watching like pew news or something and I was interested and then I saw Minecraft and meme reviews and now I wait everyday for his uploads!
Man just enjoy life. Your 2 babies are getting old, enjoy your time with them to the fullest. 🧡 Youtube will always be here, share what you want and don't be forced.
Whatever is the most comfy to pewds honestly, just happy to see his content ^ ^
become a music producer like joji after he quit being filthy frank, or become an actor. Peers could definitely pull off acting
4:37 you never got the bitches and Gold teeth?
One piece Ep update pls and tell us how much you are enjoying it!
beastmaster 64
I really appreciate that he still uploads ❤
يخي احبك
Okay, Growth 👏👏👏
When you get his Opera GX advert before the video
I’m so glad you’re making videos. I’m not a huge fan of vlogs but I’d rather be able to watch you talk about stuff and be happy about it than have you upload nothing at all or something you’re just doing for the algorithm.   More YouTubers need to realize that at the end of the day people subscribe for their content AND personality. If they are genuine and positive on videos people care less what the content is.  Thanks for everything pewds. Seeing you happy always makes my day a little better.
:)
pewdiepie could uploaded once a month and the bros would still for surely be here  ! if he chooses to retire it would be a choice well earned n
I admit that I miss some of the old PEWDIEPIE in the past few years, without the controversy. At the same time, Felix has worked so hard to get to the point he is currently at with a few bumps on the road (to say lightly). That it is probably a good time for him to enjoy life. Take care and be safe out there.
Mr beast better not beat you in subscribers! He better not!
Keep being yourself. Thx for everything you share.
Your new chapter when you are in Japan is amazing I really love your new you that you are showing. Please continue to upload new videos and keep been yourself because this is what I love in this channel!
Yes love it this is great glad your enjoying yourself
everybody talking about such amazing things in the comment section and i'm here like  heh *clang*
PewDiePie is the good """end""" of a YouTube career
😭😭😭 I LOVE YOU FELIX
Bro don’t quit we love what you’re doing 👊🏼
You're welcome bro Edit: OMG THE BROFIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIST
If you quit, one thing I wouldn't miss? All the rediculous zoom cuts and jump cuts. Still enjoy the channel if I do not actually look at it. It's time to stop!
I seriously glad he didn't give up, when now
Been here when you started horror games so many great memories to look back on. Even now love seeing you enjoying Japan and seeing you having the tine of your life.
PewDiePie, you, markiplier, countless of other youtubers has paved the way in youtube for an eternity. Your impact here will always be appreciated!
It’s great seeing you reflect on where you’re at. Keep enjoying Japan ^=^
Good for you man
Been watching you since 2015 and I'm more than ok with this. Just enjoy yourself and make the videos you wanna make.
do what you want to do, as long you enjoy it, we enjoy it
You know your fanbase isn't hungry for content anymore (atleast I'm not). It's alright and all good as long as you're enjoying what you're doing. Just don't quit... Even if you upload like once a month or even lesser.. it's completely fine!😃 And this Japan chapter of your life feels great as a viewer...really...💯
Sangat bagus videonya ...suka sekali
Love it man!!!
I like your Toyota.
since moving to Japan it feels like were watching the epilogue arc of the pewdiepie entity
If you quit we won’t see sives shitty shitty memes
One day will come where all major YouTubers we grew up with will move on. Will be a sad day.
Can't relate, obviously but I will say what you are saying makes total sense. Maybe the upbringing arc is finished but you can and still bring wonders to the world with your channel. Keep it up!
For Pewds, the word "quit" = "restart."
You are the end game of Youtube channels, thanks for letting me see what a youtube sage look like.
Prolly should
happy Felix is happy bros
The new way is fun. Pewds looks a lot more genuine and fun in his videos. when a new video drops its like a treat and you never know what the video is gonna be abou
It's been really cool watching you grow up while I grew up too. Now I'm 38, what happened 😀
Well I mean 111 million subscribers, at that point you can say you're doing youtube for numbers' sake hahah very fortunate guy but also it's because you're a hard worker and good at heart, which people see that. At this point, just do it till your funeral. You'd be the biggest and the first guy to live a full youtube life.
I love the vlogs, I love the gaming, and I love the reactions too. It doesn’t matter what you do. Just do you bro.
.
2022 Japanese pewdiepie....  Calm,Collected and most of all being a good husband...👍🗣️🤌
Christ gives me a comfort that my life and my accomplicements here on earth are not in vain, but are for a bigger purpose in Gods kingdom. The pointlessness of life I feel no more. For what shall it stand to profit a man if he gains the whole world, but in the end loses his soul. Don't go for fame and glory here on earth. Go for christ. Repent of your sin and put your trust in Him, that he led the perfect life for you and died for your sins and took your punishment.  ''On Guard'' by William Lane Craig. A great read for those searching for the truth. GOD BLESS YOU FELIX
Does this mean you’ll be a dad soon? Are y’all having kids?? 😌😌😌😌
Nice talk Felix can we get Minecraft Survival again from beggining bc there is so much cool stuff
You did the hard work that paid off! Cheers to what an early retirement looks like
he renewed his contract
Don't quit!!!!!
E
Since YouTube removed the dislike button, I’ve been using the view-to-like ratio to access the feedback on videos. Usually a 10 to 1 ratio is regarded as excellent (e.g 1000 views, 100 likes).  As at the time of this comment, this video has about 330k views and 130k. That’s roughly a 3:1 view-like ratio. Super impressive 👏
Japan era got me hooked. So raw and intimate. Super chill 🫰🏽
I'm so glad he's enjoying his life rn
Still here, do whatever you like and im gonna watch anything you upload even if its once a year once a month still gonna watch it.
Pewds is the GOAT
I’ve loved all of your vlog uploads! Also those are the dopest looking headphones ever
you left?
i really enjoy the content you have put out and i still enjoy what you put out there. the changes are natural and im just happy seeing the content you are putting out now <3
Retire if you wish, you've done more than enough for all of us and we'll never forget you whether you stay or go.
Just keep doin you man. It brings me peace knowing I’m watching genuine content from the creator rather than just pushing out vids for views n stuff. Love ya pewds, always have n always will
I love the Japan vlogs because Japan is my number 1 place to go but I don’t have the money to do so. I like them cause this gives me the feel of going at least.
I love retired Felix. Post whatever and whenever, we'll all watch and enjoy it.
Keep doing what you're doing,  life is ever changing
One of my few childhood you tubers who hasn’t changed (in a good way) who’s always been funny and consistent
you doin fine Pewds!!
Really heartwarming to hear this from Pewds! Some things never change indeed, and while you've grown, we've grown with you! Keep doing what makes you happy, cause that's what you'll be treasuring in the times ahead o7
Japan really did feel like the endgame and I know it would be bittersweet for you decide to leave YouTube. At the end I'm happy for you to continue doing what you love and you've come so far and we support you!
You've grown to become one of the biggest You Tube channels, one of the biggest personalities, attained wealth, a happy family, confidence, safety and now you were left with one last step - self actualisation. You've been climbing Maslow's hierarchy of needs and finally you've reached the final stage that many people never end up reaching and I'm glad you've done so whilst making so many people happy along the way. I'm proud of you for admitting how you actually feel about your old content and how it was fun at certain stages whilst it lasted but now you want to move on to a new stage in your life (hence the move to Japan). All the best Pewds, you have a lot to learn but I believe you will get there!!
HEY WHO CARES WE THE LOVERS JUST LIKE WHAT YOU DO YOU ARE AT THIS POINT JUST A PART OF OUR LIFE,JUST LIKE ALL THE CHILDHOOD MEMORIES SO JUST DO WHATEVER,WE WILL KEEP FOLLOWING AND BRO-FISTING YOU
I still remember the first video i saw from you, it was a horror game called Cry of Fear. I remember it because of the Swedish police cars that you pointed out multiple times, good times.
No Razor headphones ?
Yes! Just want to keep seeing your face.
Yes! Pewds, do what you want to do. That's what most of us are here for anyway 😁
God bless this man for making future choices as a #1 YTr
If I could choose your content it would be the one that make me laugh, which were some meme videos, and I think making people laugh is also important as other video with good point would be, but sure I get what you're talking about and you should do whatever you feel like you would enjoy doing
You do you buddy
I feel the same way about this channel as I do musicians. I expect them to evolve and change over time.
Literally just one video every 2 weeks would be fine
Started watching every single video from Pewds since first day in college(like 15 years ago), made through some hard times, still here while I work as a legit engineer. Lets keep on goin, cheers.
Ive been watching pewdiepie for almost the last 10 years and it's almost surreal to see how much has changed over the years. I understand and respect the path Felix is going down but it's still sad to see a legend start to fade away... the harsh reality of growing up is things are always gonna change and sometimes not for the better, all a person can do is keep their head up and hope for the best.
Can I have your channel or give it Connor
Brofist 🥺
i think it's been so clear since you've been doing your japan videos that you are having such a lovely time there and i actually feel super lucky that you're even willing to share that with us. watching you and marzia live a good life makes for really good content :)) gives me hope that i might be able to do that too one day
Welcome back pewds 🫡🫡🫡
Honestly if pewds did quit yt it would feel so empty like a good time of my days are watching you and I grew up watching and it has always felt special since I’m also Swedish’s. Plus it’s a lot In a 14-15 years old person life and having someone to watch is very nice
Headphones or waffle iron? You decide
Would you ever go to tsushima Island in japan?
Best pewds
“Expecting a certain type of content.”  Me: over here hoping for another book review…
Imma be watching regardless of what you upload let's be honest
I feel the "Stuck" part
I absolutely love the vlogs
been watching since day 1 bro seen you grow also your content from happy wheels to moving to Japan crazy
Thank you for keeping in touch with us and all the content you have made, but remember to think about yourself in the first place and no matter what you will decide, it will be completely understandable! :)
Pls dont quit 😭😢😭 IF you quit i have No youtuber that i like 😭😢
Beaver and pewdie are in Japan now
The "what" is not the reason why i keep coming back, I come back for the vibes.
I still want to know the continuation of Minecraft hardcore, honestly.  but I'll always respect your decision no matter what
pewds,  if you make vlogs: I'll watch if you make Minecraft: I'll watch if you make reviews: I'll watch basically whatever you make: I'll watch you are a major part of my life, you make me smile. so, thank you.
You truly are a good boy 🍪
I will never forgive you for having such a bad taste in food and being so picky, jk we love u
Keep living your best life my dude!
pewdiepie is the tom brady of youtube
I'm so glad pewds won't quit!
I'm not as big a fan of the new stuff but I never felt "let down" by pewds switching gears. If anything it makes me happier to know that he's doing what he wants rather than following an algorithm.
Been watching you forever and through many transformations of your channel and I think that is the best part and likely why 111M are still subbed: the content changes with you. It is absolutely your time to enjoy with Marzia the rewards of your many years of work with this channel. The occasional spontaneous video or life update is always appreciated. Be safe surfing! Have fun in the moment and make those memories. 👊
Felix… thank you so much. It’s been an awesome wild ride for all of us. The 9 and 19 yr olds will forever support you. 🫡
if he wanted he can do youtube for 10+ years.
Having more of a eastern view of life, grats
Your headphone cable is the wrong way around. Should be red into right :D love the Audezes.
bless,  you do you.
Bro you dont need to
I would be sad if you quit Youtube for real.
Hey Felix, you prolly dont know me because i have not interacted with your videos alot but i watch all of them. But im commenting on this video because i wanted to tell you that you help alot of people out with your videos, like i remember like 9 years ago you had this these videos called fridays with pewdiepie and at the time of those videos i was going through a really rough patch in my life but here i am now because of you and you videos and even in most recent times like ur terraria lets play and your mincraft lets play over the course of covid you did an amazing job on making me and tons of others get through some stuff. and over all i just want to say thank you and i know you have decided you're not gonna quit and I thank you i watch all your videos they are all amazing. and last but not least i just wanted to thank you for all of your time and comitment on youtube to make people you dont even know happy.
Mrbeast is the reason. He's quitting
Don't quit 😂😂 you have alot of life ahead of you. Who knows what projects you may undertake you may wish to share with us. Enjoy your life x
You need to collab w whistlin diesel 😂
Pewds, post what you like and when you like, you always put a smile on our faces. You have fixed your mistakes and proven many wrong. You have many accomplishments, and lots of freedom now. I like the Japan videos and many do as well. Do what you want for fun, youtube is a now at a point where literaly anything can be posted (except the obvious), just don't get yourself canceled.
This is the best content you have made in your whole life, it doesn't have to be any more sophisticated than than just hanging out in Japan having something to eat and looking at stuff. I have a very shitty life, I'm a disabled veteran, I don't have any friends, 12 of them from the Ay died, I don't have any family, never married, no kids, grandparents and father dead. I live alone with my dog in the middle of nowhere. Watching y'all makes me feel like I am out doing something and I feel like I have friends, just for a few minutes.
U look brighter than ever in this vid, idk why
If you don't care about he money, why do you still have frequent sponsor spots? Also I respect the LCD2's!
Even if you upload a 20 min vlog every 2 weeks people will still watch it. It's your personality that keeps fans comenig back. You have matured and so have we, and in doing so togheter, I think us the viewers just like seeing what you've been up to, like checking in on an old friend.
Will support you no matter what
I love the Japan vlogs, please don't stop!
we appreciate the pewds
I personally love and enjoy whatever content you wanna post 😊 The Japan chapter is really nice too
❤️
Hey pewds, where did you move to again?
Mr. Krabs : "I love money"
Personally I love the way the channel is currently. I've always enjoyed the content but the vlogs are so entertaining. I love seeing Felix every once in a while and not the PewDiePie character. It feels a lot more genuine and it's super nice
Pewds waited until he perfected his audio and video quality to take a step back, what a GIGACHAD.
As someone that also watches content of Westerners in Japan(Abroud in Japan, for example) and quite enjoy the new content
you do you!
Our boy is growing up...
Gosh, this channel just rules.  Also, the office set up is great.  Very nice styyyyyyle
Someone got rid of the childish razer headphones for the big boy audio gear, i think planar.
I’m surprised he hasn’t explored the car scene there in Japan
Tops vids but what are you wearing on your head felix? Bongos?
I love the Japan content it's so fun and relaxing. Plus you genuinely seem happy so that's so nice to see! :)
this video is just so wholesome
You can quit when you feel like you want to, we will 100% understand that you have had a fulfilling career here on youtube. No matter what anyone says, we will always know, you will always be the best Youtuber this world will ever know. Good luck in the future Felix.
Loving the Japan vlogs keep em going bro
Pls dont Quit
will always love you and your content felix! super happy with what you’ve done for yourself and the community. as long as you’re happy, we’re happy :))
I feel that it's amazing that you are managing to listen to yourself and grow and overcome many internal struggles Thanks for taking us along and treating us as humons that you can talk to I feel that as long as you are doing what like There will be people that wach Becouse it's hard to hate on a holsome time :D
Mic : dung dung dung dung
What ever the hell u doing PLEASE keep it up
This feels like a very relaxed chapter for the channel and I'm all for it
I would love to see your videos in years and years  when I watch your videos I always get clarity about reality and myself too  believe it or not you’re my one of the idol
wtf are this headphones
I love you pewdiepie, its just beautiful watching you evolve as a content creator and as a person. Much love
Can't wait for ''The Downfall Of Pewdiepie'' videos to pop up on YouTube!
Who said that we want you to quit? Just upload when you want to.
Upload what, when and how you want... I'll be here
Love the content as always pweds
dont you fuckingd dare quit. we need japan vlogs then baby vlogs then family vlogs that's how it goes.
THE GOAT
Bro, I watched you since I started University (2015), now I’m on my third year at my job!
Love you Poods
Pewdie box once atleast
This man is a Legend! We love you pewds ❤️
Congratulations on the Swedish Democrats 2nd place in Sweden.
Respect.
❤️
I'm happy that pewdiepie is just enjoying what he loves at this point. I don't get why people have to try to shit on him so much. He's worked hard for everything he has, and though I may not always choose his videos to watch, I still enjoy them from time to time and i'm just happy that he is happy.
It’s an honor to be here through all the changes! Keep it real!
Aww i got my brofist. Happiness noises
Don’t quit Felix!!!!! ❤️
Those headphones are ridiculous 😂😂
I don't normally comment but dude I love this new Japan theme you have on your videos and I love your channel. As long as you enjoy keep doing it.
0:45 money gives you freedom. no shit felix you feel good now.
Maybe quit [(for fun)] when mr beast over takes you? Like a retirement when someone else can take the weight of the pressure off your shoulders you know
Pewds you shouldn't have to apologize for living the way you want to live, that goes for your chanel too, we love you and will always going to support you no matter what, been watching your chanel since the slenderman videos, keep surfing and doing the things you love <3
Don’t ever quit I wanna see a horror game play through once a year
Man just seeing you makes my day
As long that we get 80 year old special you can take a long break but i hope you still will oploade
I don’t know about you guys, but this has been my favorite era of pewdiepie. I’ve always been a fan, but this feels real and wholesome. I find myself watching every one of his videos that come out. Thank you for setting an example for what it means to be yourself and doing what you love!
THE HEADSET: WHAT ARE THOSE? xD I like it, though
brofist
wood headphones
You have to stay, you’re still YouTube’s opus
Thank you.
Do what you do still love you
Honestly pewds, watching your vlogs where you just lay back and genuinely enjoy life is still amazing to watch.
And we're all terribly glad you're still here, king. Keep doing you, Felix.
Yaaayyyyy!!!! :D
Random: Pewds SLEEP more, eat healthy, exercise GOOD & do some simple skin care.. You look kinda exhausted. Take care brother
No!!!!!
Go get a good sesh!! We can wait, easy.
I don’t get the concept of quitting YouTube for someone like Felix, he’s made videos for fun and if it’s not fun he can just stop or take a break. There’s nothing to quit on YouTube for someone who makes videos for fun and not as a job, if it starts feeling like a job and people start treating him like he’s doing this as a job then that’s a bad sign.
I'm sad 😥 meme review
Plus youtube algorithm has changed a lot so many of veterans try so hard to be see with audience. So its not viewer watch our content that we want to make, but creator need to fill the demand from viewers that is hype at the moment
XYZ...
He just want to sell hot-dog.
What a wholesome video man. Congrats on your achievements 🎉
I just realised. I had a big smile on my face when he said he will still keep making videos
Felix Kjellberg? More like Basedberg
Bro what are those headphones? They look awesome.
You need Truth and Love Felix….. you need Christ
I'm glad the king of YouTube hasn't quit.
I really love the japan vlogs.
@pewds, lets do kids with Marzia)
I've been watching you pewds since I was 12 years old, I'm 20 now for reference.  Some of the things that you said were true to me. I saw the changes in your channel, and that let me down at times because I preferred your previous content (well, I was an immature kid). I loved your horror game playthroughs, 5 weird stuff online, Fridays with Pewdiepie and other content that you released, so it was hard for me at the time to just let go of those. But in time, when you talked about not wanting to do certain things anymore, I understood you. I should say that you being true to yourself helped me grow on some aspect of my way of thinking. Since then, I've been very supportive of everything that you do, and I'm proud that you still stayed despite all of the bullshit that you have gone through because of the journalist baits that were latching onto your name for clicks. You coming out on top of your adversities inspired me to become resilient as well, and also to be consistent of getting into new good habits, and getting my workouts in. Thank you, Pewds! Just keep going and enjoy!
EARLY SQUAD!
I’m so glad that you’re doing YouTube YOUR way.
We love ya Papa pewds ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
i love the back days when i use to watch ur  videos but my life changed horriby and iam stil trying to get my life togather but iam always be a bro forever i folow u in all and marzia in social medias stuff just to support u caz my heart tells me too
I will always be proud of you felix, you grown and changed so much and now look how you become  It really is happy and thrilling to see felix being the most happiest grateful and healthy person 🙏
I love how this channel keeps evolving, and the new content is much more mature and personal. The vlogs are so cozy and chill. I hope you keep making youtube videos for as long as it's fun for you!
this headset looks goofy
This stage of Pewdiepie gotta atleast be top 3 of youtubes most matured people
One piece review
Nice :)
love u dude
You've just became more real over the years, and that's what I respect. Been watching you since like 2012 maybe, the amnesia times, and since those days you just kept doing your thing instead of pandering to the audience. This is great, the flow has been really smooth. Thank you man.
His set, attire and overall demeanor seem more relaxed, in the moment, and mature.
When he fisted me, I felt that
When it makes you happy its ok to make some videos
We were there in your downs and all the bullshit controversy that the media kept cooking against you, we bros are definitely with you thru your choices although you quitting would've made me really really sad as I'm completely into the Japan Vlogs and honestly anything you do at this moment!  Wish you the best! Brofist
I'm glad you're taking a step back and enjoying yourself been a fan back in the horror games days felt like i grew up with you i loved what you do pewds! Ps. THAT  BROFIST MADE ME SO HAPPY I ALWAYS LOVED THE BROFIST AT THE END
Bro I'm enjoying these Japan chapters
just do what you wanna do with your channel, keep doing vlogger stuff.
Genuinely so happy for you, I've been wanting this for a creator like you for such a long time and it's nice to finally see you reach a place of stability and happiness, love ya pewds 👊❤️ thanks for all the memories
Really glad you've realised that, sometimes our mind play some tricks on ourselves, but you can always see it in another point of view, i'm sure that if you do whatever you like you will feel better, and afterall, that's all that matters, to make yourself feel better, great stuff pewds, keep it up!
I'll always be a 9yr old and be part of the "bro army" Do whatever you want Felix!
أقدم محتوى رائعة وتصاميم خرافية  لاكن لا يوجد دعم 😞💔 المشتركين 63                                        الفيديوهات 66
Means you matured and you want to share the things you like now, nothing wrong with that.
I'm just happy to see you're doing what you enjoy doing. After watching your content for all these years, this is what I have enjoyed most. Post credits pewds. Keep doing what you enjoy man. At the end of the day, that's all that matters 👊
Good!
Brofist forever
I love the way you have gone in past two or three years it would be fun for you an us ❤️
What if your child be the new owner of this channel
2015 when I found you I came for the content, but I stayed for the person! Do whatever you want, we'll always support and love you pewds <3
120M bros family next!!!!
Ok but when's the next "pewds does everything"?
Your journey is so awesome and inspiring Felix, I'm glad you just love doing YouTube now, and we love hearing from you.
Things like this perhaps is not a big issue if you already have figured out your way out of YT or at least a plan on how to execute it. Either way there are tons of stuff to consider.  You surely are not ready yet to retire on making content at least in the near future.
I agree about how you think your content became shallow. Sitting around watching funny pictures/videos all the time doesn't seem that rewarding. Glad to see your content shift, touching on stuff that means something more. Kör hört och lycka till Felix!
Ive been watching you for 9 years always loved your videos glad you are taking it easy and enjoying what you have earned
W
I accepted you quitting but I’m glad you didn’t
The japan ark is cool bro
Whenever you want to quit, just watch Turn on the camera by Bad History and all of your good memories will keep you going.
no,  pleaseee continue......we really enjoy the vids. vlogs have been a lot of fun. Love you  and your content. but if u must quit then we will support.
my 30 year old ass had a big dumb smile while bro fisting my monitor. love you felix
bro, it's fine not to quit. Upload when you want, share fun and just do what you want.
Imagine having an issue with this
"Why I didn't quit?"  Right answer: MONEYYY BIIIITCHHHH
Bro, I'm really loving your recent content. As I'm growing I'm getting more and more busy. But your content is relaxing to watch. Keep doing what you like. We'll support you to the end.
It's all cool bro, know that we love u. The bond we have through this channel is all we need. It's mesmerizing to think that we want to know u all the way till the end of time .  I am not talking to peeking inside your life. I don't even feel like an outsider , feel like it's a whole home this community has become. We wanna celebrate certain moments to feel that bond sparkle. That's what I think anyone who has been a OG wants
Why quit when it pays the bills? Paid for a private jet to Japan lol
After all these years, somethings really never change. Brofist!
your not a normal person google knows u  ur famous  ur life changed beautifully ur livin a dream life now
Please never quit!
Brofist ✊🏻✊🏻
I'll be here no matter what
Does anyone know what happened to Pewdipes music career? I remember that a couple of years ago he said he will publish some music but have not heard anything about it.
Are those Audezes? They look amazing.
Do whatever the fuk u want my guy, we love u so muchh
To be honest, I feel your channel has been growing before and now you are almost quitting YouTube, Your history is like a legacy to me and now I have been known for the old days you did for the own good. Nowdays you are just enjoying game and going to Japan, I love when your future changes. I can recognize you and even you were younger, Felix. IDK what to say, but are very succesful YouTuber back then and even now when you are semi-active at YouTube. Thanks Felix. I appreciate your timeline in the past.
I feel like many of us have matured alongside you, Pewds, , and the channel is still relevant to us! Thank you for not quitting =)
Felix's videos get better every year, our family loves his content and is grateful for him continuing with each chapter of his life.  Thanks for not getting into shorts, they rarely have anything to say, ruin any flow the platform has and look terrible on anything but a phone. Sadly you can tell when a push is happening because all the money focused smaller creators throw their viewers under the bus for that YT shorts cash. Sorry Ken.
I reccomend Za-zen, and learn Japanese tea ceremony like Rikyu, Bro.
Why are his headphones two waffle irons?
Pewd your like that one grandpa who everyone loves
Been here since happy wheels lmao. You’re a legend my guy
We love you both, and we love the kind of content you've posting, and most of all, we love to  see you happy =)
pewds can u like my coment thanks :D
Have fun and relax!! You deserve it.
i love you very much my brother when you where in 1k i was there and I have change my account but  i watch  you becausei love you bro i never want you the quit i love you very much i whish when i die i i want to watch  you . ya your contant has change but i still love  but my whish is that you start playing mincrift like our loving OLD  pew love you
I'm an adult now and been watching Pewds since middle school. It's really cool to have been there for the journey. I can also appreciate the way the channel has changed and how much is uploaded now; as I am also adult I don't watch youtube vids every day. But it's always nice to come back and see what Felix has been up to. One of the few ogs left. :)
I would love to see a video of Felix talking about the impact of having the feminine energy around him (Marzia) impact his YouTube journey. The good the struggles, everything. Very personal but would be a nice video especially as he’s now 12 years into this journey.
Don't apologize! Live your retired life without regrets.
❤❤❤❤❤
I love you Pewdiepie! Support you in all your decisions!
Transition to a Japan youtuber.
I love your vids and think these changes to the videos are nice seeing you happy makes me happy
We love you Pewds been a fan since Amnesia!!! I grew up with you to be honest
things do change but u keep having fun and post once in a while
As a long time 19 yr old, i see the happiness in your eyes .... & i just feel warm inside. 👊❤️🇵🇭
I’ll never forget my Memory of watching your Channel from 2013.
In a sea of comments that don’t mean much to you anymore. Do as you must to continue being a better you. Thank you for leading the way.
I think as a person Felix is very hard working and sort of, ambitious. That's why he was able to accomplish so much and that's why he was so consistent. Feeling YouTube might feel like a void in his life. He can just continue, yk like Vlogbrothers.
What's up with those big headphones?
I support and watch all Pewdiepie, but im getting a bit tired of him explaining the same thing again and again. We get it, you werent enjoying your job. Youre now living a dream life just uploading for fun and still making a bit of money.  As a poor student its getting a bit tiring to listen to. Im jealous and cant really stomach how easy your life is getting brought up all the time
love you felix dont listen to hater
راح تعتزل ،-----
Bros post-credits is longer than pre-credits
But. .. I miss crazy bonkers pewds
This man stop youtube i stop my life! i just watched MC series for 5 times
EEEEEEEEEEE FELIX I LOVE YOU
what is that freaking walffe iron of a headset pewds?
Uhhh Silly Goose.  Your goal is... Look at Mr Beast.   That's what you should do at this point. Just keep giving away. Give to countries that are struggling. Keep making videos.  Help fix the Energy Crisis.  Renewable Energy. Help fix the world. New Job.
Glad he still makes video even though he not make it daily like he used to.. need humor from this man.. ma man felix have a entertain me in my darkest time..
Felix and his channel have matured like a fine wine 🍷 Love that he's sharing what he's actually comfortable with and feels good about, keep it up!
Sometimes I think back to the times of when Pewds played happy wheels, and watching this video just blows my mind on how much he has changed. I really enjoy these new videos too, they make me feel relaxed 😌
i feel appreciated as a supporter of felix and when he did a brofist i cried. thanks for being an inspiration to other man!
.
Major, major headphone upgrade. Holy shit!
☺️
Pewds, I grew up in Tokyo and seeing you and Marzia move out there really makes it seem like a possibility to move out there myself one day. Thank you and keep being beautiful <3
even if you haven't quit it still feels like an end of an era since you've moved to japan
:)
"I conquered YouTube, Mr. Beast is on my ass, now I have some weird zen."  You're just getting old my man.
It's time for you to start your book review phase! Take inspiration in Max Derrant's channel
Yes!!
I’ve been a follower since I was a literal kid, dropped off for a while during a few years ago feeling like I outgrew the content. Then in the last 2 years I started to watch again and enjoyed that you guys are just happy and relaxed and enjoy the golden days of your hard work. Kinda the same feeling I have when Jenna Marbles retired. I’m happy you retired but still upload your life and share how happy you all are. That? That’s content me as an adult is happy to watch now.
Can't wait until Pewds is 50-70, loses his energy and goes back to gaming/uploading gaming videos😂  It's actually quite common tbf, I've known a fair few older people do this (go back to gaming a lot after retiring/getting old). My Nana even got into anime when she couldn't drive anymore💀
Some people left when the content changed, but to be honest the more different things you did the more I began to watch for you, and how you were in those different things. You became the reason I watched not what your doing. That sounds so para-social but I enjoy watching whatever you put out because I enjoy watching you and Marzia enjoy life. Been watching since the Skate 3 days :)
the fact that you change and do whatever feels right its the reason I still enjoy all your videos
yoo why stop playing them horror games? bring the fun back bruu
Its better this way. More relaxing videos are good now. But from time to time I wish we can get some really funny videos again
ممكن تسوي قناه عربيه نفس مستر بيست بليززززز🌸
Awweeeeeee Pewds having the realest mid life realization
You do you. I enjoy the content.
Sweden do good meat balls man
Awweeeeeee Pewds having the release mid life realization
Weird to think that even if you do quit now you have so many years of your life left to live with the same freedom you have now. I’m happy for you
As my childhood, I’m sad that you’re gone, but as an adult, if I had the opportunity to retire so early I would take it! But I love watching you and Ken make videos. It fills my heart
You can always do a video when you feel like it, or when you have something to talk about. Without any pressure, force or something. I mean, you achieved everything there is to achieve so you don't have to prove anything to anyone. To me, that's the liberation I'm dreaming about to have one day.
splatoon 3 when
The headphones tho🤣
We support you no matter what!
The bro fist made my day!
Just discovered this guy, guess I'm late?
When dumb people move to Japan right before the invasion. :D
Can’t wait until Felix is exclusively uploading hour long book videos when he’s 75
I love the vlogs. Sword forging video when?
We are the same age and I love your videos. It’s like you are my friend that makes videos over the years but you do what ever you want to do I will be here for you.
Happy to see you wanting to upload again, the shallow content bit I always thought you didn't really enjoy uploading those but it did bring a lot of views so I get why. Glad to see you doing what you want to do again!
e
Thank you
We love you Pewds, you’re awesome 😌🤍
Omg bro fist 👊🏾
The bro army is still strong and supporting Felix with everything that makes him happy
What’s with the ear waffle makers
Please keep uploading vids!
Hey your welcome guy!
Who asked?
Getting old is crazy
proud of you
Bästa youtubern genom tiderna
👊
New headphones looking sexy daddy pewds!! 😂❤️❤️😂
To be honest I love the vlog style he’s been doing, peaceful
i kinda disagree, felix, mark, jack and a lot people i followed for 6+ years, the old videos never gets old
Keep up the With Japan videos it is so cool to se how life is like in Japan
Really glad that you are enjoying your life, and still let us know!
You cant do anything else than to be a clown.
Yesterday, I had a nice discussion with my partner; we were talking about our favorite YouTube content. While she defended the pure entrainment purpose of the platform, I stated that the most enjoyable thing is to watch someone who feels genuine - back in the day, there was no money to be earned from YouTube, and what I got used to was a bunch of nerds filled with passion.  Felix, you are a perfect example of someone truly down to earth, just attempting to share some everyday joy with his viewers. That is why you always were and will be the king of YouTube, the true expression of its soul and starting engine.
The haters are always the loudest. There are more of us here who are grateful for the hours of entertainment then there are that hate.  Thank you for persevering through it all. That being said, do what makes you the happiest.
So that's why there's no meme review. I was wondering what was happening
We are so happy you didn’t quit. Personally, I love these style of videos the most. It’s a joy having you take us along with you as you grow and change 🥰
Honestly I’ve loved seeing the channel change and grow. Its like seeing Felix grow along side us as a viewer.  In a sense iys a joy and nice to see that as I’ve been changing and developing he has as well.
Love you if you stay, love you if you go.
We can always rewatch your videos to go down memory lane. Happy you are still here. 🤗
Felix din tullete svenske du er så jevla morsom jeg vet jeg er norsk men bra jobbet du har fortjent dette man
Start on twitch / play games there pleaseee lol
TLDR he wants money
You do you
Hope ypou dont quit! i love your new vids!
More book reviews! More philosophical stuff!
Ok but more dhar mann when
when you buy crazy expensive headphones, at least get velcro pads and switch them out when you think they're greasy, the difference is big because they seal around your ears much better
Money
Can I know where you bought the book rack behind you. I have been trying to find it (or even similarly like that) here in Japan, but haven't got any luck..
The best Pewds is the one doing what makes him happiest in that moment. Enjoy this new season of your life my guy; I am happy to still be here watching
This is all wholesome and nice and that but WHY has he went out and bought frequency response headphones which cost 1000's. I don't get it just why lmao
im happy for you! altough i tought we were growing the channel to invade norway 🤔
I’ll allow it.
Always loved your content for years and will never stop supporting you. Don’t think that you don’t deserve what you have. You worked hard for what you’ve accomplished.   Also side note I noticed you’re using a new pair of headphones. The Audeze LCD-2 it looks like. Incredible sounding headphones. But, they are kinda uncomfortable especially after like 30 minutes. So I’d recommend using the Sennheiser HD 600. Very great sounding and VERY comfortable.
PewDiePie has Soo many ideas to make a content ,  but YouTube change alot so it's hard to catch-up.
I think everyone at this point agrees that the content of just YOU and what you enjoy is what we enjoy
love you felix, your vids and vibes helped me through sad days. At first i hated you because you looked like our crackhead neighbor, but you're truly a fun guy to watch! thanks bro
I like it when people I follow enjoy themselves. Sometimes the content changes and some don't like it but others do. It's better that you enjoy what you're doing than feeling obligated to do something you don't want to do.
Quit? Your content after moving to Japan has been amazing, it's difficult to compare the different eras of your videos because they're so different, but the Japan vlogs are definitely up there.
Pewds, we're here for you whatever you choose to do. A week, a year, doesn't matter. It's just good knowing you're out there.
joe mama
I really love your philosiphy videos, such as book review. You're new style of content have always been the best, watching something you have pasion for is what brings joy i guess :))
I know you have a high expectation for videos to be high quality but in all honesty ppl would watch you just stare into the sea for hours and I would be entertained love you bro 👊
clean! The content that you make, is at its best when we feel that you enjoy making it;)
He reaches the One Piece, so what how?
It’s actually disrespectful af to ask pewds to quit. Even if you consider the fact that his channel has peaked. Asking him to quit YouTube because he peaked is like asking someone to stop writing books because they’ve already had a super successful one.
I dont really care if you quit or not,even if you quit it just feels an anime is ending which I felt a lot of times then I'll just rewatch your old videos to have the nostalgic fun again
Been here before Amnesia and I gotta say, I will always watch your videos and whatever you upload, cause like you, we all grew up and getting better as a person, as a human. So please dont quit youtube as long as you enjoy it.
bruh why you are still focusing on negative pewds. We are here since from the start(my youtube account got yeeted) as you can see we are still here. It's been years. Don't focus on negative.
I think you’ll retire when you have a baby, which would be apt
Go make a child
I've been here since about the time Happywheels started, I've found you looking for an english speaking channel and i've actually learned an practiced speaking english watching your videos, which is crazy to me looking back btw! But the reason I stayed has always been because it felt like your channel just kept growing and changing with me, or I kept growing with it and thats why I can honestly say that even if you were to quit sometime, your channel will always be with me by my side. And i love that.
Having been a long time fan, I think maybe we have a slightly better view of how things change because we've all grown with you over the years  . . .  idk I've been in different places mentally and in maturity; so the variety of content from the shallow distraction, to the philosophy talks, all have their place. As someone who is settling down myself (just bought my first house wooo!) The more chill content is something I look for more than HaPpY WhEeLs!!! lol.  But your genuine person behind the camera is what shines through whatever content you're making, and I think that is what attracts so many people to your channel. Anywho, Heres to many more happy years making videos!
Bro, where would I be without "protect wamanz"..?
Just post whatever content you want to post pewds
Do what ever you want ,, we are hanging for fun 🤩
Honestly I think Pewds is so used to living in this little bubble of his, with more than 3-4million  people watching him everyday, conveying their thoughts via comments and likes.  YouTube definitely has always been a medium for him to kinda pour his heart out, share what he is doing and just connect. Honestly, losing that close of a connection with millions of ppl might seem scary.
Brother, get old alongside me.
im glad that ure doing it for fun now. loved the japan vlogs! will always support my fav youtube!! been watching since the amnesia days
Love you Pewds <3
No just don't quit youre my top tier in YouTube youtuber if u quit I'm feelin that something missing in YouTube and feeln why I still watching  video in YouTube
it's about time you thank me for all I have done for you /s
still to this day I'll always enjoy pewds videos, old and new
I think that most of us who’s still here after all these years have loved growing up beside him and it’s been more about that it’s HIS content than his CONTEN.
mr beast will carry on your legacy but you will go down as THE YOUTUBE GOAT love you felix.
This is the nice ending
I loved that era and I love this one too, do what you are doing. At this point I am just addicted to watch your content. Whatever you do, we will always love it. Atleast I will. ❤️❤️❤️
Pweds keep posting those vlogs I wait for them more than animes weekly
We living the epilogue, and we are fine with whatever genre or choices you do ^^
Hej Felix om du läser min kommentar så vill jag att du ska aldrig sluta med YouTube.
i would be here for you forever watching
It's honestly such a wholesome view around the concept of retirement: you're not quitting entirely, but instead taking a step back to focus on the content that complements where you are now in life.
Have fun surfing! I miss surfing
King
these fucking zooms tho, holy shit
I love you Pewds, and loved this video. But those headphones, gawdamnson. Those are some meaty headphones.
I wouldn't care if the videos were much less frequent, just do what you want when you want because that's what the viewer can really enjoy! You kept many of us from the beginning and we still enjoy watching your videos to this day! I write these lines as a friend as I feel we have become your friends over the years! Never be discouraged, we will always love you for who you are, thank you for being you!
Now have babies. Many babies.
tbh youtube wont be the same without you :(
Been watching since 2013 and have never left a comment like this but finally just wanted to say how grateful I've been over the years for you being a constant; I'd just moved from Europe to America and your Let's Plays were one of the best things for me when I was feeling down, you reminded me of friends and places I couldn't see anymore. I've heard you say in videos before how you don't really get the comments people leave thanking you for "helping them," etc., but there's a lot of us who, at the end of the day, for whatever reasons, your uploads really comforted (and continue to). I think as the audience we just want to know you're doing ok more than anything, which is why I've really been enjoying the direction you've taken with the channel/doing things on your terms. Honestly, I'm just happy you want to continue to share things with us, whatever it is. Very glad you and your channel are still around <3.
Those headphones kinda look like tambourines
ຢີ່ປຸ່ນປະເທດໃກ້ກັບປະເທດຂອງຂ້ອຍ ຢີ່ປຸ່ນເປັນປະເທດທີ່ງາມຫຼາຍຢາກໄປຢຽມຢາມຈັກຄັ້ງໃນຊີວິດ
U rock Felix
He's at the point in his life where he can say he beat Tetris
if Pew Offically quits ill Delete my Channel
People can eat ass, I love the japan vlogs.
Been watching you since I was 13, I’m 23 now and no matter what you do or don’t post, your audience has grown up with you and just like we’ve changed we know you have too 💞 we’ll support you no matter what ! Plus I love the new format
At this point Felix can make a video of his pug taking a shit and make money..no reason to quit
we love u pewds, its ok man
Cause you would be jobless otherwise, simple as that.
Easy, because without it you don't earn a goddamn thing and you will be nothing.
I love when millionaries get so rich that they lose the perspective of being poor.
Can't believe I'm still watching your videos. I'm amazed by how you entered our hearts
Well, I am glad you are not quitting. Keep doing you, and fuck them naysayers Pews. ✌️👊
I can already see how often Pewds has been surfing by his hair, sun / salt already doing its work. Wish I could still surf in uni enjoy man, love these new videos.
OG bro since the call of duty days. no matter what we support you <33333
Can we get BeastMaster 64 part 3? You have to finish the trilogy!
Living. Fucking. Legend.
Your barber did you dirty
just enjoy it bro 😎 your good
T-SERIES 224 MILION SUBSCRIBE.
This is a much needed video! I'm so happy that you're back to doing YouTube for fun. We'll be sure to support you!
I can’t believe I’ve watched this man’s whole career
I never usually comment but I think the majority of us enjoy watching your videos for you, your personality, and your ability to make us laugh when we feel down. I've grown up watching your channel since you first started and you're still a staple in my home. I'll always enjoy watching your vids as long as you're in them :)
That thank you at the beginning… my heart… ❤️
Man I enjoy more the uploads now because they are rarer so it’s always a nice feeling seeing a Pewds vid because I don’t see them as often and they are made for fun so they feel genuine, all to say, Thanks pewds for still uploading {virtual hug}
It'd be cool to see you for a while and we'd get old at the same time, going through similar stages in life. It'd be interesting.  Upload what you want when you want. And You can always quit, but personally, I feel like quitting would be such a shame.
You know, Pewds, I can dig that. I've always been subscribed even if I've not really been watching a lot recently, and I am happy to hear you are focusing more on what you wanna do.  I hope what ever you do you have fun with it, Bro. :)
i grow up with u pewds, Cheers
G’day.
Felix is the most genuine and successful YouTuber and he deserves to do whatever he wants.
Been watching you since I was 13 man, I'm 23 now and have been through a lot of shit, but your videos never failed to give me a laugh and make me feel less alone. I feel like we've all grown up with you Pewds and I just want to say thanks for all the memories, thanks for giving me something to laugh at and look forward to almost every day! You've touched more people's hearts than you could ever imagine and pulled people like me through some of their darkest days. WE LOVE YOU PEWDS, NOT FOR THE CONTENT BUT FOR YOU! Keep being you and that's all we can ever ask for.  I love you man, thank you. <3
Sluta inte
Don't know what stage of parasocial relationship this is but man seeing you happy enjoying life makes me happy and kinda heals a bad day
Pewds, just keep doing you, we watch you because of the person, not because of the games or the formats or whatever. Enjoy your life! ♥️
i enjoy watching everything you share with us pewds, thank you, and if time comes you can stop, its ok but it will be sad
👊
I've been watching your content since 2012 and you've been a constant in my life for that long. I used to dread the day you'd decide to stop making videos. Might seem exageratted to you but it was like a little failsafe tradition in the midst of a chaotic life. Now I don't really have that sense of dread, not because I don't enjoy what you share, hell I still watch everything you put out, but maybe it's because I grew up and have a more stable life now, along with the fact that your transition into making fewer videos wasn't abrupt. What I'm trying to say is that I'm grateful for you being my source of escapism while I needed it and that I'm satisfied with whatever you do now. For what it's worth, I'm glad you're sticking by for a little while longer.
You've earned enjoying life, family, and the country you decided and fought so hard to move to. We love you Felix.
the GOAT
Everyone is saying it but I'll say it again - Do what you want to do with the channel and don't let it dictate your life. We love your content but it can't be sincere if it's not something you enjoy, so wherever you decide to go, youtube wise, we support your decision and thank you so much for the many years of great content, you have been so many peoples childhood so thanks tonnes for what you've done for us pewds
We're gonna be here to whatever you decide to do Felix ❤
Hey Pewds, its great to have such a reasonable King as u on YouTube instead of some Logan Paul lunatic. I dont watch your vídeos as much as I did a few year ago, personally I dont like videogame content, but i really like your book reviews or review content in general.
Been watching you all these years!!! I can't believe how much we've both grown. you deserve to do what makes you happy. you've been such a huge part of my life. I want you to be as happy as possible
I just know I’d still be here when you start uploading Nature Rainforest Campfire Bonfire Crackle Sounds for Sleep content
you japan vlogs are good
You either die a hero or live long enough to become the villian or in pewds case transcend youtube and become simply a man again who lives in peace.
Whatever you choose to do we're all here for it. I have to say I love this arc and you sharing philosophy vids, book reviews, sharing a bit of your life in Japan and the occasional collab with Ken - it's all fantastic. Seeing you enjoy success is both inspiring and what your fandom wants. Just keep being authentic and what feels right for you
He gave the bros FIST BUMP!!!!!!
wholesome pewds
Japan arc best arc yet
man those headphones are huge 😵‍💫😂
Glad you’re still around, do what makes you happy man fr. Appreciate all the content you’ve given us over the years. You and Marzia continue to take care of them little pups lol :).   Idk if you’ve thought about it, but you should maybe try and write a manga, maybe even have it animated for a video, even if it’s a one off. When you have the time of course. Wish y’all the best out there in Japan! Take care!
You can't do wrong (for the most part, but we don't talk about those things)
What a roller coaster for my heart. I was fearing you would announce you quitting youtube for real. I'm so grateful you still do it and want to keep doing it. I like the videos you've done in Japan. I don't mind if you don't upload as frequently as before Japan. Just don't stop please
When i first saw this guy i wanted to be like him. still...
The Japan ark honestly is the best arc. Feels the most genuine
PewDiePie should Quit now and make a mega comeback when Felix turns 69...😛😄
Dude you’ll always be one of my favorite creators and a literal founding father of YouTube. You’ve contributed so much more than anyone could have ever been expected to. Go live your life man, don’t get hung up on it. If you wanna keep making content or get an idea for a video we’ll always be here to watch it and give our feedback. Afterall the best art is always organic. Brofist for life👊.
I've been here for 9 of those 12 years, and I can confortably say that your content now, is my favorite you ever had. I feel the fun positive vibes on your videos, I see how much you love it. As long it's something you are loving and enjoying, we will be here.
Love you pewds... You don't need to quit... You can lay low though like take more breaks... You can still uploads interesting things that happened to you from time to time. I love watching the vlogs. TBH for me youtube is not youtube without you Pewds. There are times that I look at my notifs hoping that you have a new vid.
There is no exact timeline to life. Sometimes things happen over time that can change your mind. You do what you feel is right and if that's to keep uploading then fantastic. If not thats okay.   Just do you man and life will work out.
✊👊
i totally agree youtube really should just be about having fun but algorithm’s and youtube being not the best
Well there's nothing wrong about changes, Im glad you here to share your point of view of how you feel about the world like other than gaming there actually lots of fun from other activities and how you enjoy it. Just be happy and Thx for all those content you made. Sometimes it make my day better!!
I've been subscribed since the whole Subscribe to Pewdiepie thing and now is my favorite time for the channel. The occasional vlogs of him and Marzia just enjoying life always make me smile.
PewDiePie season 2 is upcoming
It's been wild to be the first generation of people, to watch people all over the world grow up and mature on camera on the internet. Felix, Keep doing whatever you want to with your channel.  It's your life. I'm just here for the ride :)
u can quit if u want
Im loving this tbh
Those headphones are dope, anyone know the brand/make?
Keep doing what makes you happy
love u always pewds. if ur happy im happy
THIS IS NOT THE GUY!!
I love that you still upload. I think your channel now represents someone who actually likes doing what they do. And you have worked so hard. This is your channel. Seeing all of your new videos is so great to see. I love it. Especially since Marzia's channel and videos aren't up anymore.
The bro fist made me stay    Nah.. just kidding pew4life
I've always been inspired by your passion for YouTube, hope you caught some awesome waves 😁
whatever you upload I'll watch it as long as you enjoy it we support you brother enjoy yourself
Enjoy yourself and we would too. We'd watch anything you upload at this point.
All these YouTubers say they quit and then the checks stop rolling in lol
aight hear me out...imagine if pewds start to learn drifting🤔
I'm always a fan of pewds, no matter what's was the content. Always enjoy them.
I will be here
You're the best person that I've never met. You've made my childhood better and helped me through rough times. Having watched you since 2011 has really shown huge change, and I'll forever support you no matter what happens.
We’ll be always supportive about any decision you make! But personally I would like Felix to keep uploading any type of videos he wants. Like i will always be enjoying any content of his)
Great video bud, glad to see new enthusiasm for breaking the mold. Totally agree shorts are horawful!
He has a headset & microphone, how does that work?
You did good mate, a good YouTuber that brings a smile on people's faces and you are maturing then you realise the past you was way different than what you have become. Do what you feel is best. If you still want to continue YouTube, you don't have to force yourself into creating content, just upload stuff when you feel like it.  Be happy mate👍
We love you bro fist 👊  you came soo far and did a lot 🙏 keep it up
I love watching you enjoy life! I love meme review too but what ever you do I’ll still be cheering you on! 👊🏽🫡😊
Just follow your hear pewds , always remember there will be a fanbase which will love you no matter what you do ❤️
I have grown up watching you Felix, and I don't regret it at all. As I matured, so did your content. In a strange way, I feel like we've grown up together. Never knowing each other, but you absolutely had an impact on me. No matter what you decide for your future, you are already a legend whose touched millions of people's hearts. We love you Felix.
Gotta respect a man for doing what's best for him and his family.
Please make content that gets extremely political.  And aggressive
Felix this is a great video! We all evolve and how you feel looking back at your content is how we feel seeing our old cringy social media posts 😂I can't imagine having people say they wish I would go back to something that I really just don't want to be anymore. You are doing a great job and I've really been enjoying the vlogs! You look like you're having fun, and we enjoy adventuring with you!
Been loving the content recently seeing you just relaxed and enjoying new experiences is a genuine joy to watch Felix
Even with the vlogs, pewds voice, Tempo, mood, and basically everything else has changed.
Don't quit. Just do your routine
We love you man <3
Hey pewds. Long time no see.
Why would you? If you enjoy what you are doing, keep going.
Do a cooking video with marzia… cooking a new Japanese recipe maybe?
we need another poppy gloria investigative report on youtube being racist
How long have you been doing YouTube now
You enjoy you my guy
honestly , i don't want him to quit ... :'( But i think everything has a start and an end
I've just got to say that you're a great guy, your videos were the primary source of entertainment for literally hundreds of millions. Your past self would be so damn proud of you, imagine if you knew back in 2010 that 10 times more people than the number of citizens in your entire home country would click that button. It's absolutely insane
This super wholesome but them headphones look hilariously goofy Bet they like 20k though
I actually enjoy the vlogs so much! Keep on living Felix, I'm here for it.
i'm really liking the newer content tbh, it's wholesome and real
So I've watched Felix since about 2015 and I like to have seen him mature and become an adult. We all go through an existential crisis at the end of our 20s, his was just on public display. I like seeing how you are doing still, just checking in. ill continue being a fan
Tbh I really like the Japan slice of life videos
Bruh those headphones though LMAO
I’m sad his view count has dropped since moving to Japan, I definitely find the new videos deeply more enjoyable than old. Never stop
Please just do whatever you enjoy felix. At this point, i watch your videos just like i'm reaching out to my friends, checking how theyre doing and stuff.
What you're doing now feels sustainable, because it's organic (or at least, that's how it feels). There's no pretense, no agenda. What's ironic is that it actually makes for some of the most appealing content imaginable. People are invested in your life, and this new content gives us a look at some of what you're actually experiencing. Enjoy your life, and keep the vids coming if you can, they're fantastic.
Wow
Niceee, keep it up boss 👌👌
most of us like you for your personality do whatever you want and we love you bro!!
Maor poods photoshop vids?! :D  Edit- :brofist:
Now you can do youtube as you like now we just want to see your life and or anything you want in the future
I think it's normal for the King of Youtube to just take on and go forward with his life, I mean you have a wife now and a beautiful life, it's okay if you were to quit at some point ^^
This makes you way cooler bruv
The king of the land can do as he so wishes 🙇🏻
Brofist will never change.
I never cared for what type of content you were doing. I am here for you not for the games or for the memes or whatever. I'm here because you are what makes your youtube channel special, it does not mater what kind of content you are making as long as you are having fun
I like the vlogs so much and marzia edits to aesthetic so cute 🥺✨ I wish we could get a Minecraft let's play with her again or animal crossing
Mom get the camera he did the thing he did the thing he did the thing!!!
Honestly, I'm really enjoying your current videos.
Better Days - Franco
Youtube is not something I even enjoy now. Frankly it is sad to see  Love you in Japan
Hey Pewds! I felt shocked when you said that it was lame the old videos about the drama and memes but I needed that distraction, I still rewatch a lot of them. I loved all the changes and I think it's what made me keep watching. I could never get bored of you when you bring so much diverse content. Please don't say those things. :)
Mic go “biiiimmmmm”
We are all happy for you both, and those who have been here since way back when love the joy and peace you let us also enjoy. It’s been a privilege Pewds, keep on living your life however you want. ☺️
For some reason, this reminds me of Notch's documentary. Anyways, it's good to see he got to where he wanted when he literally just started being just another gaming channel in the bunch and managed to stand out.
As fanbase grows with you, were really just happy that youre happy with your life and content. I love seeing you both being so calm in Japan. As long as you want well keep watching
These videos since moving to Japan are the most enjoyable for me over the 5 years I’ve been watching Pewds
Hearing him say what he did at 5:55, he’s grown up 🥲
Hell ye
havent been here in awhile, red where
thank you felix. you've been through a lot and you deserve every good things that comes your way. also thank you for still uploading videos because it helps me gets through a lot of hard times. this is so weird I've never been the type of guy to write comments lmao
Wtf are those headphones
I don’t care what Felix uploads I’ll always support him because I love his vibe and generosity and really feels like a good friends
i really enjoy the japan vlogs
Man, that bro fist was kinda emotional.
I gave a thumbs up to every statement you've said. So Freaking proud & happy for u!!!!! And keep at it. You deserve it. And honestly, it's preciously pure too. Live a fulfilling life by ur standards & values Felix!!!!!!!!♥️♥️♥️♥️
Getting that brofist after a hard day is a blessing
i cant believe it, you've change man....
We love you pewds♥️♥️
i've been surfing like everyday all day since i was a kid, would love to see you make a surf vid or 2, just see how it goes
Watching Felix play mine craft was easily my favorite series
I've been watching since nearly the start, and have to say while there was a time that I stopped watching, I finally feel like you're In a place where you're happy and thriving. Glad to see you're doing so well
You should always upload. World needs you and loves you! 👑
bro got 111M subs that's like X10 speed's sub count
In the rare chance you read this Felix, just know that I am still here since 2012 because I like YOU. It's not about  the type of content you post, it's about just hearing you talk and seeing you have a good time. So I'm never gonna stop watching. Even though we don't know each other, you feel like a friend to me.
Idk why people feel the need to come to a channel just to say "just quit". I mean like bitch if you dont like the content, I hope you know there are thousands of other channels you can watch. Like gtfo and keep your negativity to yourself. Don't kill our vibe and dont kill pew's vibe.
love you pewds!
I'll be kinda sad if he quits, but it's your choice, whatever you do I'll support you. One more thing, one more Minecraft episode pls, it's my favourite pastime to watch you play Minecraft, I'll watch the whole playlist of your Minecraft videos 10 times!! So.. pls, one more.
hey Pewds I don't know if you will ever see this but thanks for giving guys like me a good life. No matter where you go or what you do I will always respect you for giving me so much fun experience on youtube.
been watching for so long, its far too late to stop now hahaha Just do the stuff that you wanna do :)
We need your vlogs☺️❤️
Normies: we want game content  Me, an intellectual: Bring back book review
👊🏻
Youre an awesome guy Felix! Keep being you. Been so inspiring and motivating watching your videos. Btw the brofist made me tear up LOL.
Thanks.
Completely understand. I am trying to grow my channel because my aim is to spread mental health awareness and removing stigma around mental health through gaming, so yes I do have to grow my channel and I look at stats and just recently started shorts because I realised they do really well, but there is a mission behind the why I want to gain influence. I also want to be able to upload what I want, when I want and how I want. I try to find a middle ground but it's really hard. I'm so happy you got to the stage where you get to enjoy life without having to commit your time to making money. We live in a society built for machines, not humans. The work expexted of us and the hours drmanded of us for the pay they give us are so bad for our mental health. We're bot in the industrial revolution anymore, yet we stil live under its social structure
Dude honestly it's your choice if you wanna quit then quit but just remember your fans are always here for you
sive is one of the worst editors I have ever seen
For some throwback stuff you should play Skyrim again
Nah cmon man we loved meme reviews and lwai.
i come for the person behind the camera, not the video itself
I didnot subscribe to this channel because of some horror games or funny game montages I subscribed to the person pewds and how he reacts to the world around us and how funny or deep the reaction might be. Let be horror games , funny silly games, pubg , minecraft , pokemon, cooking, memes , books or vlogs. No matter what u do we love u as a person and thats y iam still didnot un-subscribe to ur channel pewds. Brodfist.
I enjoy this type of content much more. Don’t get me wrong, I’ve loved everything you’ve uploaded for years now (beard era is a bit shaky though), but as you mature, we mature with you. We are real people, years are going by, we change, just like you do and to see you being so brave and enjoy what you’re doing is truly motivating. We love you, Pewds!
I came to your channel to practice my English at first and I stayed because you’ve been my favorite YouTuber since
If you quit can you like make a channel birthday video every year for no reason where you just say happy birthday ?
YouTube won’t be the same without you my guy! Pew news was hilarious af so hopefully that comes back 👀
yooo
Love seing your new stuff, mutch more than your old, feels like your content go towards the older audience now
Idk if you will see this but have a good life Felix
Those headphones tho
Don't just leave YouTube man.... Keep making videos like once a week or something. I and I'm sure other ppl too love seeing ur chill and  happy content. I wanna see where u go from here in the future.
He’s not even PewDiePie now. He’s Felix now.
I remember when i first discovered your channel in 2013.. it was the best day of my life you were playing amnesia.. i laughed so hard on the way you play and give voices to things you interact.. i forgot every problem in my life when i watched your amnesia video.. you probably saved my life that day . So thank you for these years making me smile and happy.. I'll support whatever you choose to do in the future.. legends have to rest too..  even if you retire I won't forget your channel and will always rewatch your old videos to remember you by..
watching pewds and marzia's videos saved me from depression 6 years ago.
*I love the new direction of the channel and the new chapter of this journey in your life!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!*
As someone who's been watching pewds since 2012 it is saddening that Pewds no longer upload like he used to, but at the same time i'm just happy for him whatever he decided especially after all he went through. I still remember back in 2015-2016 where every kind of drama just try attack him and everyone suddenly hating pewds for no reason
I know you're older than me but watching you since your let's play era makes me like a proud father that saw his son retired
Many of us grown up with your videos Pewds. Do whatever makes you happy, we will always support you.
I feel like as a fan base we’ve just been so happy you seem happy! I’d honestly watch any content you’d produce and I feel many others agree as well. Thanks for always being so considerate but also keep making sure you’re happy!
Love you Pewds❤️
Bro, don’t fully quit just upload whenever you want, whenever you feel like it, we just need you to be there every once in a while like an over working dad
Pewds is by far my favorite YouTuber and honestly has been since I started watching him in middle school, I just graduated college haha! I feel like I've almost grown up with the guy, and I'm totally cool with that, he's one of the most genuine people on the internet. It might seem cringy to say but I've learned so much from him and he's been a huge motivation for me to just generally try my very best to turn myself into the best version of myself I could. I'm so glad he still makes content and keeps us a part of his life. You're amazing Felix!!
Pewds, I think as you simultaneously inspire many others to begin YouTube (hello!), you're also consistently inspiring yourself to try new content over the years. Sounds to me like you love to share your experiences with the world and a lot of people appreciate that.. it's easy to get caught up in the numbers but so many of us enjoy you simply and unapologetically being yourself. Glad you're still here, keep going!
we appreciate you man! you do you! glad to see you happy and having the best time! enjoy Japan as much as you can!
Here's the short answer: MONEY
I feel like you have given us 4,500 videos, so we cant complain if you now start enjoying your own things and do it at your own pace. I dont expect videos anymore let alonr a upload schedule. So its a nice surprise everytime you upload. Enjoy my dude.
Damn pewds you do you. No matter what I will always watch your content. Its amazing to see ur personality changes thru ur vids and I feel like I have grown up with you. Love you and best wishes to you, marzia and the puggies.
i just want to say, thanks for being here with us :) (fellow 9 years old)
You're right just to enjoy Japan, I mean take any break you want, the fact that you're still here sometimes is already awesome, plus the content is more likely to be great since you'll make it just because you wanna make it
Pewdiepie's final video should be him and his team singing "we'll meet again"
Hey Pewds when you quit your channel can I have it
I have been watching you for years pewds I love u ( pause)
I think if you didn't and don't evolve over time on YouTube especially, you'd have lost your marbles Felix. I've definitely enjoyed your recent more chilled content, and judging by the comments, so have many others. You've definitely matured a lot in recent years, since getting married and stuff, and maybe your change in content style has had you worried that you'd leave some fans behind, but I really don't think that's the case at all. I'd miss you like heck if you quit completely so, um, don't!
Did Pewdiepie shrink or are those headphones HUGE!!
im loving the new headphones 😂
👊
Props to Felix for continuing after all this time.🙏
Yaaaaaa
Man's finally decided to try living his best life and we couldn't be much prouder
Man I love , I grew up with you saw you get married and changeable life style. I can’t imagine my life with out you. ♥️👊🏻
Is sive out of the job now since marzia is editing the videos lol
Somethings never change <3
Pewd is the equivalent of that Tycoon game where you bought every single upgrade and don’t know what to do now
Do what you love man, im here for the skill not for the image. Best life to ya
So wholesome keep doing what you want my guy 😁
happy for you, for finding your true self through this whole process
Do you plan on moving back to the UK or Sweden at some point in the future?
I've been a fan for many years and I never really liked the meme and drama videos so I stopped watching, but now with this new more relaxed content where you're just exploring and having fun, I started again. I really enjoy it and it's nice to be able to follow along with you on your life journey.  Keep doing what you find fun!
Thankyou
thats cool and all pewds, but full nihongo jouzu video when? Happy to see you being you and still enjoying everything that you do!
I started watching Pewds when he did indie games like Switch and I stayed subscribed these 12 years.  Thank you for all the laughs!
BEASTMASTER64
Why did I get emotional at the Brofist?  Man I grew up watching this guy its amazing to see how far he's come as a person and me too but his content always grabbed me no matter what mood i was in or what year it was. Felix has been there for all of us for so long and I'm glad he's starting to see it
can i have ur channel ?
Hi Felix, I watch the channel because of you, keep doing whatever you want to do man. Proud of you.
Thats okay pewds
NO - don't quit!
Good to see you again!
PEWDS PLS MAKE MORE BOOK REVIEWS! it's fun and everyone would actually agree with this idea. We like how you shared your thoughts on them.
I want to be like you though
Honestly, I’ve been enjoying the whole see what’s going on in Japan, Blogy style videos. Very interesting and therapeutic
Btw ur cut is siick FELIX
I miss your regular videos. I respect your changes and choices though. Much love, I’ve been watching you longer than all the relationships I’ve been in <3
Be the best surfer in town
It is refreshing to see you ignoring the trends, outside input and past video standards to simply "do what you want".  Rock on, Felix!
When you retire/quit YT, let your last video be Happy Wheels.
Bruv could literally upload a 4 min video of him petting edger and we’d be happy 😂😂
Keep doing what you want to do I love the vlogs as a Swedish guy who also want to move to Japan this is so much fun to watch and you should really get a Nissan skyline
I'm still a big fan of the Birdabo vlogs style, that videos are a big inspiration for me
0 to hero, rags to riches, seeing what you were to what you became is such a crazy thing
Great Job
the fact that he has done so much and he's still so young
This is so fucking wholesome ;-;
you are not funny anymore
PLAY NFT Crypto and investing
I'm not an early subscriber. I've been following you for a few years now. And I find you'r recent content chilling. Spending time with our old friend Felix. Doesn't feel forced, we don't need you to perform for us, we just want to see you.
Love you bud, grew up with you.. stay happy !
Good to see BeastMaster64 feeeling good in Japan, maybe he will catch more Pokemans nexxt time.
Love youuu
It's because one piece safed him
Pewdiepie is a legend. May we never forget those times.
Man even you background and room setup is more relaxing instead of the red and black setup, it’s a bit more monochrome. Kind of gives that retired vibe haha (not sure if you were going for that, but it was what I gathered). Love your vids man
Keep doing what you do Felix, and keep doing what you like. After all, you don't know the people online they are there to watch you for who you are everything changes, content changes, people change as they get older and wiser, life changes and we all need our own way to deal with new changes whether we like it or not. You are not disappointing anyone you have been doing great for so long and figuring out who you are as a creator, but you just need to be you and continue having the fun and enjoyment you do.
Still a legend in the game.
I have just got into your channel & i am 51. Dont watch many of your game vids but like all your cringe, book vids & other stuff
I don't know why I expected a bigger, stronger "come back" after moving to Japan.. but this is even better in a way... the reality is that majority of us are down for whatever (would either support or won't complain...)
This new chapter is AMAZING. How is this not the best season yet? While some of your audience might not enjoy this, a lot of your audience has grown up with you too. We’re rooting for you and love that you’ve found a good groove. Do whatever you want and whatever brings you joy. Again, really enjoy this. And I really look forward to seeing what’s new once and a while. You’re an inspiration, to me, and to so many others. Really, truly and deeply appreciate who you are and what you do. Thanks, Felix. Would love to bump into you in Japan someday. 👊
Anyone know what are Pewd's hearphone?
💗
did anybody ask
My man rockin' the Audezes. Based.
anyone who says Pewdiepie should quit is an idiot.. congrats on your lives..🙄  We love you felix! we love this current chill video uploads..
Vote to remove subscriber count! Lol
My first PewDiePie video was some first person baby horror game, I can't remember anymore, but I've been watching since then. It's crazy to me that I've been able to kind of grow up as your channel got bigger. YouTube is a crazy thing, and I'm thankful that you've come out on top with all the craziness in between.
It’s fun to watch you have fun, enjoy it!
All good man, I’m here for whatever 👊
You have done good for literally millions of people.  Whatever decisions you take we will gladly support you.
sluta aldrig
Not one negative comment- enough said.
Im Watching you because of your Personality and not the Content. Stay who you are and do what you want...
Pewds your content is always awesome, don't stress out, do what you love
Keep doing what makes you happy Felix, your a wonderful guy, and help so many people wether you know it or not so keep up the good work, God Bless and Godspeed to you!
I used to hate you so much. Now you don't yell and act normal, I dig it.
Hola pew die pie es lo máximo
I love you and your vlogs. we expect nothing  thank you for what you give
This might be selfish but i don't want you to quit, you're my idol growing up and your videos get me through hard and boring day's. And i'd love to continue seeing your video till i die, i would actually love to sit with my kids and tell that you are my idol while watching your videos. It might sound corny but i'd love to tell your stories.
this was very sweet, pewds
Just post whatever interests you and share it with us. I think most of us are here for the evolution of you and the channel anyways :)
Somethings never change!! Brofist❤👊
I mean you change content from gaming and random things to vlog and random things in jp
I would see pewds train for an iron man or similar mental challenge just to conquer another land and inspire people at the same time
We enjoy your Japan life videos. It’s really relaxing and inspiring
I don't care, we still love you
You do you, Felix. I just love watching your videos.
This headset us just too big for your head.
I remember watching you as a young teenager back in 2011 when you were just some guy with broken English playing horror games. I haven’t been the most active fan and haven’t had time to watch a lot of your videos since then but I can still tell how much you’ve changed and it makes me happy. Your videos have been so genuine lately and it’s so cool to see you enjoying your current life. Keep going Felix!
The fact you've been here all this time and still continue to do so, is why you're incredible to so many people. I'm glad that the last 2 years have been more fun for you, because at the end of the day, that's what matters most. Thank you Felix.
Never Quit bro or do whatever im still a fan of you as a person
the like to views ratio on this video says it all
i mean i'd be lying if i said i wouldnt be sad if you quit entirely someday, but whichever you choose we'll support ya! :) im still glad your doing content ya enjoy making and we love to see you happy :3 ya better stay happy with marzia and doggos!!!
Glad 😊
Thank you for all the videos u made for us
I know you said you don't have time to play games... but when you do, you should really give that game MineCraft a try.
Keep doing what you want Felix. I can say for myself I been enjoying the ride and seeing you grow as a person. It has taught me to do the same thing. Enjoy the day to day moments and not be obsessed with things that don’t matter in the end. Hope you keep getting positive support and can’t wait to see what your future holds.
I've found that's the thing about life; a lot of the time, you'll feel like you've accomplished so much, and done what you set out to do, and found that happy end. But unlike the story, the pages keep turning after. And you reach a point where you have to make a choice; are you going to find a new goal, or focus on the journey? And it certainly seems like you've found your answer. I'm just happy you're still choosing to share that journey with us, but above all, I'm glad you're enjoying that happiness 😊
Enjoy your surf dude! 🤙🤙
just get a kid
Yo pewdie3.14 i hear you and i heard fun and what else ???? Your smart and we get ya man ur a whole cereal killer
That's pretty much why my daughter and I do Youtube.  For fun.
This feels like he's having a honest conversation with his fans
I'm with a lot of people who have already said this, but watching you do videos you enjoy doing is the best route you could have taken with the channel. Happy creator = happy audience. It's a win win.
you’re one of the most genuine dudes on this site and I will aways praise you for that. Keep doing what you enjoy!
heroin?
Love you pewds!
I still Remember Watching 5 Weird Stuff Online
I believe that PewDiePie retired two years ago and now we are watching Felix just enjoying life and doing the things that he wants to do
Pewds got so irrelevant it's crazy, this is my first time watching his videos after a long time, even the views have dropped so much, what's the point of all those subs if people don't even watch him
Been here since a preteen bro, I'm gonna keep supporting you no matter what. You are one of the many reasons people continue living and trying because we look up to you !!! From Bro-Fist days to now you will always have my support 💯
Have a baby and just start a family channel bruv
Do what you want bro
felix is who brought me to social media, I support his decisions no matter what
It is so weird what almost 10 years of watching you can do to you...I instantly started crying when you said, you are going to quit. It is so weird how attached you can get to a person you dont even know in person or who doesnt even know you. No matter what you gonna do in the future, me and everyone else who loves and supports you through all those years, will support you continuously.
Hey keep doing you, you've got no obligations to anyone but yourself and those close to you. Do what feels best to you.
those headphones are humongoussss  P.s.: we love you felix
PewDiePie, you’ve inspired me to become a YouTuber. Keep doing what you’re doing and never ever stop!
Tbh if you wanna quit that's fine,  ut personally I like seeing the true number 1 YouTube still sharing his life and his humor with us. Pewds has gone from a cool older brother to a father figure for YouTube, and I would be fine if we got 1 video per month as he transitions into grandad pewds.
I remember a Video where He almost started crying saying how everything is too much for him and I was Like "Bro, this is not healthy, you need to quit"  I'm so releaved seeing him this calm and in Peace now.  You can't make everyone Happy, Pewds, but you have to make yourself Happy so do what you Want. The Real ones will support you no matter what.
Please stay I need grandpa Felix.
You didnt quit because u want money - easy.
It's crazy to think I've been watching this guy since he was screaming at barrels
i know pewds speaking some serious stuff but... I just cant stop focusing at that *Eva Unit-01* at the shelf mane 😉👌
Ive followed your channel almost since you started, and ive enjoyed almost every type of content you upload. This new format you are doing is awesome as well, keep doing it with your heart, as long as that is the way you do content, we will enjoy it, im glad you did not quit
i doubt you'll read this, but i suppose if there's ever been a video of yours i should comment on it's this one. i am very, very glad you're here. to me, you stand as an example of what the internet could've been - what we could've had instead of the sanitized, corporate content farms we got. you see, you're an everyman. you proved to everybody that this bizarre social media thing can put you (or anybody else) on top of the world, and for a time you - a regular, good person - stayed above all the gigantic corpos with our help. that time's passed. you're not #1 anymore; much greedier people have figured out the internet's formula and plugged up any hope of you overthrowing their empires with unimaginable amounts of money. but you don't have to be the face of youtube now, felix. i'm one of the millions of people who you've given a spark of hope, who you've shown that sometimes, just _sometimes_ normal people like you and me can defy all odds and rise higher than they were ever supposed to rise. you've given us a taste of a better world and made an eternal mark on history. whatever you do now, i hope you never forget how much you matter to all of us. you're an accidental celebrity, and none of us would pick anyone else to take your place.  thank you for being you for.. over a decade now. and as for me, you're staying #1 in my heart forever.
Just try to be like Mr beast actually his content
It actually makes me really happy that you doesn't want to quit, yet. I would missed you a lot when you'll quit, so I'm more than happy to enjoy the ride !
idk if youtube would be same for me if Pewds QUITS quits. Like since Jenna decided to leave, i terribly miss her. All my fave youtubers are quitting and i honestly don't know how I'd handle it💀 Felix we love whatever you're comfortable sharing. We just want to be here, to the extent you want obviously 😭
Bro gotta understand something, when he started we were young and we like the same topics , as we grew together we most likely still have the same tastes in topics, me for example, I still kile games and memes but not as much as before, I would rather see vlogs in Japan like he does now.
Help me hit 1k
Personally I've been enjoying the latest videos and am thankful to you for still uploading.
Pewds you're one of my biggest inspirations for keeping up going to the gym almost everyday! I've been highly enjoying your vlogs while I'm doing the treadmill :) so I hope you don't give up! I've been watching since I was like 18 and I'm now 29, this channel has helped me through alot of tough times, we all appreciate you bro!
Is this the start of the end of Pewdiepie
Honestly, if you upload a 1 minute video once a month saying "hey guys, hope you're well.  I'm doing well.  Brofist", most of us would take it.
I have been with you and your vids for so many years now and I've always enjoyed everything you do, some things more, some things less, some things got boring so i skipped a couple videos... but I always keep coming back for the next one, because what you do is awesome and now that you have peeked you can just do what you want and enjoy it ♥
Really hope this isn't the last brofist I'm getting from you :'''''))
Love you pewds! Will watch whatever and whenever you upload. Xx
You will have my support no matter what you do, I watch you since 6 years, so yes I am not an og cause you started before that but I love you!
I’m so grateful you’re still here, I’m keen to watch and support anything you want to do
Longest post credit ever...
To be honest, just upload whenever you wanna upload, fuck a schedule, just upload the things you like etc, and wanna upload.
I’ll give him 3 more years or less and then he quits YouTube and he’ll probably be expecting a new born in the coming year or 2 leading to him finally quitting YouTube for good.   Who wants to put $100 on this bet????
Love you man do what makes you happy
Don’t quit. Don’t listen to those idiots. YouTube will always appreciate your uploads.
this is just like RWJ=3
One should not read too many philosophy books, it just destroyed any hope for the fun in the life and you begin to ask what's the reason behind doing something and I think life should be enjoyed without thinking too much about it
Yo when you quit I will take the channel. Thanks man!!!
Brace yourselves. We are entering the new era.
You and your channel have gone through many interesting arcs. You grew and so did your bros. I’ve been watching you since your Funny Compilation uploads and when you played Skate. The compilation introduced me to your Skate videos,Amnesia videos, and Happy Wheels videos. I was around 9 when I was watching, you were and still are hilarious and marvelous person to me. You’ve made me laugh, smile, cry, and have fun throughout my hard times and good times. Thank you Felix for everything you’ve done. Continue to be happy and enjoy life, we still care about you ♥️  Brofist 👊
We will love you no matter what you choose to do...
I’ve never heard of a rich person giving up on hoarding everyone’s wealth. Kinda proud of you for realizing all that money and power doesn’t mean anything.
Let's go! ^^
So happy for you Pewds!
Especially with the videos you've been doing lately in Japan, I'm quite glad you haven't quit. Keep doing what you're doing and enjoy yourself man.
I'd watch pewds even when I'm old
Pewds, enjoy to be able to be slow.  You do you.
You can always go to vacations whenever you want and come back and if you ever feel burnt out just step outside a bit then come back again.
I want another Minecraft vid
Nice
12 years of YouTube is truly tiring, but you do it for fun, it really reminds you of the good days, godspeed Felix 👊
Thanks for all the content tho. It must be tough for u to be burden by something about this Job. You worked so Hard dude. you deserve this Happy Ending. i wish you all the best. you and Marzia is very lovely people and deserve the world. I donot expect more from you because you were just enough. IVE BEEN through tough times and all your content feels like home that makes me feel cozy.. Dont know if youd see this but i still wanna say this.  Thank you very much 💞. You were still my number 1. All your advices id take them to heart. Youre like a big bro to me
No matter what content he uploads, it sure will be in good quality. So keep it up, lad.
Damn this hit me in the feelings
its okay pewds do what makes you happy, the japan vlogs have been really cool btw
Stay humble king 👑
Ok boomer
I love post-credits Felix content. It's inspiring to see how you find happiness in your life now
hes not going to quit.. he needs the money
Please don't quit youtube.
I miss those philosophical videos
Those are the biggest headphones I've seen
*you* dont want to do YouTube anymore, than that's okay.  I couldn't imagine being that famous
videos are more enjoyable when you want to make them rather than when you have to, so keep doing what you want to do
The way you let us be a part of your life is a blessing really! We love you Felix!❤️
It’s not your content that makes the videos special pewds, it’s YOU 😄 You continue to brighten peoples day in this crazy world and your fans will always be here and enjoy your vids as long as your making them
You do you 👏👏
The 100% muscle increase, big brain and big  PP... Will always support you no matter what Pewdsss!!! You made my teen years awesome!! 🤗😁
If he quits now, he still would make millions for the next 10 years. People would rewatch his videos for years to come.
You can rest easy.
Lets start calling trumpies anarchists because  that's what the laisse-faire, small government insurrectionists exemplified on 1/6/2021
Those are some expensive looking headphones
Personally I really enjoy the japan vlogs and seeing you actually enjoy life idk it's just soothing in some way.
Been here since Outlast, wouldn't have it any other way. I'm just happy you still enjoy sharing with us. Will keep supporting as long as you'll have us, stay awesome Pewds!
We love you felix ! <3
Japan videos are awesome
You have a lot of support online and I'm sure in real life too. I'm glad you're staying and creating the content you want! I'm really enjoying the new pewds, because you seem to be happier ❤️
thank u so much pewds :)))))) for not quitting back then
We're in the lategame bois
new headphones?
Thank you for the many years of those times I watch you during the Golden Age. Barrel ,Stefano even chair and  table will miss you, let's go brofist, let's go chair mode ,thank you for everything.
I remember the good old days with happy wheels and horror games.
no matter what you do pewds i will be here watching and enjoying like i have for the past god know how many years!! we love you and support you all the way xx
Actually I wanted to start uploading and start a gaming channel and this gave me motivation to pewds <3
All I need is you talking in a video time to time...I grew up with you
I dunno what to say but I literally learned English from Pewds
“There’s more happiness in giving than receiving”
very cool headphones
Understandable pewds *^* please keep enjoying Japan as the way you make your video too. It doesnt matter how long it takes
How about try minecraft with mods? I can build you a fantastic RPG world
Its nice that those who I watch the most back then being Pewds and Casey Neistat are both semi retired now and doesnt upload daily like before but whenever they do it feels like catching up with an old friend.
I’m happy Felix is making content that really enjoys and that he is just trying to focus on himself!
The more this channel has evolved/changed, the more I've been watching it.   I don't like his earlier content. Since then, these Japan videos have me invested.
Do whatever man, can't wait to see what you do.
Do your thing bro!!!!
Thank you for these kind of videos.  ''real talk'' motivates me to be real and talk about whats going on and you  making these with all these viewers makes you my role model
that was one wholesome video brofist👊👊
Appreciate you Felix! Here to enjoy and support no matter where you want to take your channel
Been here since I was in the 5th or 6th grade, good lord. I graduate from university this week. Been here for nearly 10 years, and I'm really glad Felix is still here after all this time.
You don't owe us a damn thing you could've fully stopped 7 or 8 years ago with no uploads, just enjoy life and do what yer doing now do it because ya want to.
We love you, its not like quitting, prolly like just continue the chill and we are just vibin here these days, we'll always be here
Jävla kung hoppas du ser denna 🙂
Been watching you since I was 10 years old. It's been a great 9 years, and honestly I still absolutely adore your content, do what you love man, I will still be here consuming new and old content, enjoy yourself. Have fun, and post whatever you enjoy posting. Many of us will still be here.
The views may pale in comparison to the subs, but the people that still watch are just the ones that enjoy pewds for what he is
Minecraft season 2?
Man I love you
I honestly love this stage of your youtube life where you just kinda post whatever you want, like little updates on how you're doing and stuff you're doing, it's rly cool. I'd love to see more literature and/or philosophy videos if you ever get around or feel like making them! Been watching you consistently since 2013
Much Love you do you bro. Ill keep watching.
I joined the bro army back in 2014, and kept watching your content for now 7-8 years I think. The level of growth you’ve shown is why you are the best and my personal favourite and will always be, even now you keep growing.   Do what you enjoy, you will not disappoint anyone here, you’ve made your mark that will forever be remembered.   You pretty much done all sorts of content, and clowned all sorts of content too lol! Share whatever you want whenever you want, I don’t know about others but personally I will watch it still and enjoy it. Thank you for the amazing time ❤
Whatever you do or whatever happens in the future! YOU will be NUMBER 1 youtuber. It was litterly you that made this community. Back in the days, everyone knew about youtube because of you, because you was the one everyone watched.
I remember always looking forward to fridays because of you. Now thinking, planning, and possibly trying in the future to be a youtuber myself; I've never realized until now how much of an inspiration you have become. Hoping for your happiness, pewds!!
Been loving the Vlog content honestly.  this isnt the first time youve evolved.  keep doing what you want, we love it.
I started watching your vids since slenderman times and i was around 13 years old that time and now I'm going to be 23 this coming january, miss the old vids that you are doing before hope you can still make vid the way you had before but man, keep doing what you wanted for yourself now enjoy your new life in japan pewds.  Love from philippines 😊
cool headphone
Brofist at the end was the best part of the video, so many memories  came back in one move.
Bonk
Pewds, we really appreciate that you're still with us. Doesn't matter if you upload daily/weekly/monthly - what matters is that you still want to do it!  Do what satisfy you the most as the creator - we support you! Cheers 🍺
To be honest you did quit. It can be seen through the content you post now compared to back then. Its all less organized and less frequent. Does not feel like you pursue a goal, but instead do as you please. It feels like "Hey lets just upload this because i want to". And by the end of the day, this is your legacy, this is you. This comment is meant to be positive, WE ALL appreciate still having you and being able to watch your lifes journey alongside ours. Stay safe and healthy to you and your loved ones!!!
All I want is an update on the Hardcore Minecraft world! 😂
Indian fan like 😀😀 other country fan comment
gg
This made me turn to notifications on. <3
So glad you didnt quit and I personally love more of the lifestyle videos you have been doing. People follow your channel for YOU and your sweet little family!
Alpha males don't quit, they retire or die.👍👊
Imagine getting angry because your favorite youtuber does what he likes te most. Bro you could make bread review work Pewds.
sooo so so so so wholesome <3 ... we're here whenever you post whatever you post.. we love yooouuu..
Äääh. Börja på ny kula med Minecraft👍🏼
Focus on you Felix so proud of your growth as a person and you finally getting to relax and see all the changes you've made in your own life but many others aswell. Take as much time as you need and always put yourself first. Thanks for all your hard work and hanging in there
great guy
Ayo?
I prefer your new style of videos, AR (After retirement)
Love you man just do what you want,the people who love you will support you Brofist
We’re all loving the Japan vlogs! Keep doing whatever makes you happy
Your channel is now a museum, Felix. We treasure every video ♥️
LOVE YOU FELIX!!!❤️
Felix aging like a fine wine and so are we🤣😂
You have achieved inner peace. Take care of it.
I'm proud of you pewds 👊
Felix you're SO cute!
if you ever quit...dont delete the chanel pls
*TUNG* I like the sound of it. *TUNG*
I still really enjoy as well when you do the one of play throughs (loved your commentary on Tsushima and Last of us) and your book reviews. Your channel, though I may not watch every video now a days, is really nice to come back to every once in a while, like visiting an old friend. Thank you man!
Brofist 😭 I'm not crying.. you're crying
i can't stop staring at how large your headphones are
Just love you bro
I'm glad you retired and just doing YouTube for fun without feeling any pressure from it and I'm okay with that
Tears of joy I'm sooooo happy to know that it feels like you're having your second wind I was so afraid you were going to quit. I'll forever and always support you Felix! I really hope I get a chance to say virtually say hi before you quit. Been here for 9 years and I've loved every phase. AWOOOH *BROFIST*
Your a huge inspiration for me (bro fist) YouTube would have lost a real one if you ever left.💯
We're about the same age, never watched you when that was the meta though had nothing against you. "He's a cool guy but that content is not my stuff". The older I get the more I've come to appreciate your content for how real you have (mostly) been through the years and these past videos of you just being you feel like such a breather in the current state of youtube. Thinking "Pewds is a smart and strong guy, he'll be fine" I never bothered cheering you up when cancel culture went for you, but in case you ever doubted yourself I want to say you're amazing and no matter what anyone says, if you have as many views as you do that is because many other people love your content too. Thank you for bringing a smile to my face after some long days. Thank you for staying true to yourself. My dude as long as you're happy you're winning in life so do what you want and enjoy Japan as much as you can, and if you upload then see you again there. Bro fist Felix.
Pew I loved so much your random vlogs vids in Japan . Keep your mind healthy and Do whatever you want as long as you happy with it. No need to prove something, You already done your best as veteran/Legend here for A decade. We support you .
I love your content and will keep on loving it. Once you want to quit we will support you, but as long as you're around we'll keep on watching and loving your content
Remember the Minecraft binges! Never seen a human struggle that hard mentally  We love you Felix!
don't quit, please atleast if you're want a holiday it's okay ❤️🙏
glad you and marzia are taking time to enjoy yourselves and live life!!
I just couldn't take you seriously with that huge headset lmao, sorry. Do love the new vlog content tho its great!
Please bring back BeastMaster69 as a passion project 🙏🏻
why are you wearing the heavy ass headphones (dankpods viewers help me remember the name)
Ay listen idk if he’ll see this but I’ve been watching you since 2011-2012 Stefano and stuff. It’s nice to see you here and there. But I just wanted you to know you literally raised a whole generation of kids lol. We’d come home and watch the new peers video after school or sports or whatever. Every Friday we had Friday’s with pewdiepie. It will always be a joy to us kids who you helped raised see you on yt. Whenever you upload well watch and no matter what we support you. I hope you’re living life to the fullest pewdiepie. You’re awesome.
People grow and change, so should their content!
The "I'm gonna make the content that I want for fun and enjoy my life" Pewds is honestly a vibe. It's refreshing to watch and honestly, I find it really inspiring. I feel like many parts of life now is about upholding all these superficial goals or images to kind of keep face with everyone's expectations. But watching you go "I'm just going to enjoy things at my pace now" I think is really empowering and a message I resonate with. Thank you Pewds, keep doing what you're doing!
I'm just gonna say "Thank you Felix"
Stolen comment from @Riser but its true  *Honestly I've been really enjoying the* _"Felix enjoying his life and doing whatever the fuck he wants because he doesn't worry about content anymore"_ *arc, so please, keep doing whatever you want to do, me and many others would still be here for that.*
i wasnt ready for the feels :((
The evolution of the channel reflects the evolution of the individual. Pewds channel is just pewds - Pewds changes, channel changes. Also audience changes from 9-year-olds, to 19, to 29.  We can't all stay 9 forever.
Get your Spark again with playing some SoulsBorne Ring Miyazaki Soft Games!!! That's the real channel  contribution - (That's' where you have started from)for us as a community that supports you and for you as being such a strong person.
Pewds please dont quit. We love you and feel like home. Do whatever you want, you are just happy for you to be here.
Please don't quit..
Bro he is literally enjoying it.....he doesn't even do intros
I have heard pewds say this same message about not caring about money,subs,views etc.many times, too many times.
DONT QUIT PLEASE😫💗💗💗❤
just do what you do..you are always the best pewds !!!
THANKS GOD YOU DIDN'T QUIT!!!!!! I WISH YOU COULD UPLOAD FOREVER EVEN THO I KNOW ONE DAY YOU'LL STOP , THAT'S MAKING ME SO SAD😔
Just do whatever you want Felix, we will support whichever road you take.
Don't quit... be a legend who do his job till death..
I'll always watch poods. Love your recent videos about moving to Japan.
Tack så mycket min kompis!
Anyone else been here since the call of duty days? I’ve switched through 4 YouTube accounts through the years and honestly seeing change isn’t ever a bad thing it may not be everyone’s taste in content, but it makes me and I’m sure others happy to see Felix and Marzia truly happy and enjoying life.
I like watching you have fun and being happy around Japan
I wish you never quit and enjoy your YouTube journey because we enjoy your content..!  But if you feel like leaving YouTube we 9 years old will always support you.
Any plans on Christmas?.... Just a random question 🤣🤣🤣
i appreciate all uploads and i am happy you can do it to make you happy. makes the videos feel more wholesome
I'm so glad Felix is back to doing YT for FUN and not for his career. He's made it. People focus so much on making bank or getting views that they forget those things are temporary. Satisfaction for a job well done lasts a lifetime. And as someone who has been subbed for almost all of those 10 years, I'm glad to see you back to your roots, Pewds.  Stay awesome, bro 👊
Thanks for sticking around, man. It's always good hearing from you. (:
Good for you.. we happy for you
This man has been a big part of my youth and yes I really miss waking up to a new pewdiepie video but seeing felix just be felix and enjoy his life is something I want to see him doing rather than have an everday video that was slowly draining him.
So we gonna get more videos with ken?
Away ago during the t series vs pewds I was going to watch a random hentai video and in the opening credits it was just sub to pewDiepie
I'm having fun clicking the like button
I personally love these chill vlogs you're doing at the moment! You can tell that you're just loving life, you've done the grind now enjoy the fruits of your labour!
Dude I have grown so much as a person just following your journey and listening to your reflections. If you're having a good time having fun uploading, go off bro. Nothings gonna stop you!
If you cried at the brofist part, you're not alone. :')  P.S. We'll always love you, Pewds. We understand you and we don't want to change you. I'm proud of how far you've come. But i'll never stop rewatching your old gaming videos. I loved you then and I love you now. - An old Pewdiepie fan
brofist! some things do never change, just be at your pace Felix!
sounds like what ryan higa went through as well :')  thanks for the mmrs pewds, looking forward to your new ventures
Yea thought you were going to quit after you said the n-word with the hard er and the other racist stuff
man, why would you quit...
Love it pewds!  We are older now, we like new stuff as well.  You could lose 100M subscribers and still have a worthy channel.  Have a baby r Already!  That will bring in even more perspective worth sharing!
We love you Felix this channel has gone through so many changes and I’ve grown up watching you and thank you for doing what you’re doing
Live your life to the best it could be.
You're getting a bit lame Felix. We're here to have fun not to be jealous of what you have.
I love you pewds we will support you forever
Thankyou from the bottom of heart for not quitting youtube. It genuinely concerns me. All the memories, fun, ups n downs were a rollarcoaster ride for OG supporters like me and might be for other also. Keep doing what you r doing felix. Brofist 👊 ❤😇
My dream is to go surfing. If you'd be down, a surf series would be awesome!!
I feel like there has been a rising interest in seeing content creators just living well. No boasting just "I am having such s good time!"  People really seem to enjoy just being happy for someone. Especially when that person in question brought a lot of happiness in one form or another to them.
I absolutely love the japan content. Lets me see the country I was born in, I lived in Komae-shi and seeing local Tokyo reminds me that I could always feel at home when I move back, when ever that will be. Keep it up man I love the fun content.
This is the best your channel has ever been
I don't mean anything by it but he has mask tan and something I'd expect being in Japan but I can't not see it 😂
I have a question. Will you make more videos with CinnamonToastKen?
You could quit with all the promo's and ads.. i mean, how much money do you really need?
don't quit and more vlogs
for me you are in some kind of OVA episode, the extra chapter after the main story end type of thing. And i love it so much
We love you ❤ Pewds
Did anyone else get sort of anxious midway between the video that he might be quitting?
Felix pin this comment right now
I agree with the others, I enjoy seeing these new vlogs  a lot. They’re so calm and happy, it’s so wholesome to see that
love you and your vids will be here for as long i live
I love pewds literature club❤
Go for a podcast bro
No matter how this journey will end, we'll always have our adventures to look back to. But for now, let’s just enjoy while we still can:)
This, right here, is my favorite Pewds
How about streaming with Doc again?
Please dont quit..or I'll kill myself
We support you in every chapter! You've been such an amazing and genuine presence on YouTube and I'm so happy you are still posting:) brofist!👊
Why would other people ask you to quit? It’s your creation that’s made millions happy, fuck the numbers and money that’s just a plus.
Damn, why are my eyes sweating?
Love u Felix❤
i think this is what contents should be, not pushed or too try hard, just chilling and uploading cool stuff we know or found in our lives
at this point, we don't really care about what type of content you make anymore, we're honestly just here to watch you for you. Thank you for sharing with us all this time! been watching you since I was in middle school now I am almost finished with college. honestly, your content and marzia's content (when she was still on youtube) had a lot of impact on me growing up. So glad you are still here sharing with us even after you've reached your "happy ending". brofist!
Chapter 22 Japan was cool, but what will happen in chapter 23?
Pewds when will you start a family vlog channel
Maybe others share this sentiment, but I definitely feel like I grew up watching your videos, meaning that I also matured with them. For a while, I enjoyed pew news and other drama stuff, but I also came to realise how redundant and pointless it can be. There's endless amounts of content on YouTube, so don't try and conform, many people watch your videos to see you
Appreciate the content that felix brings and continues to motivate his audience as a leader should big pp Gang/FloorGang  4 life
❤
you are awesome keep moving forward brother You are the best
Just go film yourself being dumb-mode
jesus the zoom outs are fucking cringe
those headphones look whacky as hell is that a Meze product of some sort ?
Just PewDiePie saying thanks to his simps
power washing with markiplier when?
You're awesome, I've followed you for a very very long time. I didn't know gaming channels even existed on youtube until I found you way back in the day.  It shaped how I enjoy youtube, you are an icon. An iconic youtuber. I've always loved your content and I will continue to. Enjoy your life, you've definitely earned it.
Love to hear that
I love the japan vlogs. I think they are so amazing because you are genuinely happy and posting for fun. Do it for fun, and when it's not fun move on.
Enjoy yourself Felix, We love you <3
Just happy seeing you happy after so many years watching you (not that you weren't happy before).. feels like the content has grown with me at my age level.. I love the chill PewDiePie
this is the best way to do youtube
I think you are doing something positive and worthwhile for the people of YouTube. You're showing people that there's more to life than the embedded growth obligations of big soulless corporations. I love your book reviews, and just seeing you share whatever you want to share.  The Quartering can watch his Social Blade like a hawk, trying to maximize viewership, but that's a race to the bottom in terms of quality of life.
honestly, go for it! enjoy life in Japan!
Youtube without PewDiePie is like meatball without ball
No, i can’t see you quit❤
bro its been what yrs since Minecraft??? been watching way before it im so fcken old now, also pewds got me into working out now i literally cannot sleep if i haven't beat the fck out of my body
I prefer the new style of videos by a lot. It gives me inspiration to build my life in a similar way. Thanks very much for sharing! ほんとにありがとう！
Guys this is not pewdiepie, we all knew that pewds wanted to quit and live in hentai land the rest of his life but this is felix kjellberg who kidnapped pewds and put him in a closet, cuz felix want all that bread for himself..
BRING 👏 BACK 👏 BOOK 👏 CLUB
No worries Felix! 😌💙🖤💕💞✨
That brofist hits different this time. Perhaps he wants to retire but decided to stay connected with his bros anyway. 😭 Thanks bro.
Crazy thing is that more than 1.4% of Earths population is subbed to PewDiePie. Think about it...
Bro just retire stop working for nothing fun is not just games and reactions come just explore earth , actually I see that the channel has die, I do understand the pain but trust me retiring is the option. The fans will be sad but it js for your good.
Your transformation has been pretty inspiring and I love to see it. I'd like to say it gave me encouragement to make a tough decision recently in my own life for the better. I have zero regrets. :)
<3
You've done a lot for us and I believe you've already acknowledge that felix. So just do what you enjoy, what makes you happy. We will all still be here no matter what.
Also, ballin with those Audeze LCD-3
your japan vlogs make me so happy look forward to every one 🫶🏻
not me staring on the pair off thousand dollars headphones lol! that is sick!!
Congrats on everything Felix  I’m a fan of all of your content especially the newer Japan vlogs and stuff   I’ll always watch your videos and I’m so happy that you are in a good place  And I always wish the best for all of you (:
Always here pewds , always.
Pewds, you probably won't see this, but I have been watching you ever since happy wheels and the Walking Dead. You've been apart of my life for almost ten years, a third of my life. While I don't regularly watch your videos anymore, I always come back to see what you're up to.  Its good you're taking time for yourself, enjoy it mate. Thanks for all the memories.
Focus on the process never on the result.
I support whatever you choose, I appreciate every video you make but I completely understand why you'd want to walk away at some point.
Glad to have you here, yt would be dead without u, just keep it up at your own pace
I think you should quit once you start not enjoying it anymore..
An actor that made it can choose what movies to do and may chose to do smaller art-film projects. A singer that has made it can make albums that are less mainstream just because that is what they feel like doing. You, Pewds, is a YouTuber that has made it. Be proud and do whatever you want to do. You have earned it the same way other artists and craftsmen have when fame gives them opportunity.
TBH I love this channel more than I’ve ever had ATM. You do you, Felix. ❤️
Hope you stick around doing philosophy videos and other more deep stuff, as well as the occasional funnies.
Please don’t we need and love you ❤️
Thanks for being such a big part of my life as corny as that sounds. Watched countless hours of you throughout my high school years, college years, and now I’m getting close to 30 which is crazy to me. You’ve been a rock of YouTube in my life for so long, whenever you call it quits I can say I’ve enjoyed the ride Pewds. Bro fist 👊
man really i love your videos ! pls dont quit because of others keep doing what you want !dont take the stress of uploading 👍
Love you Felix
Damn
Pewds don't leave us :'> you're already part of our life
NEVER STOP PEWDIEPIE. WE NEED THE KING OF YOU TUBE TO KEEP HIS THRONE !!!  Keep it up, Felix. We love you, no matter what.
Every good things must come to an end for new good things.
you the best pewds relax we getting old also haha
can we just go back to gaming?
Nice
Idk if you will ever read this, i usually never comment any YouTube video, or actually, but I am from Mexico, and I swear I grew up watching your videos, since I was 14, now I am 22, i feel like you have been part of my life, and I feel so happy you achieve happiness, bro a swear you safe my life in the dark days, you’ll probably never know but u are a hero, I just wanna thank u for everything
👊
They secret to success is believing in yourself and believing you can do it.
I have watched you since the beginning. It's been hard morally to continue to watch you. I feel like you don't care about people you hurt now. Like the deaf girl. I just am sad about how you and the community turned out. Most of this community it seems are all white guys and there really seems like there is no diversity.
thank you for the update it's awesome to hear whats going on 🥰
I love the Japan videos more than any other videos. Why quit with something you like? Feels like some people never allow others to just to just be happy where they are in their career, it always has to change and you need to strive for more and more. Being happy where you are in this moment is such an awesome feeling and one that some never manage to feel.
W
Love you pewds been here since amnesia. Good ole days. I still love your comfy japan vlogs. Keep em coming 🙂
You should do music now :)
Ugh wow this is so wholesome it makes me happy. I’m not crying you’re crying!
I don't see this as a retirement i guess it's what's best for everyone Pewds do what he likes and enjoy it and we enjoy it more because we know he is enjoying it too! not gonna lie though i think he should do what he wants even if it's quitting altoghater and but I would be very sad if he Just left YouTube for good 👍
I remember when I discovered you when I was about 11 years old. Now I’m 21 and it almost surprised me that’s it’s been a decade since I was subscribed to you. I definitely gotta admit that I don’t watch your current videos as much as the older ones, but I’ve stayed subscribed because of all the good memories I’ve had watching your older videos, and talking with my friends in elementary about you lol. But, stay awesome and always remember you will have support around you.
That brofist really hit me with nostalgia. Bro I even got chills from it <3
As long as you're having fun, we're having fun
Hiw much did nord vpn pay you?
We really like to know you, and we appreciate the honesty and how much you grew. This is a journey that we really love you share with us. Thank you, Pewds.
What color is your Bugatti?
u are u, u dont have to defind urself
Felix must be the first man on planet to "beat" the Youtube game. Been there, done that, didn't quit cus he fell off, but by his own decision. Godspeed Pewds.
Hi
Pewds inner boomer kicking in
6:12 ,  Shorts? I understand if you have hairy legs, it can be a bit of an eye sore, I know this myself. But they're so comfy?
It's been really fun growing up with you. Here for whatever you decide to share with us next Felix. 🤍
surfing videos????? leggo
You started YouTube because of the right thing. Not because you needed money or wanted fame. Because you had fun with it. And that's why you got so successful. You did it right <3 I'm so so proud
you had me at the first part ngl
Our Hero is getting old
I mean didn’t you though
Honestly, YouTube is the best when people do what they enjoy (it shows!) and changes have almost always been positive in that regard. I believe in the saying `its best to leave on a high note/Don't wear out your welcome` when it comes to any kind of content. I've been enjoying your content for years and am growing with it; so thank you for all the years of entertainment, can't wait what comes next! Keep on doing what feels right!
I’m glad you didn’t quit.
I’m glad you didn’t quit.
Well if you ever decide to check the comments can you spare a few seconds to answer what the fricky schwicky happened with the audio at 2:58
I loveeee you enjoying your channell. Especially you showing us Japan. I love the vlogs so calming. So proud of you been watching you since cry of fear. I'm so proud of you Felix 😁
you can rest now my king ,enjoy your life to the fullest we are always by your side🤴
Look, I've been here since the Ao-oni videos, been watching pewds on and off for such a long time, it's great to just check in and see the new arcs and his life evolving.  I even remember having to download his videos in high school just to be able to watch them at home.   Do what you want Felix, I think your past the point of being pressured into doing anything  Have fun with life 200k gang
All I can say is Felix do what makes you happy and brings you satisfaction.
You're at a perfect place. You can do it for fun and it doesn't matter if 500 or 500,000 watch it. Getting to a point in life where we not stressed about money, relationships, etc and just enjoy life is what most people strive for so congrats on getting there much quicker than many.
Just go to wacky weekend with Chris and Connor and I'll be happy
Keep doing good pewds
Been watching you for years and I am so happy for you) I will continue to watch your content and enjoy the journey )
New content slaps. I love to see him being actually happy. It helps me visualize what we can all achieve.
Because it's to late for a real job
Felix, DO YOU! You're at a chill point in your life, and you just want to enjoy it and not have to focus on building the channel anymore, and post things when you feel like it. I do that already and I don't even have 100 subs lmao. Enjoy yourself, enjoy Japan, enjoy your wife, enjoy your life.
Can we get a Japan version of beastmaster64?
You are always an inspiring person. The fact that after all you decided to do what u like and live the way you want, shows that no matter how famous u get or how much pressure is on you from people, you SHOULD choose the way of your life. Thank you for years of joy! We love u Felix <3
i expect to see you as grandpa pewdipie in 50 years. you are like pokemon for all generations so everyone can experience it. now that you are in Japan, it fits better.
Hey 👋 remember not trying to be perfect, even you think you have to be in certain way because you want others approval or something you are letting others down everybody expects something different you just enjoy what you do and ppl who watches you for you not for the content will be with you. :)
Speaking about making "distractions" videos like meme reviews and stuff, I think you underestimate how something like that can help people to get through some rough times. Surely, it's not a solution in a long run, but I feel like you are undervaluing how helpful you can be
Pewds, most of us just like you as a person and will enjoy whatever you choose to make! We're just happy we still get to see you!
when he did the Bro Fist i cried, thank you for all your content, all your effort, and for your life! stay awesome bro!
Poods  vlogs neva die  Me old fan love your vids eather ones gaming n others yea 💝
I still really love your content, been here since you shifted to commentary on the world post happy wheels.   One thing I wish you hadn't given up on was the music, I know Coco must have been a huge let down when it got taken down, but a clip of another song you were working on that you shared on a stream got me super pumped looking forward to hearing what else you had made.  It is what it is, but I hold some hope that you'll pick it back up again one day.
pls post a meme review and gameplay vid before the end of this year pewds
Do whatever you want! I am always happy just seeing your notifications on YouTube. I love whatever you share :)
I'm, right now, in the same situation as you were back then, doing something I don't like hoping for something better to come up
Time for pewdiepie step into vtubing arc😎
I remember watching that video 2 years ago and being so so scared that you would quit because I’ve watched you since I was 9 years old. I’m so glad you’ve still stuck around, and your videos have helped me through so much, you have no idea your impact on my life. Thank you for sticking around pewds, we love you so much ❤️
I look forward to seeing your kids go to college video 🤣
the neverending story bruh 🤣
Felix I don't like when you say that I hate that your saying I'm in PAIN and your not we're all in PAIN so be a new man say that as your wish AND EXPAND YOUR MINECRAFT HARDCORE YOUR NOT EVEN MEETING SVEN AND I THINK HIS SAD AND YOUR MAKING ALOT OF VEIWS THAT CAN BE S*** ON GAMES THAT GO UP TO 111B SO TRY MORE GAMES LIKE GO BACK TO ROBLOX SO CAN BEAT COCOMELONS A** AND KEEP GOING!
Japan arc>>>
So, no MrBeast V/S Pewdiepie, Mrbeast Disstrack?🙁
Proud of you Felix. Happy for you and your family.
how about: *don’t quit*
We love you felix!
Those edphones thou cost a pretty dollar
Personally I just enjoy ur content. So I dunno. Especially now. It's cool to see things from your perspective in Japan and that ur just having a good time. It's like "well he's enjoying his day I should to." Improves my attitude I guess.
why not get this channel again to be the top on youtube
Love you Pewds I´ll be here as long you´re happy doing it!
LOVE YOU FELIXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
keep doing what youre doing if it makes you happy, we wont stop watching <33
That brofist hit different 😢
Make any videos you like, Pewds. Take your time.
Watching this feels like reading the extra chapters of a finished manga.
Do whatever you want with your life. Just be a good person.
Bro please quite you are clearly out of relevant
👊
PewDiePie always be fresh to watch. He grows with his audience and with the internet as a whole.
you should make another YouTube account and start learning any new hobbies on there like origami or learning Japanese or just generally things you wanted to do it would be so fun watching you learn new skills and supporting you through the hard and easy.
I’ve watched this man grown and mature so glad he’s focusing on other things besides YouTube
keep going brooo❤❤🫂
Ok good BUT WHAT ARE THOSE HEADPHONESSSSSS
Brofist
you thank us, but WE THANK YOU ❤️
I'm happy that Felix is taking on this new outlook on the channel and I still pretty much enjoy everything he posts, as I grew up watching him his videos now feel more like that of a friend instead of an entertainer, and one wants their friends to be happy.
I’ll always be a fan no matter what! 👊
candidate as president or mayor
Can't believe it's been 10 years since I was some weirdo watching you play amnesia and getting excited for Fridays with pewdiepie.
Hey Felix keep doing what make you and Marzia happy and having fun I love you and Marzia so much
when next happy wheel episode?
red cable is right channel Felix. unsubscribed.
I heartly felt that outro
Just be honest dude you didn't quit because you were making boat loads of money with minimal effort no one's gonna blame you but stop pretending it's for any other reason.
Keep uploading for our sake
Fire head phones
These videos are always my favourites :) So good to see you share Felix!  Cheers for the future
Be the next top G
Well tbh I like your reddit phase the most cuz you were funny enough but not as loud as during your older era (not saying your older shenanigans were bad, those were also good). Thank you for creating all those contents over the years, I'll watch your future vids if I like them
I know you'll never gonna see this. But i just wanted to tell you that thank you for all the videos that you uploaded. I grew up watching your videos since 2012 and you gave me a lot of hope in my life. I was 13 yrs old back then, now I'm already 23yrs old😂😂😂  time really does fly so fast. Thankyou so much Felix! 👌👌👌
You are so wholesome. I enjoy your humor and content. Experiencing Japan through your lens is a sick bonus. I’m glad you aren’t a quitter. 🫶🏽
Thank you Felix ♥️ we love you continuously uploading. We have become so accustomed to seeing you evolve in life, and it would be so odd for it all to just stop some day. It would make more since if it just started to slow down over time but to stop all at once would be sad! We love you and your family man!
28 years old here. Ive been watching you for well over 10 years now.  Ill keep watching as long as you upload,  love you man!
Eyy what a cool looking headphone
Book review
it would've been so weird if felix had actually quit youtube, because I got so used to seeing him upload that seeing him not upload anything anymore would be shocking. also, I'm glad that felix is relaxed now and that he and marzia are enjoying life in japan.
💪💪💪
You do you Pewds I will always enjoy your content whether it's a vlog, a gaming video, or anything at all I have no doubt that I will at least enjoy the video ever so slightly. Cheers to you and do whatever gives you joy and happiness.
Have a good one :D
we love you too
Love ya Pewds! Thanks for all the videos and the hard work!
Its been a fun road trip with your and your content, I love how you're having fun days in japan and these vlogs are so calming to watch.
Those headphone tho...👌👌👌
I have enjoyed your retirement. You can tell the difference now with how much you enjoy the videos you make!
👊
Hey can u plz do some series like u did for Minecraft that would be great
👊
Since the 1st time i saw u on the early 2010s you are already a legend, u are my fave, even tho i want those golden era back, where you play random indie horror, i still glad that you are very happy at ur life right now thanks felix for good ol memories
Just take your time and relax you deserve it...You Tube isnt going anywhere we will be here once you get your groove back
Mr. Beast Is catching  up to you
Been following you since 2011, love you Felix
Ayo fair Pop off and do what you want to do and if you go back on it because it's not working out, valid Take care Pewds
I swear If U quit ytub one day i delete it in that day too
START A PODCAST ALREADY IT WILL BE THE BIGGEST THING ON INTERNET
For everyone telling you to quit there's 50 more silent folks who support you.
Sure, I maybe miss some of the old content but hey it’s still fun to see you enjoy life in Japan and not care about all the stuff happening around in the YT sphere. I can somewhat relate being the same age and just not care about drama and shit, and just enjoy life.   I do hope we will continue to see uploads time to time similar to the later ones, but it’s not the end of the world if it doesn’t either.   Love from a pretty windy Gothenburg
Keep up with the vlogs, Felix! 🇵🇭
At this point Felix we just want to see you. Without you on YouTube it wouldn’t be the same. No matter what you upload whether it be a vlog or a gaming video.
live your life the way you want
Horror pewds, let’s go lol.
Pews is one of the reasons I turned my life around. Thx homie. Your contributions will always be cherished no matter your future path.
Thank you Felix
Im so happy youre happy! Vlogs arent my thing and i dont watch all of your videos right now, but if its your style and youre enjoing it im happy too and sure that all the bros are too.
A slice of life
If it's what you like doing, I'd love to watch more book reviews in the future. Your collection has gotten pretty big back there, and knowing you like philosophy a lot, I'd like to suggest a book for it. A friend of mine introduced me to "12 Rules For Life" by Jordan Peterson. Good read. It's entertaining and incredibly deep. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it! Stay safe Pewds.
Love you sm felix ❤️❤️
Personally I feel like most people that stuck around from the beginnings of pewdses channel really enjoy the content no matter what the basis of the videos are, nevertheless an important factor is to see that pewds is actually enjoying what he's doing - it's a totally different aura
I’m here for all of it!
Pewds is Pokémon Trainer Red waiting at the top of mount silver (Japan)
And this is why people love you Felix. You laugh you PewdiePie.
It's simple, you've grown up.
I honestly haven’t seen pewd in years but this Japanese arc is so gravitational & relaxing
Hi Felix. I'm a huge fan from Philippines and I just wanted to say thank you so much for being a great entertainer at youtube. I've been watching you since I started created this account since 2015. I don't usually commented on your videos but I'm a silent watcher that really enjoys your wonderful content. You bring so much happiness in my life and I appreciate you that you didn't quit youtube. I'm still watching you occasionally though but again thank you Felix a.k.a. PewDiePie. Brofist 👊 sorry if my english is not good.
Felix looks even better now~ My dude, just be happy with what you do. I am happy that you are still here ❤
We love you bro!   I would love to know your audio set-up! That Audeze LCD is lit man!!!
don't ever quit at least keep uploading update videos every once in a while on what u got goin on I been watching since u first started n I was in 4th grade, im goin on 22 now n it would really hurt me to see u go although I'd understand. after watching everything n going thru the journey since black ops and amnesia all the way to now, definitely gotta say. ONE OF THE GREATEST.
Japan Felix is the best!
Love you pewds
I love seeing more videos from you", especially the Japanese edition"; even the past videos where in "some of them" when you were "desperate"; I love them because you have always been yourself.  you know that there will always be that stupid someone who will bring an old phrase or something you said when you were young and let it trend on twitter, but you know what? f them!! YOU HAVE ALWAYS BEEN REAL! I literally watch you grow through your videos; there was some shit you said, but I know why and when! Don't let anyone get through to you. Do whatever you want to do, Keep it up; 111 million people enjoy your videos. The others can skip what they don't like and stop being offended all the time.
NEVER QUIT
Do more full gameplay videos, those were really great!!
Humans are curious creatures therefore making exploring videos will always be appreciated. Although distracting videos is a lot of fun during a short term, it never really let's us grow in the long run to strong human beings.
I'm glad you're here pewds. I'm also loving the Japan content atm 😁❤️
man, love you so much
Felix I’m 22 about to be 23, I’ve been watching since middle school. Do why you enjoy and your fans willing follow
wow cool headphones xd
Hey pewds when you get a chance could you possibly do another book review 🙏🏽
nooooo dameeeee
this new pewdiepie lore really hitting me in the heart bruh calm down a little
omg hi
I honestly just watch you for you not the content. I like seeing you grow and change because we all do too.
Felix, as long as you upload I will continue to watch.
Love you! Thank you Felix! Thank you for not just uploading distracting content
its 111 you know why cuz he will be always number 1  bro you can upload what ever you want when ever you want its your life have fun  ❤
Sweeden gang love your vidos Felix
I want u to do what u want Felix. Just wish u finished subnautica😂
Follow your heart man.
Here's to another 10 years! 🥂
I'm so proud of you, good to see that you  are happy with your decisions, have fun!!!
Hi Felix! I graduated from university yesterday! Throughout your channel, you've become such a major part of my life, as I assume you have for many other people here. Just knowing I'll get to watch your new video and hang out for a while meant the world, on some hard days especially. So thank you! I guess that's just all I want to say, to not drag it on any longer. Thank you for being here, thank you for being you and thank you for being a part of my life and for making it a little brighter! Love you always, Sandra <3
....i like the new pewds. no quitting.. im stuck in the middle of nowhere alaska , cant surf, miss home (hawaii) but i needed a change, life gets stale, and a change of settings and pace feels rad, so enjoy being where your at , make up your own pace and be happy . remember we all have your back
Have some kids, Pewds. What're waiting for? Baby-Pewds NOW!
What if I die
Honestly, bring back Beastmaster64. The world is ready again. Don the sixpence and cigar, and go crawling through bushes and scaring people.
Tô bem honest Félix, my favorite videos in your channel are the ones you posted after you moved to Japan. I feel like you are truly happy, and you have such a great energy there, I believe you should do everything you want to do, I am truly happy for you, if you want to keep posting videos, I support you (not that I matter in this context), if you decide to not post anymore videos, you will be missed, but if that is what you decide, I support you no matter what, be well bro.
That brofist made me drop a tear, we love and support u Felix cause over the years it felt like u did the same for us. ❤️
No problem dad 👊🏼
Damn those headphones are fuckin awesome!!  Besides that, it's awesome so see that you are now able to live life with YouTube on the sidelines. Just keeping the balance is so very important! Prioritise your own health and life and do whatever you want! That's what matters
The Minecraft videos I loved but I’d say do what you love and what makes you happy.
I grew up watching this man growing up.
I enjoy when you do things you enjoy, I feel others share this opinion  Thank you, Felix
We love you Pewds. We'll support you in whatever you do. Do everything at your own pace &  enjoy your life in Japan. To me, you are like a friend that I never met personally. 👊🏻
Whoever said "just quit already" needs to shut up! That person doesn't represent us. WE LOVE THESE CHILL JAPAN VLOGS
I've watched on and off through the years with some periods where the content was just not for me and other periods where I couldn't wait for a new video to pop up. These Japan videos have been incredibly chill and it's probably my favorite PewDiePie era so far. This channel has evolved so many times, it's amazing.
I think that is the best place to be. Not to worry about money, doing what you love to do, recognise your accomplishments and realise your self in an activity. Purrrfect, happy for you Felix (140% muscle increase)!
The man could do a review of which of his socks have holes in them and I’d watch it, I don’t really come here for the content anymore, I just kind of come here for pewds, we all grew and changed with him
You came so far and you've struck all our hearts. We will all support your decisions
If you want to post vlog vids, do it. If you wanna do surfin' do it.  Compared to new aspiring youtubers, your vlogs are still doing better. At one part, people are still enjoying your videos. Hiatus will dent the channel (or anyone's), but the solid fans will stay.  ngl Brofist still feels the same.  Kudos.
Felix ... thank you for accompanying me through my childhood :)
plz bring back the bro fist :D
I love watching your videos, they have their own soul, we love you and support you
have fun bro
:)
Neat.
There's nothing wrong with being satisfied with where you are, I'm glad you stuck around, and there's no need to try to get bigger when you've basically won youtube if you don't want to. Have fun with it, I'm happy for you Pewds.
We'll support you no matter what, personally I've been really enjoying the vlogs over there, been a sub for a very long time, and it's nice to see that type of content, Marzia is an amazing editor btw! I agree as well, it's better to do what you like, to do what you want to do, making content for the main purpose of sharing it with others and having fun with it despite the viewer increase or decrease!
<3
Pewds: Pause Background music: *PONG*
You started out so enthusiastic about the games you played, you focused on having fun and sharing your joy with everyone else , as much as you enjoyed the games you played,  everyone else enjoyed watching such an amazing entertaine play themr, you deserve to relax and have fun. though youtube is so stressful keeping up with what others want...😔 you will find happiness i know this much, you are rich now and money cant compare to the feelings and enjoyment you first had when you stated youtube. So please dont let your happiness change always look forward to something and enjoy thant things as much as you can 😄
I really liked your book uploads. I’ve found some great reads from those.
I'm so happy you decided to stay, I mean of course we would be fine if you quit. But i'm glad we still get to watch new pewdiepie videos
You army loves you pewds, I like how you get the things off your chest in these videos. We all stand strong with you.
We’re here for you and supporting everything you do❤️
Im glad Felix “retired” it’s a huge stress reliever and he has other priorities in his life. I will always appreciate that he cares about us and what he wants us to see or experience in his videos. Felix has done amazing things for us and people around the world especially when he streamed and gave the money to charity. I’m so happy he still uploads for a genuine reason that YouTube was truly meant for. For FUN!
Quit the rat race to spend time doing things you enjoy. Nothing wrong with that!
You do you 🖤 I will always be excited when I see a new upload from you no matter the time in between them!
Love you pewds, we’ll support you no matter what you choose to do. Been a fan since 2012 basically i grew up watching you I’m 23 now and you got me through tough times and It makes me happy and motivated seeing you enjoy life.   Thank you for being you!
As a person who have been watching you for 8 years, ever since i was 12 you have always been a person that I find joy and pure fun whenever I watch your videos. I am now 20 and things are still the same, watching you till this day. Thank you for everything and stay awesome!!
Live yo live man!! you’ll always have the support from your fans.
Just don’t quit, even if you post once a year or whenever you feel like. I would hate for you to say “that’s it I’m never coming back” when you upload you upload
I just miss you playing games Pewds but everyone grows up. So fun following you since your outlast gameplay
pewdiepies  yutube is like a digimon evolving !
I'd be really sad if you quit Pewds
pls don't quit pewds.. it's fun seeing you happy.. we're enjoying it.
do whatever I'd love to see more from you but hey I would if was you so you do you
The level of audacity for anybody to tell him that he should quit is astounding.
Big Cheese Time
Tack Felix slutet gott allting gott ❤
I’m so glad you didn’t quit. I like that you make content you want to make. And who cares if you’ve made videos a long time. Adam the woo is in his mid 40s and I love the dude and his videos lol
QUIT ALREADY! 😂😂😂❤❤❤
What headphone is he wearing?
I gotchu pewds, going foward you don't need to sorry for something like this @6:39, do whatever do you want, you're still just a normal human being and there's nothing wrong about it, have fun with Marzia, Edgar, and Maya in Japan and fulfill your dream  Daijobu as japanese would say
YouTube quit recommending you eventho I'm subbed. I thought you just hadn't posted in the while! Got some vids to catch up on now
Japan arc is the best arc
i dont care whether he quit's or not, his still a G.O.A.T😀
I think you entered your retired era, just enjoy your life and upload when you want I think people will always have opinions regardless of what they say you accomplished so much and have a story to tell , it’s crazy I started watching in 2013 and to see you now is just crazy awesome !
This was on recommended! Omg!!
Nice headphones 👍
Thanks man. Appreciate you. You were a big part of my childhood
Do what makes you happy 👊
I'm completely satisfied with the vlogs right now pewds. I'm pretty sure I'll enjoy anything you post, as long as you seek happy in them
those headsets so cool
I'm loving the vlogs, they're genuine, it's not too try hard but relaxed which I really enjoy. As long as you're enjoying yourself and having fun, that's all that matters, we'll support you and the content
Lets continue doing this.... for fun!
so happy to see you smiling again felix!!
Love you man
Man like 10 years ago I watched your happy wheels videos and the barrels moments after getting out of school for the day, it's amazing to see you grow with your audience.
You fucking legend
Even if you eventually retire I know I would still check your YouTube everyday and IG to see if you uploaded anything. We support you Felix❤️
Having watched you grow and change as a person since I was like.... 13... has truely been an experience. I'm now 19, and I still enjoy watching you pewds. I hope you have a the greatest of experiences as life goes on.
Love you forever, Felix
You have made the last 10 years of YouTube fun for us all we love you in a non creepy way lol and we thank you for it all ,what ever you decide you deserve it .....brofist
Trust me, you are more entertaining than you think you are. You have always been though.
I love this video❤️I will make mines as good when the time comes😌
Totally dude. It's your channel and your life. Make it as you want it to be (within the law of course).
Bro fist!!👊🏻❤️
Pewds I'm still hoping you'd make a vid of little nightmares 2 🥺
I am so happy for you, Bro. You were one of the first YouTubers that got me acquainted to this platform (along with iDubbbz). Since then, I have followed your journey for as far as I can remember. I also followed Marzia's journey -- until she retired from the platform (which got me quite sad because she was one of the most positive and cute YouTubers on the platform). The thing is...people grow, people improve, and people change. I am very glad that you have "found yourself" at the end of the day. Do it because you love it. Do it because it is fun. Everything else should be secondary to it. Create what makes YOU PROUD and SATISFIED at the end of the day -- that is the soul of a Content Creator.   Wishing you and Marzia all the best. I will be here to follow your future adventures in Japan (one of my favorite countries in the world) and whatever else you wish to share with us. Just remember...be true to yourself. The world will adapt to that. You can never make everyone happy anyways. Those who decided to abandon you at the end of the day...?! That's their loss.
Its always amazing watching your videos lately because nothing feels forced like all the other channels on YouTube. I used to watch your videos daily for years but then stopped when I grew up and had responsibility's. But now i began watching again and I must say these uploads are very enjoyable and feel real. Keep it up.
I don't have anywords. I just simply want to say l love you pewds. Thank you for you.
I love this era of the channel I know it’s silly but I also reflected a few days ago why I started watching the channel again I guess it’s just the energy of it not being forced anymore and it actually feels like just a calm place. I started watching 10 years ago and now I am 23 so I feel the channel has evolved with me. It grew up went through cool phases and awkward phase and time where I just did not want to be here anymore. 😢 and the best part so far has been that I’ve been able to find peace and love in the channel  again as well as in PewDiePie
I'm so proud and happy for Felix I started  watching him when I was 12 ...and now I'm 21 ...I've never been this depressed and lost and just wanting to dissappear like this before but seeing the person that in a way I grew up with having a happy ending and being so carefree is really makes me feel better. I wish nothing but the best for Marzia and you Felix.
I would genuinely be sad if PewDiePie abandoned the channel. He doesn't have to upload anything specific. So long as I open up his videos tab and there's something relatively recent there, I will feel at peace.  This channel should just be whatever he likes and feels like uploading, without the pressure of being the best or going viral.  Be you Felix, post whatever makes you happy.  We just want you around.
I love you, thankyou for existed
You are semi-retired. Enjoy it. You worked hard, made the money, got the girl. You are now in a good space. You dont need to grind, but can now treat YouTube as a hobby. YouTube isn't going anywhere anytime soon.
At this point Pewds is a YouTuber as a hobby, and I love that. Maybe he can work for TRASHTASTE as an intern idk.
the way he talks now just made me realized that im old af too
LOVE U PEWDS! WILL BE HERE FOR YA NO MATTER WHAT! BROFIST
Much, much, much Love
DONT QUIT PLS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
don't quittttttt!!! ❤
If he quits, i quit watching YouTube
"I wasn't feeling good, but I knew I would be fine."   That quote hits hard but I can relate so well.
but a bugatti
I never want Felix to quit because i have enjoyed everything about him since 2011 and its hard to imagine not seeing him ever on YouTube, but at the same time, i have grown like he has, and im just happy he is happy, from the tiny apartment inn Sweden, to a new life in Japan with his wife. Just be happy and do what you want Pewds, fewer videos or No videos. Its fine, you have done it all.
play minecraft pleaseee🙏🙏🙏
Love you king
I am glad that you have decided to stay on YouTube, your videos make my day
This is how you communicate with your long distance friends. It's cool 👍
I love the character development of this new arc ! Great read 10/10.
Been watching your videos for apart 8 years now maybe a bit longer and you always make me laugh, keep up the good work, don't let the haters get to you
Watching you all these years from your funny moments to your book and games, to now where I feel like you’ve finally settled down I think everyone would be very supportive if you just stopped and just checked in once in awhile whenever you want
Enjoy YouTube, that's what matters the most !
Cool
We're here for the ride, wherever you decide to steer this thing towards in the future!!
After years of not watching (because life happens), I just started watching your videos again since I saw your Japan Vlogs and it feels like home watching your videos again and I've been watching your videos that I missed especially your reaction videos with Jack, and Ken. I'm genuinely happy to see you have a new life at Japan man. It's like I grew up together with you and all the other bros. Looking forward to see more of your adventures in there together with Marzia and the puggies, and wish you all nothing  but happiness!
i really like the direction you are taking, because it really feels genuine and honest. you are sharing what you like, what you are passionate about, and to me that has always been the best content you made. i remember watcching the videos where you talked about your favoirite books and  even though iwasnt that intresteted, i still enjoyed the video because it was clearly something you were passionate about. i really hope you keep doing this, and you should deffinetly do more videos talking about the books youve read. saludos de argentina
We always here for you, NOT for the content. Love you pewds <3
Imagine if he turned his channel into a drama influencer channel where he beefs with Tiktok and IG influencers to setup boxing matches.
This video has the same vibes as your gf breaking up with you.
Mr beast is calling.
We love you Felix don't quit
We love you Pewds. Sometimes l feel like quitting since my numbers aren't growing but l still get hope to hold on. For those of us who are starting, keep pushing!
Surfer Pewds is Da Way
I try to hop back on pewds every now and then as someone whose seen him at the age of 12 (I’m 23 now 🙃)  from watching his happy wheels vids in my kindle fire tablet at school to watching him on my broke tv at university watching lwiay  The more I saw him grow, I saw myself grow up as well  Learning from his take on Eastern and western philosophy to his live stream book readings to playing Minecraft 😂😂  But the more you get older the more time takes a toll and you start seeing the real world and it gets really hard.  Watching pewds was kinda mine and a lot of other peoples escape on the real world and I’m happy to see his journey to where he is now  But also have to say I’m happy about my journey as well  I live in New York doing film production busting my ass for a better future I haven’t seen any pewdiepie vidz for about a yearish or so but whenever I come back I can see the growth and humbleness this man has had  Safe to say I became a very humble person as well from his influences :)   Just wanted to share my take on this wonderful journey we’ve all been through  And to his new audience  You have ALOT of backlog worth of vids to enjoy  So have fun 🤣 ( that 2015-16 era was a wild time )
You can see he's happy being where he is in life
Just wanna say we love you no matter what.
cutie pie 🥧
I completely agree about shorts and tik toks and even some YouTube videos, they're degregating ppls attention spans
You may not know me at all as a person but I have watched and followed your journey on YouTube for a few years. I may not be speaking for everyone when I say this but as long as you’re happy, you can post whatever the hell you like and I’ll still watch it. Or, you don’t even need to post at all. I have older vids to keep me entertained. And if one day you decide to quit YouTube, I’d be happy to witness this chapter of your life end.
I am glad you didn't quit
please have your last video be a chill cod stream like when you first did it
For someone like me who grow  watching pewds .I do enjoy pews content now.Exciting and fun era is over.pewds aged and as well as me.I enjoy watching pewds commenting some stuff and updating what is he doing.its like settle down era for pewds and his viewers.Pewdiepie content is also something you will watch while eating too.
That was the best video I watched today This the beauty of YouTube...we grew up with our favourite creators and will still do in the future.
I love you Felix don’t quit you’ve been my safe place since 2012 😂❤️
The moment felix leaves the platform yes we will cry but well look back at all the memories we made and say our goodbyes to the pie
i love you
why dont you just do creative works
Been a hell of a ride, crazy to think about how long I've been watching YouTube and how much it's changed. Glad to have watched you then and happy to watch you now. Just remembered my old ass iPod has downloaded montage videos of yours. Back when I didn't even have my own YouTube account, time really flies
I've actually felt that the content has generally been better since he seems to be enjoying creating it as much as we enjoy watching it
Makemebad35 made a video like this 2 years ago and we never saw him since… hope Damien is doing well
this man is living the life I want
As a fan since 2012, I hope you don't quit, but rather continue making the videos that inspire you to create and those you find fulfillment and enjoyment from. Your content has become a staple for myself and others, even my gf enjoys watching with me. Really hope you'll continue for years to come at whatever pace works for you!
I've been watching your videos since the Italy apartment and I just wanna say your videos have always been a source of comfort to me (we don't talk about the cardboard cut out phase 👀) you do whatever you want, just want you to know that I'm glad you were there for me to look up to all these years. Feel like you're part of the reason I still have my head on straight.
Glad you didn't quit.. Can't imagine youtube without Pewdiepie
I’m just genuinely happy for you. Seeing you finally be where you belong and where you are happiest is awesome! Much love 🤍
Just be retired, don't daily upload just do it when you feel like it. If ppl leave you then whatever you plan on "quitting" there's no loss. Just do it for fun.
As someone close to felixs age I've always enjoyed how he changed and adapted his content. I can relate to how he feels. I enjoyed a lot of his content over the years but at my age now I don't think I would care or enjoy it as much if he still uploaded that style/genre/trend etc
Idc what anyone says pewds is the GOAT of YouTube
It does feel very wierd we are all now older and i kinda feel like over all these years that all of us and felix have grown up together. (at least that's what it feels like to me personally) you know i feel proud of pewds and how it all turned out. And now every time he uploads it feels like cathing up with an old friend. So all i wanna say is thank you felix for all these years of ups and downs. And heres to another 10 years more.
❤️❤️❤️
You are such a big part of everyone's internet lives and you don't even need to explain yourself buddy, do what you want and you'll always have a community, we aren't just your fans anymore we see you as almost a part of us. We love you Felix, from amnesia and barrels to controversies to marriage to now, we are here for you, uploading or not
do whatever will make you happy, don't try to force the uploads!
Where can I find those headphones??
My family love your channel  and watch them all together when u post.  Thanks for all your hard work
I've stopped watching your videos long time ago (mainly because I thought your content was cringe (sorry) and it just didn't click with me) but lately I've stared watching your vlogs and I have to say I'm really enjoying them so keep it up. Also it would be sad to see you disappear and I'm glad you are enjoying YouTube once again.
KEEP IT UP FELIX WE LOVE U DON'T STRESS OVER YOUTUBE
The job of a you tuber is to distract us from everything. You tubers doing drama news and meme gives us an outlet from our drama and stupid memes in our lives. I don't care what you do but those videos help us and that's the point of being a YouTuber unless your doing educational content or vlogs taking  an hr a day to make us a video to distract us from our un satisfied lives. It seems to be easy to talk down to stupid content but that stupid content really does something for us to get through the days and something to laugh at when laughing is so hard.
Watch One Piece Felix gonna be the best thing ever! and make us an review!
Genuine question, did you vote in the Swedish general election this year? Seeing that right now the result of the election relies on the out-of-country vote.
We are the ones who appreciate you Pewds!
surfing vlogs lets goo, great to see you enjoying life pewds, you made mines and everyones childhood so you deserve nothing but the best, cant wait for the next video!
🥲
we also enjoy what you share with us  pewds :3
DO MORE BOOK REVIEWS!
I'm quite glad he didn't quit.
I think this is honestly the best course for this channel. Felix just seems like a more mature and older person now and I’d love to see snippets of his life. It’s crazy all the memories and journeys this channel has gone through. I hope it has many more years to come !
It feels like your good old man. Even after he's retired, he's still  hanging out with you. Talking to you and catching you up on what's happening and when he's gonna visit you. I barely watched Pewds now but back in high school, I would be watching him every single day and enjoyed the content he pumps out. Whether he plans to hang the coat and put his Pewdiepie LED Edition Throttle Series Black in the lawn and just sit back and relax or he makes more content, I'm at the very least thankful for the years of entertainment that he has given me. Thank you.
BARRELSSSS!!!!!
Papa pewds living his best life!!
This video so suddenly, out of nowhere?? You can go back to playing games again (if you want), I enjoyed your minecraft series.
so glad you are sharing for however long you want to
When are u making your debut in the world surf league? Cheers Pewds, I eagerly await your reply
The wheels of time keep turning, so try and be where you wanna be
We just want YOU and not what your content is or which game you will play.
Honestly I've been really enjoying the _"Felix enjoying his life and doing whatever the fuck he wants because he doesn't worry about content anymore"_ arc, so please, keep doing whatever you want to do, me and many others would still be here for that.
Haha these headphones 😂
Such a wholesome video out of nowhere LOL Have been watching your content for years now but I'm really glad that you've changed the way you approach content. Absolutely enjoy these chill and relaxing contents, just do whatever you feel like doing, because we'll always have your back!
plz don't quit sempai
Glad you're staying. Love your content especially the new stuff. Losing a YouTube legend AGAIN like after jenna would be crushing lol
It may be of use to think about "what service do i provide". Giving insight into Japanese culture could be it, book club was a great service also - but just sharing your leisure time in a disorganized way... that would fall into providing the equivalent of a rather junky fastfood. I'm not saying that's what you're doing; I'm just sharing what personally lets me refocus and re-find my own direction.
The bookshelf ! what books do you recognize? I see The Count Of Monte Cristo
you need to use your sanity against the powerful globalist villains in this world. you can quit when you die like the rest of us. to stop fighting is to die, or worse treason.
just seeing pewds grow into older man makes me so teary eyed..he sounds so adult ..cry :(
I' ve been a bro since 2012. On and off I wached his content and a brofist at the end... made me tear up! 🤜💙🤛
I wonder if he will ever change the channel name to his full name? He’s a different person than he was 4+ years ago.
I hope you enjoy Japan, goodbye big forehead man
Really nice to see that you're doing well! Have fun and take care ✨
Felix, I don't think I'm alone when I say that any and all content you upload for fun, we can see how much more you enjoy it. I love all the new changes and content, it's a lot calmer and you seem so, so much happier. Thank you for sticking with us, it means the world. This video made me smile a lot. You're an amazing content creator, but it's even more entertaining when you do it for fun and for yourself rather than for us. Much love to you Pewds <3 you're a phenomenal person I look up to a lot.
I'm a late subscriber. I've been subscriber for... less than five years? But even then I watched a lot of controversies and how you dealt with them and I witnessed a lot of "chapters" for you.  I'm saying this because now it feels like you're using YouTube as fully as you want to use it, which is to say, as your little platform to share little life tidbits whenever you feel like it! Like you're finally off the grind, no longer a cog in the machine of capitalizing today's trend to get the views and the clicks. People who want to climb the ladder of youtube have to employ this strategy but it feels like you're finally at a place where you're just doing this for yourself. Surely for us too, but mostly yourself. Like the days gone by where people uploaded silly videos of themselves without a care in the world.  It's a good pewdiepie era, is what I'm saying. Glad to know you're still happy to be here and enjoying taking us along for the ride! Happy days, man.
gg happy felix
Whether you retire or not if you're gonna have fun doing youtube you got to at least do the bro fist for old time's sake
You could upload a video of you feeding Maya and Edgar and I would watch it 🤷🏻‍♀️ Now do I want more book content? Yes, but it is your channel…  I was “here” when you cried in your car overwhelmed by everything… and now look at you, you are happy and calm.
HOLY FUCK. This is one of the most intelligent, genuine, well thought out videos I've ever seen on Youtube. Thank you so much for sharing! You are one of the most interesting content creators on the internet, to have everything every content creator is dreaming of, and still making content true to yourself. You're such an inspiration, thank you PewDiePie! Good luck on whatever you do going forward!
Nice dude, I hope you have fun surfing. Hej då!
It's insane to think that at any point in my life, one of the few consistencies was you and your channel. As I began to grow you were also evolving and changing your content to what felt like a match to whatever I was into or going through in life. Started watching you when I was 12 years old and I'm 22 now. Time sure does fly by. Thank you for everything and I hope you continue to find happiness is anything you do.
His headphones look like a tambourine
Why does his head look so fucking small? I can't stop looking at it. It's fucking with me so much idk.
Pewds is like the Tom Brady of quitting.
👊
6:57 that genuinely made me smile 🥺🥺🥺
I will always come back to your vids Pewds, I'm glad youre taking your needs into perspective more nowadays!
Support and respect your retirement decision and how you've gone about it. <3
I remember you asking us what type of content we would like. It was recently in a poll. I suppose that is one of those instances, where you felt bad for maybe letting people down. Maybe that's why you were so happy when we told you to do whatever you want. We can vibe together in peace now in this chaotic world. We are looking forward to whatever you have planned for us. It's been a blast
Wise words
Felix, you can do whatever you want now. We’ll just sit on the sidelines watching you enjoy life. Have fun man ❤
Sending LOVE from TW, it's been a really long time snice first meeting with Pewds, hope everything will be staying the best and maybe someday u could come n surf here lol !!!
why dont you take us surfing with you
Wtf does he have on his head?
Man I never knew the largest channel in YouTube is Pewds and I can't really see any better person to take that spot as good as Pewds. There are so many platforms with plenty of changing top 3s while on YouTube its always been Pewds. Keep doing what you do and we'll be here for you.
I hope we still get to have retired Felix videos for as long as he wants to give us videos❤️❤️❤️
👊
Its a thrill to watch your vids and hangout with you. Upload whatever game, discussion or book review you want. We'll always be here \o/
How about, you do whatever you want, you don’t have to push views and subscribers anymore, so just post what you want when you want, or don’t, it’s up to you, it’s your life, if you barely post people will still watch regardless. Do whatever you please you handsome man
Keep doing it for the fun part. Twice a month or even once a month is fine but don't quit king
I hope Minecraft or Terraria gameplay....we miss ur gameplay 🤧🤧
Japan has so many beautiful bridges , you should do some vids on them !
Been watching you since 2013 when i was 11 after a difficult move and at the time i used to get bullied alot but the videos helped me back then and id be excited to watch them after school and seen the channel go through alot of changes i will admit i wasnt here for every video and even at times left but i always came back now and then im 20 now and i still watch videos from time to time and im glad you havent quit entirely pewds even as an adult you still make my day a little brighter sometimes
Pewdiepie has become irrelevant.
I survived college, thesis, internship, review before board exam, passed the board exam and now a license professional! You've always been an anchor that keeps me inspired and motivated. Your chanel has always been my breather.
Keep doing your thing dude. Or don't, it's your life
So you basically quit the grind… I respect that
I started watching your channel in 2012, still a single young lady. Now I still watch you but now with my 9 yo kid 😁
I still remember when i was still studying abroad watching pewd's videos and right now i live at the country i was born and studying college and now finishing my Thesis and taking up my OJT, i stopped keeping up on his videos but the memories i had will never be taken away and i enjoyed those times when i laughed and cried watching his videos. I watch his videos from time to time still of course. And its also nice seeing videos like this talking about the past and everything he has done and where the channel grew into~ Thank you.
I've never met this man in person but somehow I grew up with him
I want book review bring back book review please bring back book review
Can u try vlogging ur setup, house or ur daily life with ur wife .. somehow. Probably a start of something good
Pewdiepie you should record you surfing. I’ve been surfing since I was kid I try to surf every single day and strive to do more maneuvers, turns and get better over all
Take your time king
❤️❤️❤️
ngl i followed this channel from long ago, and I loved every changed this channel been through, anything u do I'll watch it anyways~
I'm really enjoying the Japan vlogs, it's really relaxing to watch, I feel like most of the fanbase has grown up, don't feel like you're letting people down and do what you want to do, Much love man ❤
pleaaase make a lway videoo
Would watch you and Ken playing dnd please do a campaign we can watch
Stay awesome Pewds !
There are things we want Pewdiepie to do for us as the audience but in all honesty, we don't NEED them because he is already a veteran in YouTube. We like them how it is, and our wish for him to have fun doing Youtube, and we are satisfied.
.
We love you so much Felix!! Enjoy your life, you have worked VERY hard to be where you are. We LOVE your content no matter what you post because we just love seeing YOU and getting to laugh with you!! Thank you for all the smiles and laughs over the years!! Also Marzia you wear the CUTEST outfits!! LOVE YOU GUYS!! :)
That's an awesome dream
I mean, I've been here for 12 years so I'm not thinking about leaving so soon!
👊 keep doin what you want pewds we love ya ❤
Thank you for continuing to make videos. I won’t say you helped me through a hard time, because I haven’t really been through any hard times lately, but your videos on philosophy, Japan, updates, and often just your regular videos have taught me a lot about life and helped me see it in a different way. I look forward to seeing more of your videos whatever you do because I really enjoy and i feel like I learn a lot from you as you have been these last 2 years.   Keep enjoying Japan!
a1, a2, a3, ...
100% peak PewDiePie NGL
I’m glad that Felix seems healthy and happy!
Can't express it enough with words, so here 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Continue being you, Pewds! Loving the new Japan content!
Thank you for still being here pewds I love you ❣️
we're glad you're happy
With this video acting as a bow-tie to it all. I'm 24 and I remember over a decade ago (2012ish) when you first became popular to children in my area of America (Midwest). You were an over-hyper, obviously clickbait-y and in all honestly in my 12 year old opinion "hyper annoying". I saw many clips of your channel that were supposed to be "highlights" and after watching pieces just feeling "This is what is top tier internet content right now?".  The first time I became somewhat of a fan was around 4 years later in 2016ish when you became more grounded and I felt as if more of your actual personality was coming out. You've truly grown into one of my most respected and loved content creators since then 6 years after that. Honestly you could retire and I'd be satisfied or you could just live your life and when that good honest feeling comes that "I would love to make a video about this" I would very much enjoy to see that :D
The Kendrick Lamar song mirror sums up this whole video…
👎👎👎👎👎👎
nice storyline
He had to grind. Don’t get it twisted. His dedication and hard work has put him in this place where he can work for “fun” now haha Enjoy returning old man.
Pewds I haven't seen you in a while but I had some great laughs and memories watching you. If you retire or not your legacy has already been solidified and you did what you set out to do.
ゆっくり日本を満喫してくださいね あと、wawawa(アル中カラカラ)という有名なユーチューバーがおすすめです。
Miss you Pewds
how did i magically watch just this video with the bro fist. bc fate homie, bc fate. u just kjeep being u n ill just keep fisting u lmao
brofist of the soul
Love you, Poods ❤️
Uploaded my first music stuff the other month so a new fresh starter here hahaha.....but just watching and listening to your train of thought here  is exactly why you are where you are, a geniune soul within, no need for any chase anymore big sir you made it a long time ago, firm handshakes to you and all the best whatever the choice is....... JUST BE  cheers for all the laughs and in your own time...  Do continue now  Love you
I'm glad you didn't quit, been following you since the beginning.
Pewdiepie can you play a last good horror game a last goodbye love you man here are som tips resident evil 4 silent hill 2 resident evil 1 resident evil 2 bioshock 1
You're a day 1 for me, Felix. 👊🏽 Glad to see you're still doing well after all these years.
Who else has been here since 40mil
I know Pewdiepie doesnt like drama but everyone values his opinions on whats happening in the internet space... yes, we want him to just speak his mind! :)
Love you Pewds!👊
love the sea
We love you man. No pressure. You reached the top!
I've been watching your channel for many years and can honestly say that the Japan vlogs are my favorite videos by far. Also, you look happy and relaxed which is what matters and what your followers really want to see.
id personally be interested to see abroad in japan type videos but with pewdiepie
Chill bro and enjoy life! We all changed it's a part of life.  You really guided a lot of people through their 20s. I'm 2 years younger than you. I started watching in 2018 and I saw the change. You got me interested in greeks and stoicism. I learned not to give "s$&t" when it's not needed. I got married same week as you did (coincidentally). Now I'm living in Asia with my wife who is from a different country 😅 (another coincident).  Brofist👊
I'm glad that you decided not to quit youtube. Because i've been watching you for a long time, and I know you get that a lot. I've been growing up watching your videos, and i feel like you have influence the person I am today, even if it's just a little bit. And i mean it when i say that, i'm glad I stumble accross you're videos back then, because i feel like i'm always growing up with you, and you're videos by my side. So i'll be looking forward for future videos from you, and i also wanna say thank you for everything you've done
*Huh First Event That I See After 2 Years TimeSkip*
That brofist felt so good
Felix I'm so happy for you ! BROFIST !!
please dont quit
That is so sad
Can’t imagine YouTube without him
He has reached another level of enlightenment.
We are with you man, as always 👊
Live your life now press, you deserve it
Thanks for sharing such important things to us. Do whatever you want and upload what you want to upload. Love your videos and will always will be on your side. Love you Pewds♥️♥️♥️♥️
Thank you for all these experiences, we are always here to hang out with you felix👊
2:58 bro hit his mic
seems so much like the peak of the mountain you have climbed on, it been amazing. I too have grown watching your videos pewds and its very much understandable to pursue your own individuality. Thankyou for such amazing videos, and I love everything which you share on the channel! Also happy growing!
I'd love it if Pewds never ever quit YT for good.
Do whatever makes you happy Pewds! We will always support you ☺️
Pewds, this is your journey. We are just holding onto your hand while you walk, but you can let go whenever you need. We know how to walk on our own now. We aren’t 12 anymore. Just drop us off somewhere nice :)
there is so much wind I'm terrified of the cold
You do whatever you like pewds . I still enjoy your videos
Hey, seeing your recent videos without that fake filter other internet influencers use motivates me a lot, I'm enjoying the new pewds content as much as I used to before.
👊
Does anyone else hear the bonging sound or am I crazy
He has clearly thought long about this "why"
If Felix Quit YT. You Will Be Witnessing History. Cause When Felix Quit YT You Will Be Realizing That, The Father For YT Just Died.
I was here in the beginning, I was here in the middle, and I WILL BE HERE, when the end eventually comes. But until then, I will stay here.
DONT QUIT!!! WE LOVE YOU, and let's be honest, it can't be not fun to vlog around Japan haha
Your nostalgia. You remind me of a time when youtube was new and full of awesome content creators. You were one of the few who really made it.what so many people aspired to. Congratulations on an amazing life and thanks for theaughs. BTW your horror games will always be my favorite.
Pewds would you be attending the Kanamara Matsuri festival? I'll bet you and Marcia would enjoy it
Dam I love this dude, he's changed so much🤧
Apki Maa Ki Umar Kitni Honi Chiaya.. 1) 1 Subscribe = 100+💖  2) 1 Like = 70 ❤  3) Ignore = 45 💔
Just Do You Pewds 😊 We Gotchu  Were always here to support you ❤❤❤
I really think you've beaten YouTube and in that video few years ago you just started your New Game+. You can just do whatever you want and quit whenever you want, and to be honest I enjoy your new content a lot more than your gaming stuff in the past
Please 11 years I had spend with u just u r like my big brother
you already did so much you can never let us down
seja você MESMO e feliz... so isso que importa. 👏😎
Just enjoy bro, no worries ! Explore the country and have fun :)
WE LOVE YOU!!! AND YES DON'T QUIT!!! WE'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!!! AT YOUR WORST AND BEST. Everyday I open YouTube to check if there's a new yt vid of you, and whenever it takes long it's like something's missing. So pls don't quit. We love you!!👊🏼
Seems fake
i remeber watching pewds back in 2012 its crazy how much has changed since then
I'm really glad you made this decision and I enjoy the current content alot. Just seeing you do things and have a good time (also maybe stealing all your Video locations in the meantime)
I'm here as long as you are. 💛
This is why Pewds is the best. As a long time subscriber,  I will always appreciate him try to communicate and connect with his fanbase. Love you man. PS. Maybe it will be cool to have like a kind of non-profit youtube channel (donate the income). Then it can just be an hobby for you and you can do all this lofi.
I am so happy pewds made all of this for him to work out. There are still good things in life. Thank you for entertaining me so much.  Every year feels Like a different season.
Really this Japan turn of the channel is really amazing and I enjoy every single second of it. Seeing you both living my dream fuels me with hopes and amazement. Hope i'll get to japan soon, thanks for making us part of the journey
Japan vlogs are so chill and natural. They are in their own way an inspiration to achieve your dreams.
Are the headphones comfortable? And quitting YT was a great idea.
please don't leave :'(
youve already worked , now its time for you to rest
Do what u want, if u say u gonna quit but feel like not quitting thats fine. If you still feel like there is stuff you want to create and share with the world, then by all means man go for it :). Do what makes u happy, u achieved the ultimate goal most creators today strive for and there’s nothing you need to prove to anyone. Keep doing what you love and if your still having fun making videos, awesome :3.  -bro fist
Personally, I would still appreciate Book reviews. I got into reading again because of you and it would really inspire other people to read. Book review videos also have those calm and peaceful tone to them. ❤️
I dont know why you give importance to the comments asking you to quit instead of hundreds of other comments begging you to continue... My childhood has been watching you play all the horror games, good or bad, and making them an enjoyable ride... Making me laugh when I was feeling down.... You were the inspiration for me to start doing youtube. I may not be successful at it, but I enjoyed doing it a lot, and watching you still do it makes me really happy... Whenever I feel down I just open your channel and click on a random video, and it always makes me laugh (the video)... I hope you keep making more videos 😅😅
I'm so glad that you're back you have such more class than asthma gold he's such a self-center arrogant a****** where you you're just a decent person and likable
Have you been reading anything lately?
Have a baby, mate! Will change your life.
best keep a door open
Just do your thing, whatever you want whenever you want, at your own pace
pewds you always gonna be a real OG
Just enjoy your retirement pewds, u earned it, we support what ever you choose to upload or not. Its better to upload something you are enjoying and proud of than go along with the current trend.
Its been 84 years since I last had a brofist... *sniffle*
Everything u do is a piece of art
So... m i n e c r a f t ? Nah its alright Reaction and Japan vids are as good. As long as you are not vomiting absolutely rushed video, it's all good. Do what your heart says and you do not need to keep uploading every day every night, kinda like right now! You are just kind of uploading the things you like, just like the Japan videos. It's all going well right now and if you are happy with it then go on with it... its just that YT hasn't been a good boy lately..
for fun is the word
Jag hade svårt att kolla på dina videor i början för att jag inte kan lyssna på engelska med svensk brytning, plus att jag var avundsjuk på att du var så populär, men sen började jag titta på lite colabs med dig och Seán och började sedan kolla mer och mer...med jämna mellanrum. Men dina senaste Japanska videor kollar jag på så fort de dyker upp för de är väldigt underhållande. Så gör vad du vill i vilket tempo du vill. :)
love ya
Be the change pewds 👊
i dont get the entitlement of viewers on youtube. you don't owe anyone anything. an update is nice, but not required!
You’re like my foreign little brother and sister in law! Anything you post I’ll enjoy watching. Jenna Marbles posted a fricken nap and people watched. I’ll miss you guys if you don’t post anything. So just do what you want but keep us included sometimes. 🤷🏻‍♀️ I assure you we don’t mind.  Edit: book club sometimes would be nice.  I’ve read all the ones you’ve recommended and I rate you 7.5/10 on recommendations but I’ll read what you say is good.
Dang bro it’s so hard to imagine yr wo pewdiepie man such an awesome person
rip to those that enjoy memes
I understand you, and someday also want to be like you, you inspire lots who are in similar situation in which you were 12 years ago. Do what you want maen, great stuff Pewds.
I hope that you keep that love for making videos for a long time
I'm happy you're not quitting, pewds. Your videos are an important part of my day, thank you.
bro do you ❤
because we didn't want you to ❤️❤️❤️❤️
F
Love u pewds!
I realllllyyyy love your vlogs!!
Pewds, play genshin impact
ULUL PLS 🙄
He's got tenyear on YouTube
Most of us been here since the beginning and it's refreshing seeing pewds happy making what he loves again after all he have been through, I'm glad I saw every pewds phase in its sad and happy times  All the love goes to you pewds and everyone around you
Easy there we all agree with your new kind of content boy 🤙
Loving all the new Japan content.
That brofist made me tear up.
I'm glad your happy pewds, I will always look forward to your uploads. Thank you for everything and enjoy Japan :)
Would be fun if the next chapter is you having kids with Marzia!!!!!!!!
Thankyou for growing up with me felix (sounds parasocial af lmao) and changing over the years for the better. Do what you want to do were here to support
Pewdiepie's channel especially now after all these years just feels like a miscellany. In its essence was a teen, a young adult turned man just living his life creating videos. to me he's retired already what his channel symbolizes now feels like the scenes after the end credit of a long ongoing anime. the goal has been achieved, all the ups and downs the journey has come to an end. what we have now is the culmination of life experiences and the maturation of felix. He's no longer doing yt to grow the channel, to grow his personality, to achieve even more fame. He's doing yt because it's what he finds fun, its a part of his lifestyle in a sense. The fact that he's still here sharing moments of his life with us, his time is all we could ever ask for. For as long as he is willing to share moments with us we will be here. Changing, growing, chilling, and listening and I think thats all most of us bro's can ask for
Basically he doing this just an hobby. And he still loving it doing it "proactive mindset"
Will they ever release Scare Pewdiepie Season 2?? The world may never know..
Hi 👋Felix
This is why pewds is the youtube king we need and why Mr beast is the king we deserve
brooooooooo wtf are those headphones bruh
i’m happy you’re happy. love you pewds! ♡ 👊🏻
pewdiepie podcast?
Big up to felix for fighting his trauma and helping others
I love the current content, the videos you do with Ken are really great and the Japan videos are so nice and calm
👏😎
Some really good advice and experiences shared. Appreciate that very much Pewds. 🤓
please never quit youtube, just do what makes you happy here 🫶🏻
i've been watching Pewds since i was 15...im 24 now , so in a way i feel like we grew up together in this comunity. Love u guys <3
Goddamn the honesty and sincerity in this video makes me so happy. You deserve the best man keep enjoying Japan and best wishes ❤
You still have a long journey dude Why would you
Hey man, enjoy the waves!
For some reason this made me emotional, thank you for everything Felix <3
0:54 1:34 2:22 3:02 4:03 5:47 6:43
Hi Pewds! I’ve been watching you since 2010 and your videos always made my day. I know it’s a cliche but do what makes you happy! To be honest I would still like to see a video from you now and then.  (:
why quit? Just upload when you feel like it, once a year or a decade, don't take away our hope please
RUMBLE….piss off YT
I'm here since 2012. This is so amazing to still be able to watch your videos. You've helped me a lot in my teens. Love you bro <3
T Series is at 224m subs. Get gud pews. But seriously, these videos have been a blessing and are really chill and fun to watch!!
Play games pewds
Haven't watched a video in years but I'm glad I watched this one
i respect you pewds dont worry
You are a man of true character, an inspiration that children should look up to. I’m glad I found your channel. Thanks Felix
dude, honestly i do not want you to quit, i wanna hang out more see more....you have been part of some really really dark times in my life , i mean i am just a random stranger on the internet but your videos were always there for me mate. thank you and keep havin fun
Holy shit. Ive been watching you for a long ass time. you are like a brother to me lol. It is still fun watching you and god damn you are part of my life and Actually one of the reason why im me. :)
Youtube died when Pewdiepie stopped posting daily.
Bro.. you are in Japan.. Do a ghost hunting..
We have so much content, memes and dramas these days that it got to a certain point where it's sometimes exhausting to watch so I'm very glad we get to sit back chill and relax with Felix's videos these days. Thanks for making our years way better man. We love you <3
yes
That's a big ass headset lol
It really does look like you’ve been enjoying yourself lately. And it’s showing in the content. Happy for you!
We love you pewds I hope you have fun surfing. Thanks for all the years you have been doing this
Really glad pewds is enjoying Japan~  the current tempo is absolutely fine and it's cool we get to hear Felix's thoughts about this stuff
Nah, keep doing what you're doing! I love seeing the channel grow with you! It's always more enjoyable to watch content that shows the creator truly enjoying what they're doing!
The more things change the more they stay the same. How the fuck does that quote make sense, anyways it seems like it did here!! Happy for you and that broofiiiist
You absolutely deserve to ride off and live happily ever after, but after so long it's like we know you (a little) and so it's always great to keep hearing from you.  Your Horror game arc will always be my favorite.  Whatever you decide to do in the future, thanks for all the great times.
after 10 years of watching on 5-6 different youtube accounts, i am glad he is staying with us, and even more happy he isnt stressing anymore. We love you Felix
I love the Japan vids. It's so cool seeing what it's like over there
Old Fans Be Like: "WhEn R tHe NEw fUNny MOnTagE?"
LISTEN BRO!!!! FELIX!!! DO WHATEVER THE HELL YOU WANNA DO AND WE WILL KEEP WATCHING, AS LONG AS YOU ENJOY WHAT YOU POST BRO
Do what you like brother man. When you post a video, I’ll be sure to watch it. Thank you Pewdiepie for your time shared with us.
Im skittle-chan
"Growing" is something you have already achieved, now you are at the very top.. quitting now would basically mean practicing for the day of exam and on that day being absent.
So where are the guys from the last hatewave now? Moved on to other things like the short attentionspan having OZ monkeys they are, havent they? Happy this didnt phase Felix at all basically.
The new japan arc is giving us a lot of character development 10/10 favourite season so far
Yep, glad to see that you have decided when is the time to stop before things get too far. Wish you all the best!
And this is why I will always stay subscribed
Hey bro come hang out with us when you want. A lot of us are older now too and it's cool you want to chill out a bit we get it.
Dude even for small timers like us, the YouTube studio “10 of 10” is a killer. Congrats for being able to do whatever you want at this point, Japan seems awesome
I almost in tears when pewds gives us his bro fist. Something is never changed. 😭
I love the video´s you are posting, especially the vlogs. Just chill, post occasionally if you feel like it and enjoy the autumn of your carreer. I´m here for it, love the vibe
Pewds in japan arc is pretty satisfying and relaxing to watch ...Also Cant wait till japanese new years to see you and marzia go to the fireworks festival ...Hope it would happen 🤞
👏👏👏👏
i still hear you singing despacito, so cool
We love you pewds <3
Man...idk. i like that u still upload here nd there. Dont disappear pls
You do what you love Felix, at some point there's always changes. Stay true to yourself and be humble as always. We love you pewds.
The amount of times you get canceled on twitter and twitter attacking fans is insane.
Speaking from myself, I've always watched the same way I did when I started whatching your videos (2011) which is becouse of your humor. I've liked your videos (and I still do!) because you said something funny about a clip, or a moment in a videogame, or something you did in a vlog. There is something enjoyable in seeing someone having a good time, and specialy if you a have the same humor as that person.  If you're having a good time, so do I.
just because you quit doesn't mean it's the end be like Hayao Miyazaki and retire but come back every couple years and make a banger of a movie (in this case video) XD
I'll be supporting you always! You are my childhood youtuber and I grew up watching you
We will always love and support you pewds 👏🏽👏🏽
Felix, you’ve been a bright light for me since I was younger, and I fully support you finally getting some rest!
Don't quit, you're awesome! <3
which headphones are these??
Whatta Goat 🐐
I like this
Keep it up pews!
Enjoy life man!
MUST WATCH FOR +1 BRO FIST.
Felix you should do what ever makes you happy. You can’t make everybody happy, you need to focus on you and your mental health.  Your true fans will support you no matter what and the others you don’t need to worry about.
The fact that you still enjoy doing videos after making them for so long is something not a lot of people can say and I respect that you didn't lose yourself in the process and just make the type of shit you like on your own terms now. There will always be people here supporting you whether you make videos or not bc we've come to like you for you and not just your content.
An old highlight video poped on my feed a week ago he was playing Amnesia and Happy weels and others. Damn did it put a smile on my face❤
Been with you for these last 10 years. It’s crazy how much our lives have changed. I grew up from a young boy over these last 10 years, and I’m just turning 21. It’s nice to see you still upload sometimes. Enjoy your life and your new adventures. Surfing sounds fun !
I miss his daily uploads
hope you're successful doing this
Love u pewds, we’ll always stick around no matter what you do. Life and people change, I’m glad you’re keeping us along for the ride
I really like that ure start doing things the way u love to, u deserve every love felix
Your old uploads isnt shallow or anything we’re just getting older with the time. We still enjoy and having fun that’s good enough.  Maturity that’s the word
Time to go back and watch my favourite videos… the rpg maker games such as ib, the witches house, corpse party, mad father, to the moon and many others…. Also yandere simulator
Bro fist forever
love the japan stuff. ill stick around whatever i think, it like reading a manga happening next to my own life and i enjoy it.
Its been quite a fun journey, I grew up to watching your content daily and it made the days before much better. Here we are reminiscing about it no matter what happens id still watch your videos pewds /⁠ᐠ⁠｡⁠ꞈ⁠｡⁠ᐟ⁠\
continue doing what you've been doing screw the haters don't listen to him I like to content the way it is
They are distractions, Sure distractions might not be the healthiest way to spend time online, but it is what the people want.  I personally enjoy stupid and quick phased content and am trying to upload stuff like that myself.  But i do have to say that change is inevidable and we are all differebt people. Not everyone will be satisfied, All that matters is that YOU are satisfied.
do surf vidoes#
Dang those headphones. Must be some quality stuff 👌
It's baby making time my dude build that legacy
I those this new change of pace with Pewds content. The Japan vlogs are so fun to watch. Of course we would all like to see more content being uploaded more frequently, but that just makes these once or twice a week uploads even better. I'm grateful for this new era of Pewdiepie
i like the grown up Pewds
On mobile it takes you 6-7 minutes to scroll all the way down to his first upload 11 years ago
honestly I've been loving the chill Japan vids more than the content review. Even if the uploads are more sparsed it's fine. Take your time! Quality over quantity!
Bro I deadass grew up with this dude. What a wild ride it has been since the walking dead season 1.
Pewds..  I love you the way you are..  I can imagine watch you in my entire life...  So much fun..   You always there with us..  And us will be support you always..  ❤👊
that post credit sive and guys im still here made me smile sooo hard thanks was much needed
PewDiePie 🖤 Felix :⁠-⁠)
play Doom Eternal
Bruhh, the sound "Pong" from his bottle sums up all of Pews videos for the last 3 years: he can be serious with his vids but decide to just... not :) love it
Don’t quit breh… I love seeing your new adventure in Japan.. Don’t listen to da hater’s..
I cried. Thanks bro. Love u pewds.
♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️... If you ever quit I respect that... But at the same time i would be very sad bc ur videos are something I look forward too. Glad we are still going 🤩🤩🤩
love you man:)
This is a thought I want to write for the comment section hoping that someone will understand what I mean and go beyond what I think about Pewds. I think Pewdiepie is someone that was and still is able to do something that very few have done, going beyond the dramas, beyond the cancel culture and beyond other bs for a very simple reason. He does not care, at least...that's what I've got from him. What I see in him is a person that simply wants to keep things simple for everyone, he doesn't turn things that aren't a problem into a new problem for no reason or for clout. This is what my generation f*cks up all the time They turn something that doesn't directly bother them or don't actually bother anyone...and turn it into a problem. So...guys, be more like this guy ffs, look how chill does he look and take notes
Thanks for staying Felix. And thanks for uploading what you want to share
Felix and Marzia having a child? In season 12?
👊👊👊👊👊
Since japan this channel dropped hard.
YouTube is nowadays just Mr. Beast and Bald and bankrupt plus their copycats.
You were my childhood i started watching u in 2012 and back then in india, prices of internet was expensive and i still would take my mom's phone and watch you and keep it back where i took it from and she use to get mad at the fact that there was no internet left in her phone XD. I love you man <3 do anything you want i'll always watch your content take care (baby pewds when ?)
Lwiay need to comeback
i will always enjoy the content if you enjoy it <3
Sorry pewds for telling what you should upload. Now after seeing this video you should do what you want and and what you love to do. Sorry and will be on your side forever 💖 Love you Pewds ♥️♥️♥️
Go live your life, maybe start a family in Japan. I don’t think a single true fan would be mad that you’ve done so.
bro
love u felix <3
:) thanks for all the content
you deserve it bro  enjoy ^^
I don’t think your fans wants you to quit we are still here watch enjoying everything you do we support you but if you want to quit we respect your opinion and will not go against it
Excited of what’s to come
To hear that Pewds is not quitting for good and will still upload content that he likes sharing is such a relief. I dread the day that Pewds stops uploading videos for good because his videos are the highlight of my week 🥺🤍
I like the headphones Felix nice wood accent, gives it a simple touch.
Sub to Yako Perlov
Enjoy your life.  Start a family.  Learn more about the world.  Find God... (it may happen.)
THATS WHY HES THE GOAT THE GOAT
Never quit bro. Just do it for fun. It's fun for us. Also, that Audeze lcd2 is fire. Looks like somebody is getting into audiofile stuff. I approve.
Du kommer nog sitta på samma plats om 10år och se tillbaka och inte ångra nått. Du är Youtube.
Look at those tambourine headphones
The Japan vlogs are probably my favourite videos you've done, the editing is so good that it relaxes me while I watch
I love u
Ive never seen pewds in in such high quality before😲  this is a joke and ily pewd. Keep doing what you wanna do since this is your channel, we are just along for the ride. Maybe we did help in some aspects but you are the one who made this channel grow with your personality. Maybe the content changed but its still the same pewd still love. Still waiting for that collab between Felix and Pewdiepie.  Will forever till the day i die, Brofist👊🏽
So we not gonna talk about how Pewds no longer looks like he’s recording out of a potato?
👊
Pewds I’ve been watching your videos for half of my life, and i couldn’t be more grateful for all the laughter and good moments you’ve given me. So honestly just be happy it has come to a point where you are like my good friend and i just want you to be the happiest you can. I felt so happy when you could finally move to japan, and all the bro fists trough the years make me tear up.
Mr. Beast will surpass you anytime soon. We the fans are excited to see ur new vids without you worrying about metrics.
👊
Pewds has completed and finished youtube with all the achievements unlocked.
Bro fell off
A good lesson for people to learn.  Do what makes you happy.
Why Felix is my favourite youtuber? -avoiding drama -do videos what he like to do ❤🖤❤🖤❤🖤❤🖤❤🖤
Complaining about making trash content? Then Make better stuff.
The thing is that they did move to Japan, and lived happily ever after. These are the after story episodes. The PewDLCPie. lol Thank you for everything you've done for us. I came in when you started playing Amnesia, when horror games were a new thing and were for legitimate, suspenseful scares. Subscribed and never unsubbed. Your channel was the brief solace after a hard day, something to laugh about or be scared together. A distraction? Sure, for some of us, but it was better than the alternative- things we had no control over in our youths. But we love your content. And know we support you in whichever decision you make. We wish you success in whatever you put your mind to! ✨
More subbs than Eminem. Think about it! That´s pretty damn insane...
We all look back fondly at all the different eras of this channel (highlights guys doing it great) and just like everyone we change mostly for the better and I see that here. My friends and I have even more enjoyed talking about your new adventures in japan even more than laughing about the memes, games and drama in your videos years ago. Its impossible not to love this channel and everyone that make it happen. Thank you.
Please play games
You'll always have a small but loyal fanbase, that's not to say we support if you really do mess up, but we see your genuine reaction, opinions and in cases where it's been necessary apologies. So we'll keep watching whatever you want to make!
Becoming the new technoblade are ya?
E
I like this
Can we get a video of building a new Gundam ???
in some way,  pews just finished his youtube hero path
Simple, cause of money. You dont generate as much money when you're not uploading content.LMao
Enjoy yourself, Felix; You've earned it. Many blessings to you and yours, fam. *Bro Fists*
I think the thought of mrbeast surpassing him has led him to not care about subscribers. It's more like it's hopeless to stop him so he just stopped caring about it
Please don't quit Youtube, rather change the genre your channel is associated with. You might have a variation in the number of subscribers but I'm pretty sure people , who truly love your channel for your take on things, rather than on content you talk about;  will stick with the channel! Also, love your recent vlogs. Soo relaxing to watch . It would be a shame if you do decide to quit!
please don't ever quit
Man, it's never been about the content. It's about you and how we (somehow over the differences in our backgrounds and story) relate. We're here to have fun with you, so, whatever, man. Keep being retired and when you wanna come back and hang out, pull up a vid or two and we'll hang, if we have the time too. We're over 111MILLION! Some of us for sure will have the time. Cheers to you and Marzia and the little baby senior pugs!
it's amazing to see a man making right decisions in his life, whatever it is, let it be. as long you're happy with it ...  damn all this talking gave me a lot of memories and made me realize that we're not young anymore..
Love the vlogs. At this point you have the freedom to do whatever you want to do so I would just suggest that. Make the content you want.
I started watching you Pewds back when I was in my last year of grade school and now in the present Im in College. Like a lot of people here we grew old with you it may have been On and Off kind of being a fan/viewer. But It was a really memorable and fun experience for us to watch you and grow alongside you.  So sending you off (for quitting youtube completely) will be really sad and bittersweet for a lot of people here. But at this point we really just want the best for you man <3.  Til then we will stay here watch you do youtube until you get bored of it.
just say you need money bro
Love ur japan vlog !
I love those type of videos where you are enjoying making them
See you around Japan bud.  I promise I won't make it weird.  I'll just nod and shuffle off.
I've been watching your videos since 5th grade, and now I'm a first-year college student. You have no idea how much joy I feel every time you upload a video. Your videos always had a way of cheering me up at times when I feel down. Thank you, Felix, for every video you made. You deserve happiness and comfort, greater than the happiness and comfort you have given us through your uploads. (Sorry if my English is a bit confusing)
just enjoy life and have fun no matter how suck that day was to you.
Pewd's youtube and you are like peanut butter and jelly fish jelly. whatever you do you've always been well with youtube
The Japan chapter is amazing. Live your life pewds. You deserve it.
can you go back and talking to barrels please when is the next video when you greet Barrel
Those headphones... I'm sure they're great, but they look...odd. Lol.
hey, quick question. why you didn't quit?
Man this new Japan training arc is crazy
Thank you for doing all that you do Felix. We all appreciate it immensely. You are amazing and such an inspiration to us all
Hey man I'm just along for the ride :) just keep being your genuine self and do what makes you happy, and we'll be happy for you <3
Quitting before everyone finds the N word with hard R video lol
I started to watch you again since Japan Era begun. Forced content isn't good.
Honestly, I love the unique videos like trying weird foods, cooking pancakes and just enjoying random stuff. I hope we get to see his channel become more Felix rather than Pewdiepie, if that makes sense.
♥
Seems like a genuine dude. Love the videos!
pewds grow up and so do we. Thank you for existing man
Bro I'm sorry but those headphones look horrible
Love you Felix, what an incredible ride your channel has been. Vänliga hälsningar från Sverige!
Pewds, been a viewer since day 1 and have witnessed so much growth on this channel but also within just you as a person. Do whatever you feel makes you happy and we will always be with you cheering you on from the sidelines. Glad youre actually enjoying youtube over the last 2 years or so. That's what really matters. Believe it or not, we care about you and your happiness above all!
👏👏👏😍
Felix if the legend is correct and you do read this, then I wish for you to continue this parasitic relationship of ours where you feed us on sweet titty huice content and make our moments. You are a great person and a very good example of a real human who is actually doing things the right way!
If you quit youtube you'd have to leave Japan or find another job that supplies a visa, because it would null your entertainer visa. and neither you or your wife are Japanese citizens. that's probably why you keep doing youtube.
Lowkey almost cried wtf
Quit Now!
Felix casually wearing an audeze lcd 3  even tho hes just taking and not listening to any videos. Very nice choice of headphones, thats one of my dream headphones btw.
i'm absolutely loving the way the channel is right now! i know that one day he will eventually quit but knowing that it's not gonna be like tomorrow is hella comforting. if he continues doing what he likes, we'll keep watching that's how it is.
Hi Pewds. Whatever your choice you will take, true fans will support you and your family. It's understandable that you are having a hard time letting youtube go. Have fun, go back or move on whatever. Best regards to you and Marzia and the dogs!
what headset is that, look crazy, i need em.
Love u pewds 🤗 you have inspired me a lot, thank you for all you have done and let go for us. We apreciate you a lot❤️.
i dont know how ill feel if he ever decides to quit i dont thinki can manage it tbh haha
really happy for you felix, i hope one day i would feel like that too
❤
Pewds can quit youtube under one condition. He comes back every month for book review. Maybe not once a month just continue book review, please.
Nice video pewdiepie fan of 11 years
Keep at it Pewds, for the rest of us that are still trying!
We will always support you Felix no matter what you do, We are greatly  thankful for fun and the memories on your YouTube career
Just do what ever you want man :) live your life without the stress of work ( or uploads ) live the dream/life we cannot have , for all of us. I love seeing your videos , even the shallow onces were nice . they might not have been so 'deep' but at the time they were relevant :)   Finally we get to see what a happyly ever after looks like , thanks for that
We love u pewds for who u are! So never change <3
The vlogs has been good af
You should quit You Tube for q year and come back 🔙
You know when you retire and you can do like whatever you want really. I think that might be the best way to go with this channel now. Just upload fun videos when it suits you and when a new game comes out you do a playthrough and just dont really worry about hitting a new view record or whatever.
Please don't leave use
I've been watching your channel on and off for quite a few years now and I have to say, your japan vlogs are some of my favourite videos of yours. Glad you still find ways to enjoy making youtube videos.
it’s so funny because I used to watch pewds A LOT when the channel was younger (all the cute videos with marzie and casual gaming were my go to) and stopped when it got chaotic, and now that the videos are back to the chill vibe im so here for it! I never thought I’d be back to watch an old youtuber but the japan videos are soooooo good! It can feel like you’re always disappointing someone with all the changes, but for someone that leaves, others come back
I absolutely love all the new content! You seem genuinely happy, it's like watching a friend make their dreams come true. I grew up with you so seeing you succeed is very inspiring. Keep it up bro!
I will stay until Felix is old enough to decide for himself in either stepping down from the throne as a godfather YouTuber, or continue his new chapter of his journey for another adventure might told.
I find the japan videos by the 4th one quite boring. Even unnerving, or disconcerting, just like Markipliers  firewatch playthrough. I miss the crowds sourced humor of memereview.
im honestly so happy that pewds isnt quitting.  low key got me through school last year haha
north european root rising in east asia
I could listen to Pewds for hours just talking about his passion. He can relate to every single kind of person out there. He shouldn't need to be a different person because of backlash. There exists fewer and fewer genuine people out there now, and his ideas are very motivating.
What? Zzzzzz I mean is Korean bud u daddy
this the final chapter where the main guy enjoy life instead of pursuing something
i enjoy this content more
Pewdiepie=king👑    I    I   V
PewDiePie is the prime example of human decency. He's up there, didn't need to prove anything anymore, so he doesn't. Instead he's just enjoying life and that is all the better for it. Also, I notice that pewds been really stealth wealth recently with the toyota, the grand seiko, the lcd 2 and I kinda like that. They're all premium stuff but not too showy
Headphones 🎧 phatt
brofist made my day
Where is BeastMaster64?
I really like the Japan vlogs, I didn't know how nice it was there. I've been watching since I was in 8th grade and I'm a freshman in college now. I really like to see how you've grown, and I feel like I've grown up with you. Keep doing the Japan vlogs I really like them.
What headphone's that?
this is the way to go man, i love you, glad you can find this kind of peace with it.
I’ve been loving the Japan vlogs tbh 🤷‍♀️ like it’s been great randomly seeing them pop up and having something to watch. Keep doing you shieeet happens focus on what’s important, people who genuinely like you and your content will keep watching 💕 I’m stuck home from an injury for two years now so I watch YouTube a lot and I found myself watching travel kind of stuff as a form of me “getting out” lately lol so I appreciate the vids! 💜
love your channel your vlogs your videos everything will always support you!
There’s always the path after the highest point in the hot air balloon ride
...
Ty godfather of YT for all the fun times u gave us! And still give us for however long that will he. :p
If you dont make another book review, or something similar, then quit
He's videos are awesome hopefully he will not left youtube just common u are biggest youtuber if I would be on place like Felix I wouldn't leave YouTube Ever
Felix, you inspire me to never stop thirsting for knowledge. You inspire me also to never stop chasing my dream, which is to live simply and peacefully without stress or drama. It sounds corny, but you've influenced me in that way. To strive for a life worth living, not for riches.
Pewds, you dont have to say sorry, i genuinely like your current uploads more than fx pewnews. its so entertaining watching japan from you and marzias view while seeing how peaceful and happy you are. please dont upload the vlogs any faster because itll just lose its flavour if uploaded constantly. so hust keep doing what you’re currently doing because its honestly so entertaining❤
I enjoy that you upload like twice or once a week . You have good content ; I honestly use your videos like half a pod cast. I drive and listen to you and then when I finally sit down , I watch it
Pew can’t retire , he needs us like we need him on YouTube …. Why y’all think Tom Brady came back to football?   If it’s a passion , you will keep going
Last Season of Pewdiepie Series
Please at least do a lwiay
that bong sound was funny
genuinely spent my youth with you. thanks, pewds.
First time that I will comment on your vid. Just want to say that you made my childhood. Bro fist from the Philippines 🇵🇭👊
aye man dont need to think bout all tht.. just have fun with it we r happy just with u sharing. been a longtime fan n will always support u
I don’t think this dude realizes how much of a father figure he is to most of his fans like bro I will always respect this man thank you for being here for us and giving us something to be apart of thank you for making us laugh
as a fan of you pewds, your welcome
pewds im really just a fan of your personality i look up to u big time i never followed you for your content it dosent matter what you do ill still be here beacuse i learned alot from you. philosophy wise take care have fun i wish i had a friend like you irl
Loving the LCD 2 pre fazors!
I have so much respect for you.
Many of us were drawn to your channel throughout the different eras because as you grew as a person we grew as well. Just do you dude! I guarentee you there are many people whose days become better by seeing a Pewdiepie upload.
Don’t quit I really enjoy the Japan vlogs a lot
Man we grew up together. You're legit the God father of my kids. Lmao you're not going ANYWHEREEEE 60 MORE YEARS OF YOUTUBE PEWDS !!!!!
Never quit if possible we love you
This is very daunting, yet exhilarating/liberating, what he'll do next. He has accomplished a lot, and he still wants to share new experiences with us.   We used to be kids watching this man.  And now, I'm 21 and grew up from gaming (still love it + no time because of academic and personal responsibilities) I'm looking forward to more whatever experiences you would like to share with us.
I think you should just upload videos when you are having fun and really want to do it
I start watching you from edgy pdp when im pushing myself suffer for a diploma. Now i barely watch ur vids but im glad u still here doing random stuff.
Over 5k comments you'll never read, but I'm glad you didn't quit then, don't let others dictate what you do. I love your channel.  I'm out of your "target" range at 42 yrs old, and you're not much older than my son & it makes me proud to see someone work hard & make their dreams come true, enjoying it all the while, that's incredibly rare.i can't wait to see what you get into next!
You deserve this pewds, enjoy yourself man.
I remember when he had like 100 subscribers max. Still enjoy his stuff. Keep rockin brother.
Always keep doing what you're doing and what makes you happy! The people that like and enjoy your content will follow!
We need pew news
Keep doing it for fun it’s still fun to watch your vids
You've grown You are now mature enough to laugh  about your older videos Sad to see you so gloomy.
Alright, lookin forward to your new stuff
It’s been good seeing all the good and bad throughout the course of this channel. We got to see you learn from mistakes and kept things real, and I think us fans appreciate that more than anything!  The recent vlogs really excite me seeing you this happy in Japan! I hope I’ll be able to stumble into you some day :))
U are an example of glory for this platform. You have the liberty to quit whenever you want but... for real... keep doing what you do, it modifies people's reallity in a good way. High brother, to the sky!
Guess I'll need to wait for his format to change again, cause random videos with Ken and vlogs from Japan aren't cutting it for me. At least he is happy and I have some other people to watch still
Loved the meme review videos because life sucks sometimes and some people need the distraction. I don't think it's shallow but there are plenty of other channels that do it. Keep doing you pewds, still love the channel.
I feel like at this point a charitable or future improving career would be something that can keep you occupied, basically open a business with a very specific goal in mind. Just a thought
58 uttis u  yto yopcvvvvn Nancy  u I’m.  P point I no.   Obi I’ve. HI I o I’m going hvihi g to go
did you hate Roblos?
You might as well have quit you barely upload anymore
your content is so funny dont ever quit, keep trying and just keep doing what you're doing
I want to know why Forbes didn’t include PewDewPie as an influencer?
I know its a lot to ask but please keep doing youtube as long as possible. You're the most influencial person in my life and I want to keep watching your videos as long as possible.
"Youtube started to become fun again"  never hear that every day, have fun Pewds  :)
I think the fact you constantly change is one of the main reasons you're so big
I want to see more vlog uploads, I'd rather you didn't fall off the edge of the earth. It make me happy seeing updates that your doing well
I know the day will eventually come. Or maybe it won't. Maybe one day you'll quit due to having a family and that taking more of your focus and time. But even then I thing how cool it would be if someday, you came back because your child, should y'all decide to have one or adopt one, wanted to do YouTube as well. I dunno. Been watching you since the beginning and it's just a weird thought to think of you as leaving someday though I know it will happen someday for whatever reason. You're like the friend I never met and most of us likely feel the same. I spent 2 years stationed in Japan and loved it. Wish I could live there as well but life doesn't work that way. If someday things were to change and I make it back, and if I were to for some reason meet you guys, I'll just say thank you and let you go on your way.
Headphone review????
felix Im from Iraq and in 2017  when I was depressed your videos helped me so much and I always be thankful for you ❤
As someone who has watched your work over most of my life I’m 21 now and the years of work and effort you put in to bring us all joy we can never pay that back and that’s why you deserve to quit YouTube for everything you have done we will always love you the greatest YouTuber who ever lived. Love you pewds❤️
Allways support my svenska bror.
You can quit but that means you will have to get a normal job soon....and that would suck! So better yet..stay here and create content madafaka! We need you!
Have been watching u for 10 years and I love all the Pewds eras, but to see that u finally can relax and do whatever the fuck you want really makes me happy
Kuptgw man do whatever you want ignore the comments
I have loved for videos for quite a few years. I like your occasional uploads
*brofist*
im afraid that this brofist at the end is the last. we'll never know. just like filthyfrank. just gone. im afraid but at the same time im happy bcs filthyfrank becomes joji and pewds are happier than before. every day i look forward to watch the videos but the sense of me afraid of losing is just too much so i waited a month so i can watch it in one seating. so many difference is terms of upload. it was everyday, then every two days, then every three days, and then once a week, once in two weeks.  im not ready but if he uploads, im right here.
We grew up with you man, I'm 26 and since the time I remember myself watching youtube, you were my favourite one. We thank you too for all the company in some very hard times.
I’m truly loving the state of your channel rn! Videos like this or when you were reading books or just talking I love the vibe
We love all you’re vids pewds and will be happy 4 you with anything you post! Also them some big ass headphones 🎧
I've learnt through customer service and just in life in general that it is impossible to please everyone. So just keep doing what you're doing and enjoying and the right people will stick by your side 💙
Good on you Pewds. Love your content and where you're at in life mate. All the best ❤️
Road To 120 Million Subscribers
Believe it or not but I almost cry when he did the brofist 🥹
Seeing Felix just being genuine and straight up with us as an audience is a bit jarring honestly but it's very nice to see
You might never read this, but I think your content lately is FIRE, I really enjoy it, also japan is a lovely place and I might never be able to go there so is a nice way to get to know some of it.
That’s fair, I think what has kept you at the top of creators is that, even though you change your content, the change feels motivated by a genuine desire or passion for doing other things. That makes us empathize with the decision and keep supporting you. The lesson being, as long as you are genuine, people will see through everything else and respect you and we respect you Felix.
Why is good question
What? You and your friends are gonna play Rust? On on public server? 12 hours a day for 30 days? That's awesome!! Marzia too!!
Well done Pewdiepie. May God continue to bless you sir
My man you look older.
Quit when you want to not when people tell you to. I know that I as well as many others enjoy your content, and wish for you to do whatever you want to do.
Still gonna punch my screen 👊🏻👊🏻
Essentially PewDiePie won YouTube
pewds i learned english,from you. you don't even know how much thats means to me i started watching you when i was 8 now im 13 almost 14 so about 5 years over the 5 years i've  picked up your humor you were not a big part off my childhood but one of the most memorable ones so when i saw the first i'm quitting vidoe i almost cried  lol im glad your happy and well bye
You tube should hire you to be in charge of streaming side of the business. But I would not accept it unless the would let you be autonomous.
Does it sound like that trending term "quiet quitting" and "slow living"?
Please Pewds  never  quit YouTube  you are my favourite Youtuber
love that he got the Sennies on
Have fun and no pressure about your contents Pweds, do whatever you like. I kinda understand what you said. May be because we are both in our 30s ( I’m 2 years younger than you ). You made us laugh and happy with your videos throughout your whole YouTube career. It’s time for you to have fun with your lovely family. And I really loves your recent videos.  And thank you for the Bro Fist 🤜 🤛
ruh roh pewds read another philosophy book 😳 WE NEED BOOK REVIEW TO COME BACK
Have fun and no pressure about your contents Pweds, do whatever you like. I kinda understand what you said. May be because we are both in our 30s ( I’m 2 years younger than you ). You made us laugh and happy with your videos throughout your whole YouTube career. It’s time for you to have fun with your lovely family. And I really loves your recent videos.  And thank you for the Bro Fist 🤜 🤛
What are those headphones? They look ripped from a speaker box and stuck on a headband. ...That sounds more insulting than it is. I'm genuinely curious about the design.  As for content, there's always short vlog-like livestreams while doing your "first year in Japan" thing. Unless this format is more comfortable.
pewds channel is the one piece of youtube
You do you Felix! You deserve every one bit of it! You worked for it! Enjoy life! Keep going for what you love!
I'm here just for you Felix, whatever you're doing I'll take the time to watch, fun times all around
Super happy for you pewds!! Loving the new videos take all the time you need!  Love you!!
Ok, if you just wanna do some fun videos I think I got some fun ideas, a couple of them being connected to being in Japan.   1: Japanese hobby shop -Not just you looking at Gundam kits though that would be nice but also stuff from Kotobukiya and Hasegawa models.  2: Trying Japanese Drift Racing, You know you want your Initial D cred. 3: Bar Hopping but its Noodle Shops or Sushi Bars.  Gotta figure out the best locations for these things for people after all.
idk what that it is but that Poong sounds is atmospheric heaven.
Pewds if you need you can always take breaks of youtube Enjoy your life as much as you can
Felix YouTube is just like a game that's lasts forever I love you PewDiePie
What will be pewds job if he quit yt?
日本の家具は最高峰ですよ。お試しください。
Pewds please never quit, without you youtube wont be the same anymore, and we need you or else it wont be the same. plz dont quit. ❤🙏
Imagine he left then get back 20 years later just to mine diamond with cobble pickaxe
Pewds you are my biggest motivation and I love seeing your videos. Please never quit Pewds Always with you man Pewds ♥️♥️♥️
♥
keep making amazing videos!!
lit-pewds and vlog-pewds are both good.
this new arc has been good
Sometimes just play horror games pls
I know the day will come when pewdiepie finally quits and ill be there, ready.
Just enjoy your life bro. I followed your channel when I was 18. I am now 25. we grew up as well. We get it <3
Don't quit YouTube!!!
Damn Felix u the Tom Brady of YouTube ?
Hey pewds loving your content man. Don't give up on life enjoy streaming. I've been a follower since the early days. It's so good to see you flourishing in Japan enjoy your surfing today. Never quit "Zero deaths" ignore the negativity they're just from haters. Would love to see you do some games again on here it's so entertaining to see your reactions especially in the horror games. Keep up the good work "bro fist"
cool headphones by the way
Felix we love you ❤️
Pewds you can't ever quit on meeeee!!!... 😡😡😡 I need you in my liiiife!!! 😱😟
i really enjoy your long rants about life and your channel🧡 im just nosey i want to watch everything haha
Bro, I just wanted to watch your videos no matter what you are doing in the end it's all about making a connection. Watching you just feels like so much happy.  I am still watching your old videos too . Watching your videos feels like it's was stress realeasing bro.  Take care bro. Bro fist🤗
Pewds you should do a D&D campaign since you mentioned you were doing that for fun. That’d be a nice change of pace.
Thanks, Felix.
Love you man
hi pewds, i literally spent my early teenage years (fatal frame days) until now watching you. pls dont stress about your next or future contents. it's actually quite refreshing just watching your japan vlogs with marzia. it's also like an escape to us from this stressful world. we're just  so proud of how far you've come now. bro fist!!
Hello.  I’m 34, stuck, doing something I don’t want to do whatsoever.  Congrats for getting out.
Ah
I totally get this Felix. Your such a beautiful human being that has found his place right now, thats the energy you and Marzia are giving off and I just love to see that! That’s the content that works? Because it’s real and from the hearts. It seems to me you are absolutely grounded right now. Just Do what feels right, most of your followers are now at that same place in life. Maybe not in Japan, but at this age we are more at ease, And in a different fase of our own journey. Anyway! We’re still be here, for you guys and for each other. 🙌🏼
Mah favorite youtuber
Loving your Japan vlogs!
I just want you to be happy dude. Do whatever feels right to you and your true fans will always support you even if you’re not online anymore.
Been watching since 9 I’m almost 20
We love you mr kjellberg
You're legend! Just ignore the negative words. We always support you 🏆✨
Thats all fine and well Poods, but where can I get those headphones from?
Dont Quit
you tube GOAT. 🐐
Love ❤️
I Grew Up Watching and Admiring Pewds Back then I even got a Freaking headset by Him Love the guy inspired me to watch the playthrough he posted back then it's okay if Felix retired , You will be always in Our Hearts as The GREATEST YOUTUBER OUT THERE , Bros for life
I am excited to see what you make. Create whatever you enjoy creating and that will be awesome.
If you quit, let me have your channel!
2010-2022 you the best gaming vidios, i like this , i enjoy for wacht your vidios, don't quit bro
Day he quits, I’m rewatching his videos from the start
Pewds will is king of YouTube. Long live the king
“is it time?” 😭 grown woman and it gets me every time
Hey Pewds/Felix Many of us have been watching for years. I myself have been a fan since I was 7 or 8. Today I am 19 years of age, and as I am danish, that means that I was watching back when I didn’t even Understand English. I have since learned English as you see. We have seen your journey, your ups and downs, your milestones and a lot more.   I think I speak for many of us when I say this: you’ve gotten older and more “mature”. Therefore I think that you should make content surrounding whatever YOU like to do, and not what gets views. You probably know that but still. And to be honest I think 90% of us will still be watching, because we watch you for you and not for whatever game and so on. Making The videos shouldn’t feel like an obligation, so you should be having fun with it.  All love to you and Marzia in Japan.   - Thore
I'm just here to beg for an Annual Minecraft Playthrough in December each year.  That's all.
Your channel is amazing in every way possible! Whatever you upload if you are happy about it, we’ll enjoy it and be happy for you! 🤍🤍✨ keep going!
Enjoy it!
I subscribed when you moved to Japan. Amazing content :)
I am loving the Japanese vlogs! Your two are so cute and wonderful! Whatever you choose to do we will support you!  Do what you love & what makes you happy!❤️❤️❤️
enjoy bro life 💪 hard work you make.  Yoda
Thank you so much for not quiting.
I started watching you in 2014, basically grew up watching you, learned English with your videos... Holy shit how much fun I had watching all those silly videos. I just now realized that's never coming back, we matured and that's beautiful. I wish you the best, thank you for all the core memories you gave me.
Next move : influencer boxing
When you peaked on your goal, sometimes you need a new goal. But it isn't always like that. You can just do stuffs without achieving goals. Do stuff on your on pace, no need for deadline and whats not. This is what pewds is doing and im all for it. Although i do kinda miss your regular uploads, I just need to move on just like pewds had moved on. Anyways good luck man.
I know, why Felix is so into surfing. He's preparing for main role in Point Break 2! Keep it up, Felix! Keep it up!
Totally Understandable...... but Meme Review is still my favorite thing ever on YT🤣🤣
BROFIST bro Im cryyiing
Some might say pewdiepie is old or boring but to the ones who saw everything, his peak and the sub war will never complain.
Recently i've been watching Cinnamon toast ken video's, and they have pewdiepie from a while back in them (i assume a while back), but pewds says he can't like live live in japan? or he can't do youtube up there or something? even though he has a house up there. can anyone elaborate more on that? like is pewds living-living in japan now? i was kinda curious what pewds meant when it was said, like does japan not like youtubers for there visa's or however it works? but hte trash taste homies live there?
It's just awesome to see you enjoying your life and YouTube
It's absolutely mind blowing to see how much someone's life can change just by taking that leap and hitting that "Go live" or "Record/publish" buttons
the thing which made your content interesting was seeing a dude having fun. so do whatever you feel gives you more fun.
Thank you Pewds for still making content,  we are all grateful and will follow wherever you take us!
The brofist at the end really warmed my heart  I've been watching Pewds since I was around 11-12 and I'm in my early 20s now, he's the reason I wanted to do youtube and though it didn't work out for me due to how youtube works nowadays I'm glad to of tried and now I'm still pursuing what I love just in a different way and I'm glad Felix can still find joy in what he does, even if it's not what everyone expects of him   No matter what you do I will always come back and support you 💙
you just gotta start playing the new games and you shall rise again
I have been watching you for a majority of these past 12 years, with that I grew in age and changed a lot and so did your channel. Even with all the changes I stuck with you and enjoyed everything, it’s not about what you make it’s about the authenticity around it. I love your channel and you and you’ll forever be a huge part of my childhood and life. Thank you sm for all the years of smiles you’ve brought to my face even when I was at my worse. I’ll never forget what an impact you’ve had on me. Thank you for being the best older brother figure I could ask for ☺️💜💜
He grew up. I think we all should grow up as well.
Na don’t quit bro, just do your thing.
Would love to see him game again. Help get YouTube game streaming some popularity.
Just do what makes you happy. It is your channel, it's meant for you to enjoy it first and foremost.
I love this video pewds
Never jumped on the big surge of fans after the trends but it feels nice as an occasional viewer to watch these type of videos. You may not have had a huge impact on my life but i know you have on others, Big respect.
Don't worry felix, the feeling of parasocial relationship between us will never change
Do another Terraria run bro!!
I like the mature Felix videos. You grew up here like many
As a fan of Pewds for a really really long time, I appreciate this decision. And honestly, this is how creators who peaked should "quit" things - not fully pull the plug but just occasionally check in when you want to and still have fun with it.
Enough to make a grown man cry.... *(Btw i grew watching pewdiepie)*
love you pewds
Just love how people in the comments agree to all what pewds is currently doing and all his Japan stuff being uploaded and still is able to look after his life. This channel feels like home and everyone of you guys are like family.
It will be sad when you do choose to stop making vids but the people have to respect your decisions
Don't quit my guy... You and your charismatic personality and peculiar videos have helped many to go through some tough times in life... And currently the vlogs and stuff that you do keep us updated about you we feel happy for you that you are enjoying your life.... Thats the simplest reason that we don't want you to quit.... Peace✌️
That's okay, Pewds. We're still here to support you no matter what. But please, if you do choose to quit, please don't delete or privatize your videos. At least let us have something to still look back on and watch. It reminded me of the pain when Marzia decided to quit YouTube. I respect her decision, but we really would've love it if she kept the videos up. Now we just rely on reuploads. Anyways, love you both 🥺💖
Don't really care what you do pewds! we will always be here!
dont quit pewds..please..
I started watching this channel when I was 11. Now I'll be 20. I honestly feel as if the channel has grown with me, and I'm enjoying every chapter. Keep doing you Pewds, that's what we're here for :)
We love and support you Felix!! Personally it makes me super happy to see you do what you enjoy doing and taking it easy, don't ever feel sorry for changing and feeling good about yourself and your life, what is most important is that you're happy <3
Please don't become another Japan tuber. They are really running out of ideas. I can't believe you did the snack video. Same tired old stuff.
👊
Amazing how one's time and attention can give someone else a huge amount of money thanks to sponsors and ads, enjoy your life pewdiepie, cycles are supposed to end so new ones start, you are in a position where you can do whatever brings you joy with your own channel.
Pewdiepie you should make videos when you want too, not when you feel that you need too
❤️
We really are in the Epilogue of Pewds career. Moving to Japan is really like a perfect bowtie ending to this "storyline". But who knows? Maybe when he's 50 or 60 he'd want to grind again and upload everyday lol. We're here to support whatever choice you make pewds
Meme review was god tier, never downplay the iconic content it contained.
thankyou, i had a draining day, u make me feel safe and have some hope, i really appreciate ur presence
We can consider you as retired, if you want. We are all so grateful, so upload what you want, when you want. See ya 🙂
Literally watched you since I was 10 now I’m 20… I grew up with you even if you decide to do this instead of that just do you we will always watch what you upload enjoy life man.
I'll be honest, I don't watch a lot of your videos all the time anymore... I've been subbed since the relative beginning of your career and journey and while I'd understand and support your decision to retire if you so chose, I'm happy to still see you uploading and finding new things you're into since you've grown as a person and husband. It's comforting to still see your videos pop up in my feed because I've been watching your videos for so long and feel like I've been able to grow up with a part of you. Kinda like an older brother that helps cheer me up when I'm not feeling so great, or helps me look at life a little differently than being stuck in my own head constantly. Love you Felix, and I'm happy you're happy 😊 ❤️
Do what you like to do. As long as you're happy and well thats enough :) I honestly like your videos now where they're chill and i can see you're making them for yourself and its actually good because there's no pressure compared to the relevant videos on memes or drama.
That brofist hit me right in the heart. Whatever you’re doing pewds, we’re here to watch. Seeing you happy and fulfilled is inspiring af and I appreciate the hell out of you for sharing.
I remember the first time I watched you when I was like 8 or 10. Funny enough It was at my local county library, I borrowed one of the computers there and saw a play-through of Slender Mansion, during that moment I have never laughed so much until I saw your vid, Pewds i would like to thank you for being a part of my childhood and always cheering me up whenever you upload, ofc, as time goes on people, don't usually watch the same YouTuber and decide to expand their taste of content by watching other YouTubers, but regardless I'm glad of how far you've come as a content creator and I hope that you enjoy your time in Japan with Marzia and the pugs, may God bless you and help in whatever way He can. Thanks, Felix
I'm very happy that you are still here 😊 and I enjoy every videos of yours 😊
Live your life pewds, thank you for staying.
I love the new content, the vlogs are so nostalgic!!
The brofist at the end gave me chills. I've missed that!
Been watching since i was 11, now 22, thankyou so much for everything Felix!!!!
Thanks for this. Even as a small youtuber I can relate to everything you said. I constantly have to remind myself why I started youtube in the first place. To connect with people and for fun. It is easy to forget when you constantly see the numbers and statistics on your channel, which does starting to affect you sooner or later. Although you upload a lot of "silly" videos, I can see that you are actually a very intellectual and wise person. Keep doing what you love 🙂
Alr
Bro just enjoy your life you've done enough for us thank you and have fun 😊
We love you so much Pewds, always be with you bro
Probably delete this channel and make a new channel and try a new format like starting all over?
WE want mooreeeeeeeeeee
Dont worry just do videos anytime you like. it was a very fun ride. thanks for everything. brofist
Love you.  Happy to see you do what makes you happy.
.. And I still enjoy watching your stuff brother! <3
We need you in a boxing ring
This guy have been making content longer than how long I've been living  Felix deserves better.
Bro love fron india . Pls dont quit😓😓😓😭
What's crazy is the fact that I and probably many people will come back and watch videos from years ago. The nostalgia and familiarity is just something we will always have. You have legitimately been a big part of many of our lives. And we are so happy to have been a "part" of yours! We are beyond happy that you have found true happiness in life, that Is literally all we want for you! To see you flourish is what we enjoy seeing!
Please don't quit🥺🥺
Good. If you quit, I'll wipe Japan, Sweden and Italy OFF THE FACE OF THE PLANET! Don't test me, Felix.
So basically "I'm still here because I enjoy it, but don't expect too much". I mean it's your channel do what you want with it.
辞めないで！
You can retire and un-retire many times you like as long as it is still the thing you love to do, just like Terry Funk.
Seeing you happy makes me happy.
Love you Felix
I will never understand how you could complain about pewdiepie still uploading and ask him to stop?! Do you hate when good things happen or something?! He will stop uploading either way some day so enjoy his content as long as you can! I'm sad he stopped doing things like meme review, ylyl or minecraft but at the end of the day it's his choice so I'm just happy I can still see him pop up in my feed every once in a while with new videos.  Thanks for everything Felix! PS. You think one day you will be making music again? I know youbwere fed up after YT striked Coco but maybe wuth new inspiration from Japan you could release a new song maybe?
New headphones look kinda dumb ngl. Bet they were expensive tho, very nice.
just go back to gaming
Play Sonic Frontiers!!!!
wow this guys have 110 000 000 followers
I'm glad I still watch him
Now that you're in Japan, it's time to find a religion.
pewds is literally one of the most genuine youtuber that i know of.
Dude, you gave me the best childhood I could have. Been following you since 2011, and whatever you chose to do I'll support you. It's been a long ride, and it wouldn't be so crazy to say that it's been long enough. So do as you please man, you deserve it.
I love this man, makes me happy to see him happy 😊
Bro, you want me to punch my new phone?
hello PewDiePie Felix.. your awesome man.. if you can can you do a shout out on your next video our 1st channel called Bosnia magnetfishing thanks :)
Loved all your book review videos. Wish you’d keep making those once in awhile.
Dont make short and people will be on your side forever
The Vlog vids are fine and you seem happy doing it. I don't think you'll get near the viewership but let's be honest, you probably don't need it...  Besides that we'll be waiting for you to do a playthrough of the next big game to come out
Some things never change. super grateful for everything you've done. Thank you pewds :D
You're always be my number one Youtuber ever! I remember the first time I saw your video back in 2012, and I really enjoy your video especially Funny Montage that I keep replaying everyday, literally everyday. It was really fun memories, thank you for that Pewds! Keep having the best time of your life, hope you enjoy every moment forward.
Hi Pewds! I hope that there were lots of waves 🌊
We love all the changes! That's why you never get boring pewds!! Im so happy for you and how your whole life turned out!! Keep doing what you enjoy the most!
I'm very happy that you didn't quit, but I also 100% understand what you were talking about in this video. It's sad that a lot of time people can't do truly what they want with their channels bc it's also a business, and sometimes the fun part of it being hobby disappears. I'm glad that you found a way to enjoy your dream again and I'm looking forward to all of the uploads ahead of us <3 brofist!
Growth I love it
Jag njuter av dina videos nu, det är som att se en gammal vän njuta av livet. Det gläder mig, du satte Göteborg på kartan för gamingnördar. Du är värd att göra det som du vill. Njut kära Felix!
Pewds Looking good with this haircut.
I stopped watching Felix about a year ago. His collab with Ken (almost every video) was boring for me, I don't find Ken funny. So I stopped watching. But I grew up with him, when he played games I loved playing games, when he stopped, I kinda stopped too. But I simply got bored of his new format with Ken or vlogs. YLYL, Minecraft, T-Series "drama" were the absolute peak of YT for me.  So I will be forever grateful for this entertainment Pewds gave me throughout my childhood and teenage years. Whatever you do, do your thing. But if I gave you one advice (from a random person on YT) - with great power, comes great responsibility. Think about it. BROFIST!
This is my favorite pewdiepie era. Japan has been so great for you. Thanks for letting us enjoy this with you.  Always loved whatever you do though. Love watching the growth. Feel like we’ve grown up together
I’d say I miss you, but definitively you were never gone:)
"I whould love to do it again but i dont want to do it again" lol
You served us well and for a long time dude, enjoy the life you earned.
Thank you for all the amazing memories. When I was younger  watching you made me feel like I had a friend in times when I needed that. Now I'm 23, have a wife, a kid and life is better. Lookin forward to the future content. 🤘❤️
been here since you were 24 and i was 20 bro
This video brought me back to your channel.  Seeing this side of you is refreshing! I’m glad you’re enjoying the content you put out.
i am not gonna let you quite you dumbass, beacause we love U
Turtles
Hey pewds, I'm from Malaysia and currently studying Japanese right now. I'll study in Japan in next year. I'm really happy but at the same time Japanese language is really hard and I know that you know it too because you are currently studying Japanese too. There are many times when I felt very tired and cried and even thought to give up studying at Japan but everytime I watch your vlogs, it makes me want to push myself because I can see what I will miss if I stop right now. Thank you for the vlogs pewds I really love it, and good luck studying Japanese too.
Well if it means anything pewds, I'm glad you are still here casually cos you are just a real dude being yourself and doing anything you enjoy.
Thanks for the entertainment. ❤️
glad youre still here, would be sucky if you are missing on le youtube.
you dont need to quit pewds...u can just upload videos from time to time
pewds is not a youtuber. He is THE youtuber
I've been watching you since the early amnesia playthroughs. You were the very first youtuber I watched. While I may not watch your newest content you occasionally make, seeing you stop completely would leave a sad spot. Its good to see creators realize it's just about having fun.
The brofist makes me tear up every time 🥲
I liked you better back when you had a gaming channel.
Bro, I am a subscriber (from another channel because it got deleted for no reason lol) since your old funny montages and the first season of the walking dead since then, no matter how much the content has changed, I watched every singe video (and I liked every one of them obviously )    I fell it's save to say that there are tons of people here who care more about watching you as a person and have a good time, than the actual content (does this sound right?).   idk I just really like you and your personality 😄 you're a funny guy and I enjoy watching your videos every damn time
My favorite thing about you Felix is how Authentic and real you are. Keep living your life and stay awesome 👊 I’ve enjoyed watching you change and grow as a person and it it seems like you’ve changed for the best and have become wiser which isn’t something everyone gets to say!
Honestly, speaking as someone who has recently discovered you, Sean and Mark, it's genuinely admirable that despite hearing and reading all the bullcrap you went through, you're still here. That's fucking dedication, and just sheer iron will. Even if you choose to never upload anything again (except I hope you continue the yearly challenges with Sean, me and my best friend love them and keep laughing at how much we're like you two when we're in the same room), I don't think Pewdiepie will ever fade from memory. You created an incredible legacy, and that legacy helped inspire more to follow, and they will then inspire others. That's going to be the Pewdiepie legacy, even when the man behind it may eventually choose to retire.
this really is just wholesome af 😢
I've personally really bee enjoying your Japan related content, i hope you do decide to stay, but in the end of the day we'll support whatever your decision may be. Best of wishes to both of you! <3
Well enjoy it man you deserve it
I am so glad I didn't unsubscribe a couple of years ago when I felt like your content was not what I was looking for on YouTube. I basically grew up with you, man. I am 19 now. Keep doing what makes you happy and live your best life!
Everyone goes through different phases and sometimes people are too busy for different things! What I've learned through growing up is how much time real life actually takes when you care and spend time on work and friends instead of youtube content hahah I still love and appreciate you for making videos whenever you feel like it and on Your terms! Been a fan for so many years and I don't think I'll ever stop loving seeing your videos every now and then :) It feels insane to have grown up with you and to also have been able to watch you grow and change as a person, and I'm very happy I've got to be a part of the growth of the channel alongside you!
brofist
We'll always be there for you, Pews! I love your content no matter what you make and I'm happy you decided to stick around a while longer! But if there is ever a time you want to retire, then we'll be happy for you all the same!
I've seen the multiple era's of this channel, I won't be stopping any time soon as long as you're here poods.
I’d jus love to see a new mine raft series
Bro, i wish You upload forever, but if you felling the time has come, you better than anyone can decide. I really enjoyed all the changes and probably will keep enjoying!
You are very clearly at the top of your game.
This is a warm video, like hearing from an old friend. As long as you're happy, I'll be happy too.
You do you felix, i mean, im from Norway. But.. you do you..
We support you whatever you choose
YOOOO I have the same edition of The Count of Monte Cristo that is on your shelf back there. My guy is getting in that DUMAS!
❤
It’s just nice seeing that he’s finally happy.
Love ya pewds
millionaire that reacts to trash video is crying again and more first world problems
I've been loving the japan vlogs, hope you continue to have fun with it
love the headset tho
I am far more interested in who you are as a person, and what you are actually like when dealing with others than meme reviews or let's play videos. I appreciate that you are  willing to share this part of your life with us. Make the art you desire to make and I am confident it will work out fine, just be the real you bro.
your content now is personally my favorite!! lots of us genuinely love watching you live your new life in japan, and its fun for you and us. obviously not saying you have to do this content, or do this content forever but for now i think its great! it’s nice to see everything so peaceful. it reminds me as a person in their early 20s that someday i can achieve something like that. peaceful
Pewds, If you painted a wall and made a 10 minute video just watching paint dry I'd watch it and not even skip the ads.
you're literally teaching us to live a healthier life, at this point felix I always get inspired and motivated and I hear your perspectives in life, it's really helpful and it does make a difference
🫶🏻
You are doing great job, Just enjoy your life !!!!
Lol
I love you Felix
I always feel emotional whenever there's a brofist 👊🥲
If pewdiepie wants to retire from YouTube I don't think anyone would be against that, he has been such a positive impact in my life personally and to know he is living his life happily would be a dope way to end things
I'm glad you haven't fully quit(tho I'm glad you have also moved onto ways of making yourself more happy) I've been watching you since early 2011 or late 2010 when I had just had my oldest son.   It's weird, you were in the background while I breastfed, while I taught him how to walk, while he learned to talk, went to his first day of kindergarten...  Life is strange
Changes will happen regardless and as person you will readjust, so will the viewers. You will develop new interests overtime, so will the viewers. Just do you old man *brofist*
Help the world move to Rumble.
It always makes me happy seeing you still uploading ((: Grateful for all the fun and looking forward for all you do in this channel in the future!  Just do what you want to do, know some of us (myself included) will always be here :DDD
I really appreciate how you say your channel has peaked, but continue making content. It is nice and refreshing to hear a youtuber who couldn't care less about subscribers.
This guy is an inspiration I swear.  Do whatever you want to do, we back you up :)
I want him to come back crazy and try to reach 200 million subscribers
For your last video it should be a music video and showing a compilation of all over your videos till now.
The way of Monk has been achieved.  One word and he can influence 100milion people.   He rejects it.
Ignore the haters. I don't think it matters how successful you are, I don't believe in quitting 👊
Anything you do will be amazing! We will always love and support you no matter if your posting or living!
I think that Felix will be a very great father
Look at you all grown up🥺
The goat
Love seeing Felix rocking the Audeze LCD headphones!
Huh, it does feels weird when you think about it. What does Pewds want at this point in YT other than making content based on what he want?
Better Call Saul es una serie de televisión estadounidense de drama creada por Vince Gilligan y Peter Gould. Es una precuela y serie derivada (spin-off) de la serie anterior de Gilligan, Breaking Bad.  Ambientada entre principios y mediados de la década de 2000, la serie sigue la historia de Jimmy McGill (interpretado por Bob Odenkirk), un estafador recientemente convertido en abogado y que posteriormente sería conocido como Saul Goodman. La serie comienza seis años antes de los eventos de Breaking Bad y muestra la transformación de McGill de ex-estafador de poca monta hasta convertirse en el abogado y criminal Saul Goodman, uno de los personajes principales de Breaking Bad. McGill se convierte en el abogado del expolicía Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks), cuyas habilidades le permiten ingresar al inframundo criminal del narcotráfico en Albuquerque (Nuevo México).  El programa se estrenó en el canal AMC el 8 de febrero de 2015 y finalizó el 15 de agosto de 2022.5​ Netflix emite la serie en varios países y Movistar Series en España.
Wait.. I have seen these headphones.. Dankpods?:)
You have one of the best insights to life, your channel has become very important to me :) you can say what ever tf you want and I'll still get something out of it. Keep on being pewds 👊
It’s okay! We’ll still love you ❤️ WHOLEHEARTEDLY!!! Thank you so so so much for the past years. I realized you made your channel on 29th of April and it’s my birthday and that is enough to make me happy ❤️ whatever content you’re thinking of doing, I’ll DEFINITELY supports you! Do whatever you want! No complaints from me🥺
Damn...those are really big ass headphones
those headphones lol
👊
nah fr i love pewds vlogs its really comforting and it just makes my day a whole lot better watching them its like a stress reliever (its kinda like a slice of life type of theme which I really enjoy personally very wholesome) :)
Finally some reasoning ! why would people assume since he has everything (in there perspective) that he should quit ? I think that now after he has his future secured, after all the hardwork of course, he should focus on having fun, just like when he started if not a different direction since he's grown to like other stuff. Now is the time to enjoy what you like, make videos on whatever you want and put the youtube grind for success to rest, or just lay low and chill with your family and friends. Having given enough to us, it's time for you to do WHATEVER THE HELL YOU WANT (Got the reference ?). 🤜
I genuinely don’t know what I’d do when you leave, YouTube just wouldn’t be the same without you
The thing is, the ones that look up to you love you Felix. I love u and your character. Thank you for the gaffs and for the inspiration that you gave me and so many others. If u decide to do more, fine. If not, fine. XD u keep doing u, OG bro
the way your channel has been lately has been the most I've ever enjoyed your content. keep doing what makes you happy man 🥺
Felix. You always make me smile.  Being one of the last constants in my life.   You are a beacon of what a successful YouTuber should be.  You someone who’s made it big but hasn’t let it change you. Like jack septiceye and markiplier.  You’ve stayed remarkably down to earth. True to yourself. Honest with your fan base.    And to me. Have always been an inspiration on how to handle fame.  Just be yourself. Keep being a wonderful human being. And living your life   The fame doesn’t matter. It’s the memories. It’s what you guys to do for others.  It’s using what you made. To build yourself a comfortable but humble life.   You never let it get to head   And for that I’m greatful.   You give me hope for people.      Never stop Felix. Never stop
Carpenters can retire and still make stuff for fun, why is everyone so confused when someone on youtube does it?  I love having you around. I love it even more that you are living your life and enjoying it :)  From surfing the web to surfing the sea!
T series is best
My best bro
I've been here since and before the Last of us gameplay that was 9 years ago, I'm 22 now about to turn 23 and I'm still here to enjoy whatever you post Pewds. I - we Love you! Keep being awesome bro and just do you and do what you wanna do tbh. We will fully support you!!!
New minecraft season???
you did your part man ], now just enjoy your life and the results of your hard work. happy for you!!!!
Just dont die
Please continue the vlogs as long as you feel comfortable with them. They make me feel like I’m traveling and experiencing this country along with you
Have you tried skateboarding? When surfing isn't an option it's great! :D Japanese skaters are lovely and insane too!
Love the new headset pewds. Haven't watched the video yet. I just want to compliment your new headphones
Rad
I thought this was about nofap
Keep it up Felix!!! 👍👊
please do whats best for you and your wellbeing we're all here for you felix ive been a fan of your content since i was really little (im 19 now) you're a huge inspiration to me and have fun!
Pewds you are like the ace of YouTube keep doing what you love and that's all that matters
Been watching you since I was 13. Never thought I’d still be here when I was 25. Glad I never left.
We all expected good ending. But we got the best ending. I am happy bros
Felix's journey is a masterclass in personal development.  From an uncertain future and unhealthy obsession in a niche hobby, to unfathomable success and fame which carved out a path thousands would thence follow. It's unbelievable.  Yet, his unwavering, genuine sense of humility & retrospective approach to life is truly his most impressive quality considering how destructive overwhelming success can be.  Thanks for the memories!
If i was honest to myself rn… I don’t want to rely an income from youtube. YouTube could cut my shut at any given point.
Ngl I just want Pewds just have fun even without him recording it and maybe just an occasional tweet
Just want to tell you that I Love you Pewds <3 won't say why bcuz you probably already know it. Just keep doing what you love! I've seen you grow with us and achieve a lot of things in life, keep enjoying life and we'll do the same with you <3
ive been watching your videos for so long, that if you ever quit, then i would feel like im going into retirement after 65 years.
Honestly you don’t have to upload anymore, but small updates every now and then would be nice so we at least get to see what you’re up to.
I would honestly still watch ur content even if it devolves into rating the smell of your feet and farta
Please go to the Nagasaki Wildlife Park and visit the roaming capybaras.
Do whatever you want bro, I just like you as a person and like hearing you talk 👌   But keep in mind, in the end, we're all here for a distraction.
U got nothing to prove anymore Felix. You can do whatever you want. I do really miss meme review😞
We are here on earth for such a sort time, you are doing what you love and enjoy, who cares what anyone else thinks. Live your life!
Love the comfy vibes your channel brings, im glad you are turning away from the hype mentality of content creation. Keep doing what you are doing Felix  <3
Poods is in New Game +
Love you Pewds! Keep going ✨
Pewds! Listen! Life's not over!!! Start a new adventure! Do crazy stuff you've never done before GO ABOVE AND BEYOND YOUR WILDEST DREAMS!
It really gives me joy to watch how happy u are in Japan. I’m watching you for almost 10 years now, keep up the positive vibes !! 🙏🙏
I enjoy book review, that's always good
I've really been enjoying your japan videos, keep doing what makes you happy <3
I've been subscribed since the Amnesia let's play and was never really interested in the meme review/LWYA videos. Much better seeing you more chill and just leveling with us.
Personally, you just enjoying life is some of your best content to me. Your vlogs are the best
It's so sad that now I'm an adult, can afford his merch and already have some. And he "kinda" retired  No matter what, I still respect his decision
Keep doing what makes you happy and brings you fulfillment Felix 😊
Felix. Did you get a new haitcut? But we love you and your content.
This explain so much, what was making me comeback to your channel was your true self like the last two years with Dark souls 3 or things like that. I prefer getting one video a month but seeing you enjoy doing it then see someone forcing himself to follow the trend just to get views.  Been watching your vids since amnesia era and damn it's been a long time but a good time too.  From the bottom of our hearts we all love you pewds.   "insert brofist"
You’re the OG creator here dawg, whatever you make or do is Pewdiepie content and that’s what all those millions are subbed for.
I'm here for whatever, I'm here because I like you Felix, whatever you update it's always great to hear what you have to say. Enjoy and don't stress 💚
maybe just go back to streaming games? Is that easier for you? Do what you enjoy!
i'll never forgive you for stopping shitposting with Brad :D best time ever
Pewdiepie never give up until 1b subs
Avoid snorkeling in Japan. Too many people die.
Keep doing what you're doing pewds. We support you!
I love you pewd🥰
Entertainment has always been a distraction from life and it continues to get worse until we get to a point that we are all in simulator rooms living life watching someone else live life.  Whatever we don't like about the real world goes away when we are entertained and we don't have to deal with it.  As we struggle on we get more distracted with the entertainment of our lives vs going outside and living our own lives.
do more horror games
I think seeing videos like these are some of my favorite. It's so easy to find people on YouTube just trying to entertain you, but to find someone that can be completely genuine and still entertaining, is so much harder to find. So I'm glad you're not quitting Felix, I'll always look forward to your next video.
Guys i got minecraft
BRING BACK FRIdaYS WITH PEWdIEPIE ANd The VLoGS
Hey Pewds God.. make book review if you think like doing so.
You are so inspiring.
Need those Minecraft days back🙃❤️
we are living in the comfy comfy ark
tutorial on how to start surfing!!!
But you need to beat the Elden Ring DLC 0 deaths
Love u pewd, by the way, what headphone did you use right now? looks cool
Do what ever you want but don't stop playing games
I hope sive has other employment
Pewdiepie is my imaginary husband
he deserves the world what a king 👑
i grew with you and we all changed
Regardless of where you want to bring your channel the Bro army will always be here! Keep doing what you love Felix!
Your content has always been good because of your love for it. Keep on keepin on
you are at the age where, you do it, when YOU feel like it, so fuck the others ( in a respectful way )
True ending pewdiepie
I literally in tears when he did the brofist, it’s been a wild ride, 8 years ago when I started watching youtube and I stumbled upon this beautiful channel and I couldn’t get enough now im in university and still enjoy this content, thank you for everything felix you’ll always be our big bro and we’ll always enjoy your company 🤜
People like watching people they like doing things they like lol. Have fun, and thanks for sharing it with us
My man, never forget that also people watch you because of you and not because of what you do (gaming, vlogging, memereview etc.)
Love you dude ❤️
Are those the LCD-3’s?🤩
I'm not personally interested in this season of Pewdiepie, but I'll be here for the next one. Enjoy Jepan and vlogs if that's what you enjoy.
I agree. YouTube should be done for fun! I mean that's why 90% of us started YouTube.
Loving the Japan vlogs, very nice chill content to relax to c:
Awesome! Keep doing what you like dude! Here's to more years of fun!!  Also, love those mic-bumped sounds, they go "buwooong".
felix amazing for still uploading
I have a question though is your dog from Minecraft still alive from broland
Thousands less........on a base of 111 million. Okay pewds ;)
Was this when floor gang happened? That was a great era, you helped get a lot of people through the pandemic.
Take your experience and support others with it, thats what all producers do.
i’ll be honest the day you quit i will be going through it emotionally but please do whatever you need❤️ i have watched you for ten years i would watch you for ten more! we love to see your growth and we also love new experiences!!! ❤️❤️ thank you for being you and everything you have given us.
Thank you pewds and very nice
fvbnm
It’s heartwarming seeing Felix at a good place and enjoying his life!
That headset is absolutely fucking massive
Felix is just a super down to earth nice and genuine guy, i think i speak for a lot of people if i said no matter his content is, his happiness is important above all. And watching him live his life to the fullest making himself as happy as he deserves to be is the best content there is.
Glad he played minecraft tho
That 2000€ headset looks goofy, but i bet it sounds amazing 😍
And we still enjoy your content 🎉 and hopefully will be able to enjoy it for years to come 👌
Hes pudes tho, dudes immortal
Pooods. U getting buffed
I love your videos, It is getting better and better !
You're like a friend I never got to meet, who started at the bottom and eventually reaching goals and dreams. Makes me genuinely happy to see you where you are right now. Stay wholesome, Pewds.
I'm not flippin leavin!
New Pewdiepie is great! I love your exploration of Japan. Have fun! You’re a great inspiration
part of the journey is the end.❤️
When's the next Happy Wheels part?
I clicked to make sure I’m unsubbed and I am. The way he talks to his fans is inexcusable. Bye pewds. -love stephano  I hope you quit
Definition of made it: make your hobby your job and then make your job your hobby
It's sad thinking that the YouTube directors will breathe a huge sigh of relief when you'll leave.
Please keep doing the Japan vlogs, they are awesome!
When the day gets too stressful, the best moment is when i see a new pewdiepie video, i dont know how sad i would be to not see that anymore. I dont want to force you (obviously) but i would love to see more of your videos
I feel like pewds is low-key depressed, I can imagine he has earned all and is just feeling empty slightly, 2nd guessing his next goals now that he exceeded all expectations. If by the slight chance I'm correct, pewds.... Start a family. 🙏
I guess Pewds, Markiplier and Jack has earn the right to cruise through their youtube career doing what they like at this point
Not a fan of shorts, just do anything and I’ll watch when I got the time.
The Best that Ever Was.
As soon as your ready man, GAMING WEEK!  Lol do what you’re in to, but what’s harm in me asking eh? 😁
We really love you, have fun Pewdi
Don't leave us pewds! The world needs you more than ever
Please do more vloggs
good for you bro. keep doing what makes you happy 👊
are you quoting YouTube
I've been absolutely loving the new Japan chapter! It feels so relaxing, especially after the wild 2020-2021 we all had
that is just the sweetest thing i have heard in well...forever i've wanted you to quit for a while just cause it seemed like something you wanna do y'know start a new chapter of your life but hearing this...y'know i'm glad we get to enjoy that new chapter with you. i say this like you'll ever see it and i'm not yelling into the void but as i continue to write this i start to realise it doesn't really matter if you are as happy as you are right now
You do what’s best for you. We will always support you because you have been such a big help for so many people, including me. Thank you for that. 🖤
Hi!
I do not really comment much. I've lurked since the Amnesia days, then went off, then came back and have stuck with you since. And to be honest Pewds, the content you have put out in the last few weeks has been highly enjoyable. As a guy of similar age it's great to see you live the best life and experience what you want to do. I like the shift in video style and content. Your philosophy is highly appreciated and to be honest: Do whatever you feel like, because if I was in your position I would do the exact same. I'm just happy to be along for the ride, see where it ends. Also: Thanks for the insight into your life in Japan. I missed out traveling back to Japan due to Corona before I went back to University (late bloomer) - So this is really cool to enjoy the country once more. tl;dr: You do you man, that's the most authentic content I've been able to enjoy from you since a few months.
u do u pewds .  keep uploding the vlogs of Japan. which
Living the dream. Beautiful wife, living in a place he loves, doing what he loves for a living and now with no pressure to follow the dreaded algorithm…. I hope to be at least half as successful someday!
If you like what you do whats the problem
是啊
I would love to see pewd's journey in japan. Seeing him happy and enjoying his life is more than enough for me. He's done enough especially for me . for making me laugh all those years.. we all support you pewds!
Felix I started watching your channel when you were around 25 million subs. I was quite young and YouTube was a very different place back then, but over the years I have always been able to come back to your channel and enjoy your videos at any time. I always imagined that you would continue making videos until you were an old man but as I mature I understand that you develop different interests and so on… I just want to say I will always love you and I hope you continue making videos for many years to come but if it does become too much at times you should just take a month off to replenish yourself. Love, Nova.
So happy for you!
that bro fist hit real hard
Nice. I hope you still gonna do some let's plays i really enjoy watching you playing games.
Personally whatever you decide to do or post trust me I will still watch and support dw ❤️
Literally part of millions of childhoods here and pewds is still just worried about having fun in the end. Perfect, this is why you are still one of the greats and sure people really want things like amnesia or happy wheels or the older content back but. The older contect is always there to watch, and the memories and nostalgia more than make up for that abscence.   It's just nice to know one of your childhood heroes is living a happy and peaceful life, just having fun.  Cheers bro.
Don't quit. I think you are polished and it'd not much of a reason but I watch you now more than ever
Привет из России, удачи тебе, бро👊
I have watching him for about 5 years , not the longest but his content or overall himself is a good human and Thanks to him I laughed in some of the bad days
Your shirt is really black.
I love you dad
Body language bloke... where are you?
You've been such a big inspiration for me growing up man. I'm so glad that you and Marzia are happy and where you want to be. Wish you the best with whatever comes next.<3
I have been watching since the amnesia days. If you ever want to leave, its okay. You're always gonna be an legendary icon to youtube.
We’ll be here if you upload and always have something to do if you don’t. No pressure to upload, man. Keep living your life.
money dont let you live ... money dont let you retire
Just enjoy yourself now. Share whatever you feel is right as it's anyways worth it. Take your time but keep the vlogs coming!
So happy for you dude! This is one of the most wholesome channels at this point & feels very genuine. We aren't going anywhere ✨✨
L + Ratio + You dropped off
I like this new arrangement. Daily Pewds was a good time, but now we get occasional Felix, and occasional Felix is always a good time.
I believe that as internet and YouTube changes in real time, what feels like "distractions" and "nonsense" in 2016 for instance might be really interesting to look back on for different reasons in the future. If nothing else, it's fun to look back on all these PewDiePie eras that happened
I like the wood bits on his headphones
Hey, I have that same headset! It's fantastic!
The Youtube God himself
We need people like Pewdiepie who can upload whatever they want in an age where the youtube algorithm has a strangle hold on people who are trying to balance making content they enjoy and content that will let them support themselves
I am so happy for you, it's hard to make desicions like that, and we aprecciate you share your life experiences with us, seriously <3 I hope you and Marzia the best for your life, and thank you both for letting us be a part of your journey <3
Don't you go away Felix saaaan :( ... I know it's selfish... I just wanna hear from u every week!
Glad I've been with Pewds since Amnesia. Time flies.
Got any book reviews coming?
we all love you  always
I enjoyed book reviews so if you still enjoy that I guess it’s an idea.
Most of us have grown up with you,  this is just the next phase of your life. I think we are all happy for you.  It's really inspiring to see how much you've grown and to see how much you have accomplished throughout the years, I'll be rooting for you.
GO BACK TO MEME REVIEW AND LWIAY PHASE
Those headphones look cool
Doing a “Let's Play" for the last time could be a great Finale for you if you want to quit Felix.  Imagine ending a journey with the Genre that you started it, and you thrive to be where you are now.  *My Final Let's Play*  Could be a great ending title.
Nice
woo wake up pewds uploaded!!
What is the name of the headset that he is wearing?
you will always be my favourite youtuber
Lalalallalalalal
Yep! You're not just the king of YouTube for nothin. bro fist ma man.
Enjoy your life in Japan! There’s nothing 19-year olds want more than your genuine happiness!
We'll support you no matter what you decide to do Pewds!!
im not crying from the brofist you are
Enjoy your life mate
We still waiting for the sextape tho... * runs away *
I'm a bigger fan now then I ever was before.
日本はどうですか。住みにくくないですか。故郷が恋しくないですか。日本に居る間嫌な思いしませんように。
Be happy pewds
Actually really enjoying your videos the last 2 years. Happy to hear that you won't retire :)
Pewds I'm pretty sure you're true fans will be happy with you no matter your choice. I've been here since Stefano and mr. Chair. You're a part of the number of YouTubers I watched to help dealing with depression and the loss of my mother. Stay an amazing person
Currently re-watching all your older videos rn. I really missed pre-2020 PewDiePie. Your videos are the one that fill in my lonely night thru college. Whatever your decision with your channel is, I just hope it'll be the best for you and your family. After 12 years of doing youtube and all the legacy you've left on the internet, tbh I wouldn't mind if you stop. Of course I'll be sad, but I'll be more happy for everything that happened.  Thank you, PewDiePie 👊
i fucking love this guy man. <3
all real felix fans are married, have kids, mature 🥲 and we still here
This was the video I needed to see today. Thank you, man. 👊
We always there with you Felix ❤️
You’re the best pewds
We will be there for you. Support you. Just do what you want to do. 👊
Love you Felix 💚 You have always made my day watching your videos as a kid and now I'm working my way to get into the game industry, am I having a blast? No HAHA not even sure if the industry is for me working wise but your videos are my childhood and the reason I love and started gaming once I finally had the funds. I havent been with you the whole road but I will always remember you and pop back in once in a while to laugh with you once again 💚 Thank you for everything 💚
You’ll always be my fav YouTuber. You got the most character development
Pewdiepie vs tseries and cocomelon already the climax of pewds youtube journey for me
I love you felix
You scared me for a second there poods 😭  Love you so much 💕 thank you for being you 💖
I'm just here waiting for speedruning to become less mainstream so that Pewdiepie stops feeling cringy about speedrunning his favourite games. Might take 10 years like Minecraft, might take 5 years like Subnautica, but he's gonna get there and that's good to me
respect and salute my guy happy that u are having fun on this days now and do what u love man and have fun       BRO FIST
I'll be honest, I've been watching Pewds for a couple years now and I can't say I want him to quit. No matter how much the videos have changed it's always nice to watch a video uploaded no matter the content.
Me and my 12 year old sister are huge fans of urs. Whatever u do we will always  support  u man.
just leaving a comment to see my member rank
I learned many things by pewd, without him I wouldn't be open minded person, and wouldn't respect other religious beliefs.  I grew up watching pewds, and I never regret doing it, neither do most of poeple.  many people don't know him, or they just watched a few clips of him swearing, and cursing, but that is not the point, they just don't share the good clips about him.
I watch whatever you post
Watching your video since 5 year now don't ever quit just keep doing what you like 😭
keep doing what you love, don't live up with other people's expections. just keep living !
Dude, never watched you as a gaming channel, cause it's not my thing. But I'm enjoying these Japan vlogs.
Felix's humbleness with his huge platform is part of the reason I love him so much
Lol he looks and acts so wise, mature and intelligent. Good for him.
Love it
Book reviews 👍
DON'T QUITTTTTT PLEASE MA LORD 😩
we will always respect ur decisions pewds!! we love u and we wish u and marzia all the best<3 love u
I love your current content. It's kinda like I grew up together with the content in this channel. Do you, Pewds!
Just have fun. That - is - all.
All you need to do is what you wanna do. Please just have fun posting what you want because that’s when your videos are the best. I love watching your vlogs lately because I kinda feel like I’m seeing you just be you and it’s great! You do you
I honestly feel like Pewds has already retired and he's just hanging out with us. I'm glad he's out of the drama and hope that he does whatever is the best for his mental and physical health. If he keeps posting I'll keep watching, but if he decides is time to leave, I'll miss him, but I'll understand
Pewds and Ken will always be my two all time favs
We are happy you're happy Pewds! 👊
Whatever you do, I trust you'll ultimately be successful. You've had "fuck you" money for a long time now, it's good to see that you're still refining yourself and trying different things in spite of that.
Pewds sometimes will surprise us like elden ring, I remember those happy wheels days is fun and relax to watch
Pls dont Quit... Just upload whatever and whenever you want, even if its once a year... Pls dont make me cry.
Proud of you, Pewds!
Thank you.
Even though Mr beast goona dethrone pews , pews still the best YouTuber for me, you bring us happiness from the past till now , hope you become more happy from what your doing right now
eyo pewds! have you gone mountian biking in japan yet? there's such cool places to do so!
You are YouTube’s dad. You tell it when to quit
We love you Pewds! You will ALWAYS be the King of YouTube in our hearts.
Pewds, please enjoy your life, you've done well. No hard feelings even if you leave and never come back. You're living your best life now. You shouldn't let us hold you back - go and be present with your wife
Tomorrow's clickbait: "I'm actually quitting YouTube"
Best of luck Pewds and will always support you ♥️
i would always support you in whatever content you make poods!
Don't quit you can be the best YouTuber for ever
quick question: why you wearing headphones?
dude who the hell asked u when u were gonna quit youtube like what. wha
You earned it, people look at this job and think it's so easy and that it pays super well (It's not 2012!!) but they have no idea the type of work ethic you need to keep the hungry audience fed on content, the fact that you actually kept a schedule for 10 years is just insane.
Love you
Damn. This PewDiePie dude looks like Felix
When I started watching you you didn't even finish amnesia yet., and to this day i loved that series as well as most of the other games you played. Back then you and other people doing gameplays offered me the opportunity to experience video games when i couldn't even dream of ever owning a single one myself.  I especially liked your videos because i felt you were more selective than others and the games you played often had more compelling stories.  And then you stopped being mainly a gaming channel? I still really loved your content. I of course missed the gameplays but everything you did was good in it's own ways. the controversial period? it was intense and involved. Reaction videos? very chill but fun. Minecraft? Minecraft fucking rocks!   You changed a lot the past years but the fact that i love your content never changed, and I think you gave all of us amazing memories to think back on
I grew up with your channel mate, Thanks to you it was easier to get through highschool back then. Do the things you want to do on your own pace, we'll always be here looking forward to your vlogs and new experiences :D
You do you bro We'll still support you
but actually i kinda loved meme review, it's okay if you wanted to move on from it. keep doing your stuff poods!
Just do whatever you want to do man, we're here enjoying your content as always. Have fun Pewds.
👊
money.. just say it
Don't forget to wear sunscreen!
Boring
Be a car guy that filming JDM cars pewds!!! Try to vlog daikoku PA!!! Then start drifting!!
I'm going to be here if you stay and continue to love your content, but if you decide to quit I'm going to be very happy for you. Whatever you chose I'm going to be happy for you ☺️🤗
Will you be playing more Minecraft?
That sounds like a good plan to me, Poods. We love the content because you’re the one making it!
so basically retired'nt?
nice one piece sticker
much respect. been watching since I was eight, and now I'm a legal adult. Crazy.
I almost thought he was watching too much one piece that he forgot to upload
Just quit Pewd you old now and your Chanel is dead
What a fuckin legend you are Somethings never change..
Always and forever supporting u Pewds👊
Why should you quit? When you have fun and people like it, why not?! Maybe views went down(and goes down) but retirement is like this. DO WHATEVER YOU WANT TO DO BUT YOU COULDN'T BECAUSE YOUR JOB WAS IN THE WAY.
Started for fun, made a living out of it, nothing else to gain, still uploading cause you love making and sharing videos. Wish the best for u, been watching for years, not going anywhere.
What are you listening to papa pewds 🌝
The wholesomeness he now brings is insane, im just happy pewds is happy ngl
I really like this kid.
Love ya pewds. You’ve been an inspiration and a help to many of us in difficult times. You got our support now and forever ✌️
So much respect for you we love you no matter what
I really like the state of this channel because it has become so much more real than most YouTubers
Man, you deserve this After 12 years of hard work, you deserve leisure and happiness He gave us 12 amazing years, we should give him support on his decision and leisure in exchange  Felix, have a good experience in Japan, I'm sure you and Marzia will be surprised of the wonders of that country. We will be always here, keep going as you like.
just another 10 years pewds pls
Please don’t quit! Please!
PODCAST. IS HE DOING PODCAST? IF NOT, WHY NOT?
because its been so long its kinda sad if u quit tho. coz at this point u almost like a friend (parasocially lol) its kinda a routine to watch ur videos to "touch base" its just nice and wholesome.  however do whatever makes you happy =)
I feel old now.
I made a channel back in 2006 posted 7 videos of me playing WOW back then. I quit due to lack of time but always wondered what would have happened if I stuck with it.
you didnt quit youtube bcuz u forgot the money u get it from
Never quit gang Ah Ouhhh
Please have kids, we need more of you in the world.
🥲
Man the day pewdiepie quits is going to be so odd and honestly pretty sad considering hes one of my fav youtubers and really holds up youtube with a few others for me.
That’s when Felix starts a podcast lol I’d listen 😂
Thank you for not quitting
You inspired a lot of big YouTubers now
YOU CHAD
Oi, You can't quit, you didn't even came to trash taste yet.....  But Even so, Thank you for Everything, we will always support you and it's been a journey.........
i really love you pewds i really do....i started watching youtube and knew youtube because of you...idk if you will read this comment but all the memories and amazing content that you have created will always be cherished by us....so keep doing what you do...lots of love and brofist
Enjoy Pewds.
On another note, I think you'd like painting miniatures. Might be a nice therapeutic activity for you, Pewds
We love u pewds
The way i see it, you didnt get here by doing what others wanted, you got here by doing what you where interested in.  The second you start doing what 1 guy wants is the second you start doing what another guy doesnt want.  Just do what you want, its always a nice surprise when you drop a random irl/gameplay video none of us where expecting like back when you started playing og horror games or even recently with elddn ring.
I appreciate you, Felix. Thank you!
😎😎😎😎😍❤️
Do what you want to do Felix even if one day you quit you will always be the king of YouTube
I'm happy for you Felix 🙂
Hello
staying until the end brauh
Keep doing how u feel pewds 👍
🙏🥲
Quit now
Stoked to see you getting jacked bro!! Jacked bros fist
You've always been my inspiration in the entertainment/gaming industry, Pewds! Thank you for being there for us even on your harder days!
I legit would be very sad when you finally quit Youtube. You were there all my youth and even if we don't know each other, you made me think of a brother who is in another country, who send news a few times a year.
sick headphones
I miss beastmasyer lol
I remember my friend showing me your videos when you had sub 100k subscribers loved you ever since pewds ❤️
bro fist will never change.
From Bro Army in 2010-2014...by using my old account and now Becoming Nineteen-Year Old gang in 2018-with my new account...  I still support you, Pewds and tbh, as long as you are happy with your decision that either you sta or not, I'm okay with it.  You are my first YouTuber that I ever subscribed and gives me a huge childhood memory and nostalgia.
I'm just happy you are still here.
good for you, you look like at peace when you moved to Japan and I am happy for you .
love u
It never gets older when it comes to brofists, it aged like fine wine
was with you before and will stay by till the end pewds
Don't quit chief , i have cringe meme here
Do what makes you happy!  Just don't delete the channel. Many go back since the start, I come from 2012 -2013 when I got a great understanding of english. Either way, we just want ya to be happy!
I want to thank u for the deep videos but also the silly ones cause a lot of times all the I need in my day was seeing laugh of the stupid things in life. Everything that we made for our channel has meaning for someone somewhere. Thank u. And sorry for my very bad english. Lots of love from brazil!
Dude, you’ve been through hell to get to this mega point of your career, you deserve to live a prosperous and happy life !
Lol, ironically im kinda retired from your content. I just check in every once in a while to see how you're doing. God bless. Also, your economic value is in your celebrity so full retirement is inadvisable at your age.
Those headphones are huge!
I think I speak for all of us when I say that as long as you do whatever makes you happy we're going to be happy. Big love to you ❤️
Am sorry Lori
Do the things that makes you happy pewds. You've done all you can. We will always appreciate you and your channel
He basically said get some bitches
such an inspiration, childhood hero ❤️
You know Pewds, you've grown and changed a lot through the years, but so did we(or at least me). I remember enjoying your previous content and waiting for the daily upload when I was younger. But to be honest, I no longer have the time for daily uploads or for keeping up with drama or memes that, just as you said, become old so quickly. And it's not because my job consumes me or university is too demanding, but because now I have more hobbies, friends and things I want to do outside YouTube. So deep down, I'm very thankful that I can still enjoy my favourite channel in a more relaxed and mindful way. With much love -A fan.
please dont quit upload something once in a while without the youtube grind
Dont worry bro youre good. You are bigger than youtube itself
Is it wired that I recognize his headphones because I watch a lot of dank pods lol
You do you and I do I  👍👍👍👍👍👍
I’ve been watching you since I was 12 in 2010. (It won’t say I’ve been subscribed that long because I have multiple accounts lol) I’ve loved all your content. I’ve liked all the videos you’ve made because I like your personality so it makes any video fun to watch. I just want to say to do what you want and whenever you upload a video I will always be here to watch it because your entertaining and a very nice genuine person :)
In other words you are wiser. 😁
I don’t really watch most of your videos anymore but I’ve stayed subscribed because I’ve always respected your approach to making content. It’s always refreshing to see how you switch up your format and cater to new audiences. It’s also wild to think about how I’ve changed along with you. I started watching your videos when I was just 12 and in middle school unsure what to do with my life… now I’m going on 25 and have my dream job too. It’s hard to wrap my head around how quickly the time has flown by.
This honestly is the best ending
Next pewds video: Pro Surfer
whoever said to him he should quit, where do you live? i just wanna talk
Please Felix, do a LAWYY
No matter how you change Felix, the support from me will be there, always!!!
Do book reviews
thank you for enjoying youtube again, that is all that matters.  brofists make me have emotions now
We love the Japan vlogs
Finish your amnesia let's play plss
Those headphones wtf are thoseeeee😧
I think we are now transitioning to the "twenty-nine-year-old" era. Growing old, being mature, and striving to be better. But still having lots of fun.
pop off homie we down for whatever
It really is lonely at the top. You do you Sir.
<3 <3 <3  first pewds i will say that you are the only youtuber I think that I still follow from way back when I joined the bro army (way back when we had Stephano and god forbid the b word ) and i wont lie ofc i didn't stick alongside in some of your stages throughout time ( almost like a couple that breaks up and then gets back together a lot of times ) as long as you do you as they then all is good  luv yo face. 👊
Hey man, keep doing what you love and benefit you, it would be extremely sad for me if you'd quit but I absolutely respect your decision
Whatever you'll thought on doing from now, whether quitting or staying. We will always support you. You've been with us for many years through dark and heavy times and u helped us especially me became the best person it can be. You will always be our role model and we will always support u.
Beastmaster 64 will be back comfirm.
enjoy your life, felix. we won’t hold it against you. i’m proud of you!
I’ve been with you through my highschool years and scare pewds back in 2008 my point is brother you are awesome do you and no matter what I support you also hmmm 👊
miss the bro fist
What a great attitude to have, we love you Pewds, no matter what path you take we’ll be here for you! :)
I appreciate who you are, Felix. Do what you want to do
I wouldnt mind one video a year just to know  that Marzia and the dogs are okay :) we love you pewds
W
PLEASE DO ANOTHER WORKOUT VIDEOOOOOOOO
You go GlenCoco
Have fun surfing. You're not that far from Bali and Hawaii, you should check it out
Felix, personally I've been watching you for a few years now, but before that "I hated your mainstream personality" 😂 - it changed when you started doing some chilled stuff after one of the dramas. When I listened to you in between your "internet persona" I realized you're a really kind and reasonable person. Today's video made me realise that even though we do different jobs, we want the same thing - the freedom of doing what is fun. Do what you gotta do my man!  Fellow 30YO
The Brofist will always warm my heart
I am ur viever from 2013. Man right now I am 23 , I grow with ur vid. And I want just say thank you, like a lot of ppl like me. Everyone will be happy here , if u will continue, but if will come time to stop, we will understand
man that brofist hit hard, felt like home
I enjoy popping up on your channel sometimes either for old vids for nostalgia or new vids to see if you did something new. Enjoy your life Pewdz, you deserve it.
I understand his feelings about uploading content that is seemingly meaningless like memes or drama. That's why I think he should almost completely shift gears towards videos like the book reviews or philosophy discussions, which has the potential to create a meaningful discussion. While also doing the Japan vlogs which documents a meaningful experience of the culture. He's in a unique position where he could basically make videos on anything he wants whenever he wants with little consequence. It's all up to how far he wants to take it, could be an interesting new chapter in his legacy.
This was wholesome:)
Dude make videos about your cureent interests and the things u enjoy.
Ik this is a serious video but he's headphones look like tambourines
Felix essentially follows YouTube's old slogan "Broadcast yourself" but with an emphasis on the "yourself" part and less so on the "broadcast", which you really don't see that often anymore
It's called a hobby!!
Been a good and long ride 👊🏽
You do whatever the hell you want Felix. I'm here for the ride, and the more fun you have, the more fun it is to watch. Getting to be a fly on the wall of you and Marzia's Japan adventures via vlogs really puts a smile on my face every time. You couldn't let me down even if you tried, because if you did retire and never made another Youtube video again, as long as it made you happy I'd be happy for ya. Brofist <3
Do what u like. We love u
as your content changes, i feel like its been in sync with my interests as well. i enjoyed the gaming videos when i was younger but now these laidback chill vlogs are just my cup of tea. just honestly happy with the content you put out & i appreciate these vlogs man. your decision making & perspective on life inspires a lot of people, me included
This seems like a good topic for powerwash pals...
I'm excited for more non-japan videos once that's what you want to do! Thanks for staying with us!
Honestly you doing youtube for fun is the best thing that has ever happened to this channel both when you started and now!
Just enjoy yourself
Based
Them some gorgeous Sennheiser  cans
I'm glad I grew up watching you
Untill i get a brofist, it doesn't matter what genre of pewdiepie it is,
Very happy you haven’t just quit because everyone is telling you to. Do what you feel like is best for you and your true fans will support you no matter what happens ❤️
We love you Felix ! just do whatever you want to make urself even more happier
You dont quit because you never Lose
Freakin 12 yrs. man, Pewds your vids  got me through high school. Met new people becuz of this guy.
its weird how time exists
as an offtopic comment, those headphones looks nice on you
Just be happy with the present life you currently have now, You have been through a lot and you deserve the time you need to enjoy what you want in you life. All of us are here, the community, the fans, We are all here for you. Love from Australia 😍
Gg
This whole journey has been a blast - I'm glad you're enjoying your new life as well as youtube again! Keep on keeping on :) we'll be here to enjoy it with you!
Just dropping in here to say - be it game content, vlog content, or travel content, still loving every video that you post out, so thank you for continuing to do so! Can't wait to see more future-you videos
currently crying
Do YouTube for fun, we’re just along for the ride
More Minecraft
👊👊👊👊 eyyy
title and thumbnail ✋🫤made me think of myself tweakin and explaining to my therapist
I've been watching you since years ago and literally growing up with you, so i kinda felt the changes in me too and it makes me feels close to you. Just keep doing whatever you like 👌
I love this man
I wish I can reach a peak as high as yours one day pewdiepie
I work in mental health... I really hope that if and when you do "quit" that we can still interact with you or at least get a video now and then because psychologically you've become a staple in so many peoples lives. It is a REAL thing... one of the "bros" is a very real psychological thing, almost like interacting with a best friend or something. It's an odd thing for entertainers and streamers, ect.. but there are a lot of people that truly care and a great community.. you should be able to do it all without that pressure of "having to please".. I think at this point most people would just love updates and hellos! Wishing you both all the best, always!
What's great about Pewds is that he is very connected to his viewers to voice out his content. I'd say keep doing you bro, I think no matter what you do, being able to share your experience/passion is the true objective of YouTube. Not following trends that gets people views but the You in YouTube.
Pewds isnt going anywhere. The guy has a Youtube empire to run.
Pls Don't quit Felix. All of us are supporting you till Forever
love you
Goddamn something is feeling really disconnected about this, but it could just be that I’m high. But what a journey we’ve been on
Felix as long as you are happy, we are gonna stick together ❤️
I’ve been all in with what ever you do since the start, I think the majority of us like watching you be happy and doing your own thing, I’m here for it
Can you please by me mincraft account
I Literally learned english to enjoy your content few years ago and i'm so glad you didn't quit and still here,  see you grow :) amazing Felix do Whatever you want !
W video 🤙🏽
Hey, it's really great for you to look back from your roots. Always been a fan. You might change on how you do youtube but the memories from all those years is precious. Now i wanna binge watch all old videos of yours.
It  would be amazing to see Pewdiepie help uplift other channels like mine lol 😆
Bro finished the game and is just doing post game content. Im happy he even still uploads.
Time for you to go into your joe rogan phase and turn into an interview vodcast and talk with people you like talking to.
The legend never dies. Youtube isn't "you"tube anymore. It's a corporate propaganda machine. Pewdiepie is a relic from another age... one man with one camera filming whatever he feels like. When that Indian corporation overtook his subscriber count it was a symbolic battle of what youtube was turning into.
You & Marzia seem so at peace in Japan, its really great to see.  we love you <3
Pewds, its time to push redpill.
If you ever decided to quit someday, I just wanted to say thankyou for making me feel better whenever I'm feeling down.
Completely understandable to do it for fun instead of the drive of expectations. Also been loving the Japan vlogs but also some random content of what ever is good too.
NGL, I don't watch every video of yours, but I enjoy all of the ones I watch. It genuinely brings me joy and happyness, not just because I have a little haha once in a while, but also seeing that you're doing good, that Marzia is doing great, that you seem to accomplish what you set out to do and that makes me happy for you and for myself. Also I do miss Jenna Marbles. She had also such a positive vibe and influence on the plattform and her not being here is noticable. You leaving would leave a giant hole as well. I don't mind you changing up your content, as long as it makes you happy, I'll be here having a good time with you and because of what you do. So as long as you keep doing videos, I'll be enjoying myself thanks to you and If you finally decide to leave, we'll all be missing you.
💕👍
GoAt
I'll always be a fan, and will watch any vid you put out and so will many out there. Enjoy Japan, and keep making gains because I see them arms bro. 💪🏻💪🏻
Gotta love this man, can't believe I've been following him for around 11 years at this point, this channel feels like home.
Please don’t quit YouTube, I am expected to live another 60 years and you are expected to live another 40, so why quit now? You are amazing even sharing your new memories and experiences today as your “new self” and as long as it’s benefitting you in the process, I promise it’s helping us as well, your fans and especially the ones who grew up watching you in their childhood, like myself. Stay true to you and who you want to be and have fun with it because that’s what you taught *me* ❤️
Ngl, this is the kind of you I want to see going forward.
I'm proud to see you doing things for YOU! thats all I want 🥺
As a fan I’d say pewdiepie you work hard man.  Shouldn’t be stressing hard on your work when as fans we enjoy what you do man, but as a creator I understand on your discussion about your stress
before you quit, can you at least finish Life is Strange series ?
2:58 "boing"
IT'S  alright pewds. I still rewatch your old minecraft playlists
Im happy to see youre just enjoying life in Japan dude! Keep it up life is great!
dude. dedication at your magnitude couldn't ever be simulated, you genuinely love making videos, and it always has shown.   even if you cringe at your old videos, you cant fake what you've done. all your ups and downs, you were always being Felix.  you quit the hustle, and that's a very respectable decision. you built your keep, enjoy it.
Having a purpose is the key to happiness.
Back in 2016 when I started watching this channel I was in College. And now I'm doing a 9-5 job. All these years I'm very grateful to Pewds for all those memories and misadventures, it almost feels like I was a part of it. And like him , I also have grown up, have to focus up on the career and keep moving. It's great to watch the once in a while uploads. Brofist 👊
Enjoy life, Felix, and thank you for everything. I look forward to whenever you’ll upload a video just sharing who you are, and I’ll try and take forward your life story and reflect upon and change my own, just like I did 5 years ago with your videos 👊
Ive been loving the vlogs so much, and the new content just feels so much better ❤️
Yo btw could you turn on the comments in your past videos? I like seeing the comments back when you had a theme where you say “p-p-penis! PAM PAM~~”. If you don’t want to tho its understandable. I just like seeing people comment on nostalgic things
I just recently watched ur outlast and amnesia old videos. Its just so iconic, keep doing what u do pewds much love ❤️
Felix thank you for being with us all these years. You helped a lot of people with your vids. I'm glad that you are living life how you want it!
Do what you love Felix 🥰
pewd make songs plsssssssssss
Honestly, I don't like the vlogs. I'll be here when you do camera stuff like this though.
Pewds is like Rossi is to motoGP
Just have fun man. That’s it. No pressure. Maybe upload some podcasts with you and friends. Keep it fun and fresh.  Actually what happened to the whisky reviews? Those were awesome!
Help me with some money bro Im losing my house Please
If anyone deserves what you have it's you Pewds. I'm so happy for you and Marzia.
I am proud of you felix to me as a muslim my goal is to be good and not to think about money or these materials.......my life is for living comfortable,avoid bad things that harm me and to be continusly avoiding the bad deeds.....thanks for the vlogs as well ♥️❤️🌍
brro idc what you upload or how old you are i will be here to watch it lol
Anyone knows what headphones he's using?
It's so hard to do something for so long and still enjoying! Don't let anything take this from you!
Unrelated but I really dig that desk lamp lol
A King will always be a King. Even when they've passed on their crown.  Will always have a 👊for King of the Bros.   Do you, Pewds. Be happy, upload whenever. Go to Mars. Whatever. 🤷
Started watching around the slender man times, happy for all you've accomplished and how you've grown as a person. Happy for you and marzia. Hope you don't have any skeletons in your closet like it seems every celebrity has at this point.
i am so glad to see you grow so much and you are, as so many others have commented, such an inspiration. but what i would like to add is just how fucking grateful i am that youre not quitting. its awesome that so many of your fans say they dont mind if you do quit as long as youre happy, and i wish i could say the same, but i absolutely would mind. youre a huge part of my teenage years and while you deserve to do whatever is right for you, i do want to stress that personally, it means so so much to me that you dont quit because such a big part of my life would be gone with you. i feel as though we grew together; nowadays if you were doing what you did in 2012 i wouldnt care to watch your videos, and back then i wouldnt have watched what you do now, but somehow you really did develop and go through a sort of evolution i havent seen in any other creator. so for me personally, selfishly, i hope you never fucking quit because that would really, really suck massive ass
as long as u do what makes u happy and upload genuine vids (just like u have been lately) im sure the people are gonna enjoy it
quit, who cares
To the point that the past videos (meme review /poppy Gloria news),  yes they were shallow and outdated in a few weeks, yet they were fun, and that what was enjoyable about them, they were full of satire and  comedy. Not everything has to be deep.  It was fun while it lasted.
I feel like YouTubers peak when they reach 11-18M subscribers and get 3-7M views every video, any more than that doesn't make a difference.
Ah yes, scare pewdiepie 2 is coming
I will literally cry when he quits 😢
Sticking with you because I honestly do enjoy every video. I'm glad you're doing it for fun again without the burden or pressure of statistics driving your videos.. now it just feels more like "you" and I'm down for it.
Honestly man I think after everything that you have earned and all that you've done for us fans I think it would be beautiful to just see you do whatever you want with your videos now that you're where you are. Just do what you e joy for as long as you enjoy it. Got love for you bro. No more worrying about us and what we want or worrying about the algorithm. It sounds great really. Happy for you Felix, you deserve every bit of all that you have earned for yourself, good job man.
Felix, you may never see this but you truly got me through some of my darkest times growing up, you do whatever the hell you feel like doing bro, you’ve changed so many of our lives without even trying.
Really needed this 😢
Have children The best thing in the world you will never regret it
Get everyone to unsubscribe. Now that would be impressive
Damn it's crazy how this man changed so much through out the year been watching felix since when I was still a kid basically grew up with his journey through out youtube but damn am I so lucky to be able to see how far this man went from being a guy who makes a lot of funny and silly bits to this I truly am lucky to be able to be part of this fanbase for so long
I'm really glad that Pewds is really enjoying and happy with his life. He deserves it. ❤️
When you avoid drama by not uploading any new content: SMORT
:)
Even tho his retired his still the king of youtube and hero of minecraft :D
Just let BeastMaster64 take over already
Awesome
Always wanted to see a Pewds video on Andrew tate
im the 5129 comment
Hello pie die pie sir
Sorry to break it to ya pewds, entertainment PRIMARILY is a distraction
Its your choice if you want to quit, but as a fan since 2012, I’ll really miss seeing your content each day. You really had a great impact on my life, whether it was a bad day or good day, you’d always make my day better. Im 23 now and a final year med student, life will go on. Thank you felix for everything :)
I can’t fathom the day when Pewds finally stops uploading. Yet, I would understand his decision not to. As someone who grew up watching you, Pewds I will always support your decision.
Quit after mr beast passes you.
One thing Pewds to be proud that his fanbase grew up ok and matured with him. Japan Arc is doing great I won't be surprise that you will be ask to help in tourism ads in Japan.
👊❣️
You've given me and millions of kids all over the globe a great childhood Felix, you've trully earned any life you wanna live
For real - YOLO. Is that a thing anymore? YOLO... actually. Enjoy life Felix. You're loved and respected for who you are, all your weird included haha. The legend of edgy Pewds will live on forever in our memories!
Learn from His life lessons. He has seen it all! Been there, done that. Felix is a man of substance we can all learn from him.
I fuckin love this guy.
When you quit one day can you give us like a 3 week heads up bc I’m gonna have to take off of work
Been here for the past...10 yaers, maybe? I'm glad, no matter what, that you are and will be there, somewhere, you're like the best old friend you know is doing good and you're just happy with it
I enjoy watching your videos still, chill time.
what are those headphones
Your videos nowdays are heart warming, I grew up seeing your videos, so see u happy make me happy too, thanks for all and keep doing it :)
You are the shit pewds. You will always be atleast for me.
Just take your time and do what you think is right . You deserve it , true fans will always be here to support you :D
Please don’t quit youtube, do gameplay series like you use to, i miss those days
Pewds do whatever you want man! you've more than earned the right to. You have given all of us an amazing journey and i can say this for all of us who have stuck with you from the begining through the good and the craziness, We want you to enjoy your life in japan doing what makes you happy
Plz don't quit your a good example of what a YouTuber should be your being yourself and of course your nostalgia as well I remember watching slender videos after school I still remember watching one of your old happy wheels videos and thinking who the fuck is this guy lol
the more you involve us in what you really love, the more i anticipate your content! <3 i love your content.
E
Calling Youtube videos hard work is an insult to people who actually work. Shut up.
❤❤❤❤💙💪
My best investment in youtube as a subscriber has been you Felix. You introduced me to youtube. Thank you for you <3
People may say your not relevant anymore but you're living your best life and doing what you love, keep it up papa Pewds we love you
Honestly such a bittersweet moment. I haven't watched his videos in a long time but I always enjoyed the person he was. Pewds, sweetie, some people will never be satisfied. And I'm really glad that you've grown into someone who can say they want to do different things and realize that sometimes it doesn't make everyone happy, but it makes you happy. You do you, the real bro army will always support you❣️
thanks for the life update and taking us with you on that journey. been here for 10 years now and so thankful to be part of all this.
Why can i see Ludwig doing a video about this😂
man the thing is, we actually want the old pewd that's what we4ve been asking for a long time and finally guys it is here the pewd who has fun making vids, I hope this is the last depression-ish vid we'll be seeing and see you next time *plays outro*
Play Star Citizen!!!
Bro i used to love your random uploads from a few years back. Meme review or roasts etc that was vintage. Loved your 2015-2016 crazy antics on the streets of Brighton as well.
What about book review? 😅
Do your fame! Do your fame!
all of us are growing.
Dude, Ive watch you since amnesia. Not always and not all of your videos, but I feel like what makes you a great youtuber is that you are having a good time as much as we are. So you do you, enjoy life and keep being the wonderful person you are. Thank you so much for all the laughs and good memories. Stay awesome bro
LMAO NOT PEOPLE TELLING YOU TO QUIT 💀
Felix, your channel your creative drive you get to decide when it stops personally I have loved watching your videos since I started watching in 2011
Been watching you since 2012. You've changed a lot of lives for the better, whether you realize it or not. Thanks for being an awesome guy. Wishing you the best.
I love the Japan videos
Just admit that you can't quit YouTube as it's your bread and butter 🤷🏽‍♂️
Lets get a surf vlogerino!
Love your content no matter what you upload 🫶🏻
Play The walkind dead season 1 and then do whatever you want .
Make more food review
Felix wearing those wooden headphones made me laugh so hard
Bro, Imagine if you just came full circle and started uploading MW2 gameplay videos and streaming COD. That would be epic. Happy for you, thank you for the inspiration.
all i wanna say i am not into youtubers or streamers whatever but i grew up watching you/we grew up together and im happy for that. i hope the best for you pewds
Never pewds never ever again consider quiting yt Jag älskar dig ❤️
Sub count has gone down a couple Milly though. That's ok anyway. Enjoy retirement, and starting the next part of your life.
Mature pewds is good I like 👍🏽
The one question I have is how do you sustain life without the income from making videos
Moneyyyy
Most YouTubers get comments relating to their work. "I like your videos, you have good editing, that was a really cool project," and those do have meaning, but as I've watched you over the years I've seen you change from format to to format and no matter how the videos changed you remained a constant in them. And I know that words on the internet mean nothing and that you probably won't see this anyway, but you have my respect. Not just as a content creator but as a person, so I commend you.
Ambition is a lie they teach you, to keep working hard for the machine. Look for crumbs of happiness instead.
Barrels
King
The end og the meme god
I love how pewdiepie sees shorts as a distraction. That’s what they are.
FELIX:- WHY I DIDNT QUIT  ME:- *JAPAN IS EXPENSIVE*
No matter what you decide to do we will always support you we will understand and even we are all thankful for what you have done for our childhoods
Abroadinjapan could help you a lot with finding fun and crazy stuff to do in Japan
The Japan videos are good! I have to admit I have difficulty watching them because I'm so damn jealous that I can't get in yet. But it seems like the border can open any minute, then I can finally get in! I'm sure that you cultivated a whole new generation of japanphiles with your videos too, and that's not a bad thing hehe.
thank you for everything. been here for 10 years and will be here till the very end
Bro you can't let people's expectations guide your moves. The best part of this channel has been watching you connect with the viewers, having fun with what your filming, and making people laugh along the way. Forget the numbers and the haters. The best times everyone (You, Marzia, and the viewers) had with this channel have been from experiencing games, memes, and more with you as the host/tour guide to the internet. You may not want to do it as much anymore, and honestly you don't really have to...but a lot of people are still here for the right reasons. No reason to be torn about it. If you enjoy it, do it the way you want to do it. Not the way you think people want you to do it. Don't let anyone make you forget your passion for doing something.  Sorry for the pep talk bro but I'd hate to see you give up what you worked hard for 👍
Thank you PewDiePie for all the amazing videos, what ever you decide to do we will be happy for you
Although I don’t rush to click on Felix’s vids like a time before I still watch his content and follow him. I think some people are just butt hurt that his channel says “111 M” and theirs not. For me, he’s still the king, the most successful individual content creator that YouTube has ever conceived. Screw the haters. Why should he quit? It’s his channel. He can do whatever he wants.
Please never leaveeeee I love u so much. U inspire me sooo much. U are like a father to me
<3 following you till the end
all you gotta post is vlogs in my opinion its good to see a youtuber living there life outside of youtube
Really hoping you achieved everything you wanted! If that is so, I'm sure everyone here is happy for you as well :)
Couldn’t imagine this platform without you Felix, I appreciate u always being there.
Every time a Swedish costumer comes to the restaurant I work and we talk , I am like : I watch pewds so I know what fita is 😂
YouTube is just your hobby now. It’s not your job, and that’s great! You do you Felix ❤️
YAYYYY IM HAPPY HE'S NOT RETIRING. DO YOU! ❤️
thats awesome, im really happy for you my friend
We love you pewds no matter what you do you were my childhood i had great memories watching you and i will watch you still no matter what you're the best youtuber ever thank you for existing pewds C:
hey Felix, i know people dont talk about this much, but the new audio setup is far better than the last
I am quite sure that most people here will support you as long as you do something that makes you happy. Even if that means we see less of you. IMO your current uploads are amazing and fun!
Ahhh, you're really growing up and turning into a real man.  So cute!
the 2017 irl videos were so fucking funny.. the buying a shit car and blasting KSI through the city was SOOOOO good
I read that wrong the first time ngl you had me for a second there
Bro fist👊
I just want to say thanks to Felix for just being around as long as he has, he’s just an awesome dude, from me being a kid watching him play amnesia, to watching him play with Cry and Ken, watching his I have a girlfriend video ab Marzia all the way to his Minecraft world to now, he’s living his dream life and I’m 21. Watching him for so long just makes me happy ab it all, and seeing the Brofist again just had me all tested up. Feels great to reminisce the past and see the present.
my greetings to beastmaster64, I hope he caught that gyarados
Dont quit Felix san..
Remember that memory of the bridge?
In my mind you quit a while ago but just update everyone on your life when you feel like it
What is that headphone
🤜 I'll brofist you anytime, anywhere bro but seriously it's been a journey.
Your content matters mate, it has helped me in dark times and continues to do so.  Thank you pewds 🙏
Incomparably better than mr beast pretending to be a good guy just so he can become more rich and famous himself. Mr beast is basically a corporation. Pewdiepie is a man of the people. Sounds corny, but it's true.
REMEMBER FUKUSHIMA! The worlds LAST E.L.E.
Don't worry Pewds we didn't stick around because of the content, we always knew it would change. We stuck around because of you, so what ever you decide to do we will be here supporting you!
Felix is so glad he starting playing minecraft
I enjoy watching your videos. Just share everything you want to share.👊
please don't quit youtube, you can upload whatever you want even the simplest thing you wanna share, don't have fancy setup or anything. i'm not your veteran or old viewer, i know your name when i was much younger but never watched you, so, i am your new viewer since this year despite you have been on youtube for more than 10 years. for most of people watching you is like regular day or nostalgia, but for me watcing your YT video is new experience
You could do video's about how you're learning Japan and take tests etc. Not as a theme but more like, keeping us posted.
Super mature outlook. Glad you’re not getting caught up in the numbers game like so many others, especially related to making money.
Pewds starting to have a twenty-nine year old army now because of his maturity.
Glad you retired this way, calming down and making videos you like is really the best
im looking forward to the future, its like when artists stop making music for the crowd, and just starts writing and releasing that they like, and they would rather have few people relate to their music, than satisfy the whole world <3 i love you, Felix. take care :)
Great video felix 🙌🏼
Bye dude
This is so inspiring and felix is looking so healthy happy and glowy
Pewds has genuinely become someone I can look up to. I don't even necessarily want to do YouTube, but I genuinely have so much respect for him. He isn't hopping on all the trends, he's sharing his thoughts with us, almost journalling. I think he's become a better person because of it. I appreciate his honesty, and really enjoy his calm and thought-provoking content when im in a good mood. Thanks, Felix. Seeing you come so far really inspires me.
Actually for the past five-ish years that I've been subscribed to u I never enjoyed your content more than now...ur fun is our fun too poods...keep doing what you love
We all know papa. U don't need to explain this
goat
I’m 23 now but I remember the first time I encountered his channel.  I actually used to brofist my laptop screen.  I haven’t been an avid viewer for years, but I still consider Felix a dear internet friend.  It’s a melancholy feeling to see ur idols move on with their lives, but such is life.  Of the dozens of comments I leave on YouTube, I hope u see this one Pewds.  Love from Hawaii.  Barrel gang for life cuh ❤️
Whats headphone you’re wearing felix?
I like that Pewds is still uploading and growing, enjoying Japan, always keen for more pewds minecraft but Japan videos are great - meme review and poppy Gloria were fun in the moment but much rather pewds have fun rather than try stick to a formula
Honestly I feel like a majority of the people are truly just excited and happy that you’re enjoying life the way u want to, has the dream girl, in Japan, just having fun. Really positive and motivating, definitely  rather have 1 video here and there where he actually has energy than daily vids of him drained and getting into bs drama.
Pewds, you do you, I will always come back and visit your channel. Even if you’ll quit and leave the channel there, I’ll still rewatch your recent and older videos. Bro fist 👊🧡
Pewds were always here for you always remember that we grow with you and we love you do what ever u want dude as long as you like it♥♥♥♥♥
play silent hill 2 plez  jk, how bout start a nuclear family in a non-nuclear world that will eventually go nuclear.
he deserves it
I haven't even watched the video yet but i just wanna say that " I'm happy you didn't quit Felix" and I'm happy that you're living a happy life the way you wanted. I'm 20 now I've always wanted to go to Japan and settle there. Watching you doing that makes me feel joyful. I hope one day i can do that too.
honestly pewds, I grew up with you. I dont want you to ever quit but I care about you so much that I am willing to let go of my childhood idol. Do what makes you feel good pews and I'm always supporting that I hope you are having a great day. Started watching you as a dumb mid school kid and now I am an aviation engineer and still enjoy watching ya <3 big love pewds
Komentarz
Much love 😻
I don't have words to describe this feeling that I have about felix and all the comunity that we created
Nice headphones
Starting watching your channel in 2012, and I really feel like we all grew up with you! I love that you're uploading whatever you want but you never changed your style nor personality (despite the society we be livin in..) and honestly are the same person we know and love. Not many youtubers do that.  Glad you never quit and hope you, Marzia, Edgar, & Maya(Jabba the hutt <3_<3) have the most beautiful life in Japon<3
meme review was awesome. ur actually documenting internet culture. there is value in that for future generations to look at.
Love ya man, you made my childhood great
ordered tsuki melted collection and love it. summer sale was killer. Hope to get more next year
I love you felix and will love you forever no matter you upload or not and i love marzia too enjoy ur life in japan😽love from🇲🇲
Pewds is really the Saitama of YouTube lol, started for fun, got too strong and became bored lol
wth I love you pewds 😤🫶🏽
👍
I called you retirement pewds in your first japan video. It really feels like it, your chilled out, enjoying life and just bringing us for the ride and it's fun. Do what your doing and we will enjoy whatever you throw at us 🤌
more book stuff? i need to read
We all wanted to start YouTube for money
I first came to you because of your gaming content. And although I do prefer them, I'm still here no matter what because of the person, not just the content. You're good at what you do, and you go to all lengths to satisfy people but there's simply too many of us. Just enjoy what you do from here, don't let us dictate what you do. All the support, Felix!
the Japan vlogs are one of my favorite things to watch right now <3
Grow .. evolve .. contribute .. nurture
Been here since the beginning, glad to see you happy and I hope you’re always happy from here on. Crazy how we came from amnesia/Minecraft to here. Love you man.
I’ve been listening to PewDiePie ever since he released his Slenderman videos and for about six years straight I never missed an upload I watched every single one of his videos out of almost an OCD level of wanting to be able to stay current with his channel and caught up. But when I realized this was done as an impulse instead of me actually enjoying every single one of his videos it help me get out of my OCD ways and realize that it’s OK for me to just want to watch videos that I’m interested in and not watch the ones I wouldn’t be interested in. So I understand what he’s saying very well when he wants to make videos he wants to make not just make videos for the sake of making videos it’s fun to think that over the 13 years of him making videos that we both grew up
Hey Pewds, I think we all want you to do whatever makes you happy. Whatever direction you wanna go with this channel, I will be happy to support you =)
You do you, boo boo... Do what ever makes you happy... That's what matters now...😁
even if u just upload videos of u farting and rating the smell on how close it is to what u ate that day, I SHALL STILL WATCH.  just upload whatever bro. gl hf.
Been watching since 2012, you are an inspiration!
Book review was great. Need more of that
Everything you did so far I loved it and I think you brought so much to the world (of internet at least) that whatever you decide to do next I'm pretty sure it's gonna be great
I've been fond of the content you upload about Japan. If it's the way you want your channel to be, I'm 100% for it!
pewds you made my childhood, you really did and the day you quit YouTube I will literally cry. I've been a fan since the old CoD Black Ops days and amnesia  but I will understand and respect your decision . if that's what you wanna do then I get it. as long as you, Marzia, Maya and Edgar are happy BROFIST!!!
We will always be around Pewds! You created this life for yourself, now enjoy it! 💜
i'm glad you still here. you alway made my day feel less lonely.
2:49 "Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of a cancer cell"
I can't believe I've been watching your videos for over a decade. It just never got old.
suffering from success - dj khaled
my man put his heart into this
funky ahh headphones
Hey Bro! wherever, whenever or whatever you are or whatever you do, will Always Support and Love You Man, enjoy every moment Bro! you deserve it, you and Mertz deserve all of it..Brofist Forever Pewds! 😁❤️
If felix quits mark and sean will suddenly become fathers of 111m 9 year olds
Honestly, I feel the same way about shorts/ tiktok, it's more of a distraction. When it comes to long Videos it's so much more you can pack into it. The fact that we have psychologists breaking down complicated concepts of psychology to spread information, or that I can watch how someone builds an instrument from start to finish is so amazing. And while I do feel entertained by a lot of distraction videos I also consume educational videos and feel we should subject ourselves to a good balance of those topics. Entertainment and education can also intertwine (I think travel channels that educate about culture and countries or DIY channels like the Sorrygirls or the classical music channel TwoSetviolin are good examples of that). I did really enjoy Pewds Videos about Buddhism/ Taoism or Vlog content. I would enjoy watching Pewds learn and educate us about Japanese culture etc.
At one point we all saw Poppy Gloria for the last time and didn't even know it.
Whatever happens , or what your plan is either its retiring or staying. I'm here going to support you
Keep doing what u enjoy and what makes u happy we all love seeing u smile.
You made my childhood! I was 11 or 12 back then watching your Amnesia videos, and now i'm 19, and im still here. Thank you for everything. Hello from Ukraine!
Start playing games again! >:v
My English no good.. Sorry ..
Bro u could genuinely just make videos of u carving wood and id be happy knowing ur just vibing and settling down. Knowing ur enjoying urself is what i appreciate its like watching really old dudes making “amatuer” YT vids is sweet and genuine.
those vids don't seem lame to me
Enough with what you want Felix! Do you know what we want? More skyblock with Ken :D
Grew up watching your content, I appreciate the growth and change you’ve gone through over the years and how it’s impacted the content you make, just glad you’re happy and enjoying YouTube again🙏 Love the Japan vlogs btw
its ok pewds you coukd never let me down
Long time sub and fan. If you don't wanna do something, it doesn't matter how many people will be disappointed. I think you should enjoy life and stay happy, like I have always thought. I think your content is very cozy and personally, I enjoy watching becuase you clearly enjoy what you are doing, that makes me happy as well. Do you, stay true to yourself and don't worry about what might disappoint some people♡
He obviously needs money he will never quit
Hey pewds I just wanna say my brother and I are big fans of yours even tho my lil bro is gone u gave us memorable moments I will always cherish. My brother was 7 he had Asperger’s and the way we would connect more were  be through games or YouTube. Even tho 7 years has passed from losing him. When I watch ur vids it reminds me of him how excited we were by watching ur horror games. Thanks pewds 🥺❤️ @pewdiepie
Plz play Minecraft!!
I just wanted to say, thank you Felix. We love you mate! 👊
Play tf2
keep going felix , been with you since amnesia series and i'll continue to do so . i solemnly swear that I'll still be at comments of your last video if it ever came to be :))) lots of love bro
God dame I literally grew up watching this channel, what a journey
Just do whatever you want Pewds, I don't mind anything you post. You are like a comfort zone to me. At least you are always here.
im very proud of the progress throughout the 10 years of being a avid watcher , me along with the millions will forever honor you for your dedication and the drive you have for the channel , people change and so do interests , express them in the videos ! can't wait to see what the future brings , all props to you.
just happy for you Felix, whatever you decide to do or upload I'll tune in. Enjoy Japan and your life♥️
Felix My man. Do what ever makes your heart content! We are always here for you, no matter your choice. Also LOVE the fact your rocking the LCD2/3's. AWESOME stuff!
inb4 pewds starts uploading documentaries on a platform like nebula
God seeing the old video clips of you truely made me feel so giddy. Yesterday I went to a 7-11 and got your g-fuel for the first time since I saw It in stores and that + this really put in perspective how far you’ve truely come Felix, and I’m so proud of you. Us bros that have been here since the beginning and we love and support you ❤️❤️❤️
U should try cult of lamb and call it cult of water sheep hehe but its ok what you do ill always be there for you may bro heheh
I really love this mature Felix and how your channel is now. My kids were the ones who started watching from the start so I just kinda watched along then kept watching as they stopped. Your channel evolved and grew up with you. You do you and keep doing what makes you happy. Live the good life and congrats on doing life your way!
Most fans have no demands from you. The 9 year olds have grown, as you have.
An absolute GigaCHAD. Pewds is still great to see from his latest content!
🙏
Take your time dude, we're all here happy that you're happy. A lot of us also grew up as the channel grew up. It's ok, people change and so does the content. And the vast majority of us are happy that it does. People evolve.
The bro army will always support you pewds since the beginning
Good morning brother.. this video is very Nice.. you look fresh..
Dont quit YouTube!!! Yamete kudasai😭😭😭
Pewds I’m happy you are still here because I have just now started watching you and I really appreciate the content
Live your life in the present, Felix. Do what you want to do. You've fought so hard. Take a good rest.
Keep doing you Felix I still enjoy your content
I was very isolated and neglected throughout my teens, even turned to crime and substance abuse. But your videos filled a big part of my heart that was missing and they was really all I had. Still remember how excited I was when you reached your first million. You carried my high school years, and made it easier to go home instead of staying out around bad influences after school. Also helped me grow closer with my brother who was also a Bro, we truly wouldn't have nearly as many magical memories in our teens if it wasn't for u. So thankyou💙
Rip meme reviews
Brofist💖👊👊
Knew you since 5th Grade. It's still crazy to me how long that is. You definitely made my childhood-teenage years better and now that I am an adult, I aspire to be comfortable in life like you. ❤❤❤
He looks younger with the beard
Can you please play world of tanks again
replay games like telltale the walking dead that would be cool
Congratulations. You have beaten story mode. Sandbox mode unlocked. Go ahead, kick back and relax.
WE NEED MORE BOOK RECOMENDATIONS
Thank you for all the effort you put in these years! We will always support you and Marzia !
Haha we love you Felix 🤩
I watched 4 months without watching a clip of you, did you know my father died 3 months ago and during the whole period I no longer follow clips, I started with you in 2013. I can't believe that today I watched your clip, it eased my sadness very much. Thank you, Felix, you are the best lover from Jordan
noice
hej hej hej Monika
We'll always be here pewds, doesnt matter what you upload. Hope you enjoy japan to the fullest!
lol
The moment when you feel less motivated and tired to upload video. Then it is the time to quit youtube.
I LOVE YOU ❤️
sending a recon dart to figure out who tf asked
Interesting even someone like pewdiepie can fall off lol his channel is dead
pewds you are an icon, we love you
Hi Felix. I've been watching your for more than 11 years. I remember the first channel i follow and watch is you, i laugh at your scary and funny montage infront of my small blackberry. Around 11 years ago, i also lose my dad. I don't think this is just a coincidence, maybe it's fate. I don't have many friends when that things happen, and i don't have father figure. But after years and years of watching you, even tho i matured late, i matured finely, and most of it is because of you. The content you upload throught years and years of hardwork change me, from philoshopy, working out, laughing, not taking any things seriously, being friendly, and humble, all those things stuck inside of me. It's a fate, after losing my father, you became my father figure, my friend, my buddy, my teacher.  I'm now learning at college, learning graphic design, and you know whats funny, a couple years ago, you, felix, upload a video about how to make youtube thumbnail, after that day i keep learning photoshop and art, and now here i am.  I'm happy that you decide to stay here, making video on youtube, doing what you want to do in life, doing what you love, and what other people love. Even if you one day leave, i am ready for it, because you teach me alot about life and it's enough for me. But you staying here, also help me alot, if i ever feels down, i can watch your video and laugh with you.  Thanks Felix.
i miss you pewds 🥺 do what u want, we’ll be at ur back and enjoy the surfing!
Mannn, I’ve been watching pewds for five years now and this video made me realize that I’m really here bcs of Felix—regardless of what type of contents he uploads. I enjoyed everything bcs its him. At this point, I feel like watching his video just feels natural, as if he’s a friend I talk to once every few days. I’m so glad to see him happy and thriving with his life in Japan now. I’m just thankful that he’s still here to share things with us. He can come whenever and put whatever contents he wants and I’ll be here watching.
More vlogs!!!!
Do whatever you want man! Im pretty sure the delay between the vlogs are part of the excitement for when you actually release a video :)
just go
So happy for you, Pewds. It’s nice to hear that you’ll still be doing youtube while having fun in life.
I am glad to see that you are ready to stick to what you like again. Can't wait to see how your new content is going to become
gotta be happy for papapewds c'mon.😂
That brofist at the end of these kinds of videos always makes me smile and gives me a warm feeling in my heart. Felix, seriously, thank you for all the funny moments and interesting stories you've shared with us. Enjoy your life in Japan, you've totally earned it.
im here for it
The memes and the drama videos might be shallow in the long run but I think for daily entertainment your videos were quite special to me. It really wasn't about dramas or memes, Felix. It was about you. I loved your genuine reactions to memes and dramas as if I'm sharing a joke or gossip with a friend. Kinda like the thing you do with Ken. It wasn't about the content but more importantly about the connection between you and your audience.   There's nothing wrong with changing your content as you grow up through the years. No matter what happens to your channel, I wish you all the best for the rest of your life. You're a part of my childhood nostalgia.
Idk why but I was so surprised and hype he did the brofists! We appreciate and will continue to love ya Pewds!
You are not your channel.  You do you, big brother, and we’ll always love you no matter what.
You're the real GOAT dude, keep doing whatever u enjoy the most!
PewDiePie pls ♥️ my coment
Im glad to hear you're not done  I've been enjoy every vid keep doing what you live
Perfect Pewds, sounds like a good plan! Remember your long time viewers are growing with you (although always 9 year olds at heart!) Ignore those stuck in the past. Onwards and upwards! Love the vlogs👊🏼
just come back when you have a baby
because he still needs money from youtube lol
Whatever you do your community got your back
luv u br0
You should start exposing Indian tourist scammers. 😳
Felix you've earned the right to do whatever you want that makes you happy. Go enjoy your life and fill it with whatever you love. We'll be here each time you are ready to share that with us.
I love u bro
Thanks for sharing! N I hope you don’t quit! You inspire a lot of people here on YT just enjoy your life and we will be here!
when will you grow big beard
I feel like Pewds grew with me. I started watching in high school with happy wheels .. now as an adult I live for his vlog content. Love ya dude!
What I tell myself to get through the hardships, doubt, pressure and anxiety, is "If it isn't good enough for them, make sure it's good enough for you." Do whatever you want to Pewds. Have fun.
Remember the Spongebob episode about Squidward going to Tentacle acres feels like living in paradise but he got bored in the end, If you sometimes feels like that? hey, we're still here for you to do some crazy stuff again, age doesn't matter as long as you have fun
You do you, Pewds. I don't think I've ever meant those words quite so much as I do about this. You have to do what's good for you, and that's totally okay. The brofist at the end got me choked up a little lol.
Been a Bro since 2014 and the changes you've made through the years, the amount of entertainment you have provided for us fans, I cannot Thank you enough! You have helped me through all those years and whatever you plan on doing in the future, you have all of our support. Thank You Felix
Do what you feel is right for you Felix. Youve been a part of my life for almost 10 years now. Ive been with you through all the content changes, the cringe, the drama and I dont regret that even a little bit. Im glad youre feeling happy where you are in life.
King of YouTube for ever !!!!!
Alternative title PewDiePie violates his mic
Best youtuber on the platform, love ya Pewds!
Thanks for the vid, Felix. Keep doing what you love bro and keep having fun with it! Japan seems like an awesome place and you deserve to have fun and be happy
👊
It's not about money and fame he did youtube because he loves doing it and it also helps so many people I'm talking about OG gangs
I love you but to be honest I haven't been watching much since the move. If you want to quit that's fine bye bye
Anyone who is apart of the 9 y/o gang?
Your videos of you just being who you are have always been my favorite
I started watching your videos when i was a kid. I’m not that kid anymore. And of course, you are not the same person who uploaded those videos. You changed, and so did we, as your audience. And during that time, i feel like you had a positive impact on my character. And seeing where we both are now, makes me very happy.
❤️
He got fame... He got money... But his main focus was on becoming more handsome.  Once he accomplished that goal, he went into semi-retirement.  Can you blame the man? 🤣
Personally have enjoyed your content with whatever you've been doing for years now. I don't mind if it's infrequent either. It's good fun. But it's ultimately up to you.
The Surfer Bro arc begins
Do whatever you want mate, have been watching you for more than 8 years. I will miss you if you suddenly quitting youtube.
I love pewd’s uploads and videos.  Shine on!
Lo lograste, haz lo que quieras y que te vaya bien
Enjoy Japan, Marzia, the dogs and just live your life! You've worked hard for it! And thank you for sharing some of it with us :)
👊🏻 Brofist
😭❤️
play it cool, Felix. Play it cool.
*F*       for fun
Why isn’t there like a big annual YouTube award ceremony like they do on TV. Like best comedy channel, best documentary, most growth. It would be such a big event.   Also a YouTube hall of fame would be cool.
We'll always be here to support you.
so many people have grown up watching you, and now that audience might not be around anymore, but just know that most of us have had some sort of inspiration on our lives from you, your YouTube career isn't just "fun" it was like a school sorta,  and im glad seeing the community support you in this snowflake era. thanks pewds
Love you pwdiepie ever since I first found you during shadow of collosus
Why is the Goat wearing a waffle machine on his ears
i just ate a carrot whilst this video was recommended to me okkkk
I'm around the same age as Felix I never felt a "shift" in his content it just feels like we've grown up and become more mature. Pewds to me is the original anybody can become famous or do what they love.
Good on you bro! I've gone through a lot of changes lately and s few years ago I quit posting my morning videos for lots of insecure reasons 🙃 but recently have been encouraged by some close friends and family to pick it back up ! Your video today was another confirmation that even though I don't need to post for my self it's still important to post inspiration for others ! Thanks man for always being transparent and encouraging! Hope yall have a great adventure in japan!
Retired or not, you still have our support 💗
Such a rollercoster to me being following pewds for almost 11yrs.
Be strong my man👌
Looking forward to the future happy content from you in whatever form it takes <3!
huge inspiration to me! thank you for the wild ride pewds and thank you for sharing your life and interests with us.
While I don’t enjoy your new content, you were and always will be an integral part of my teenagehood, if that’s even a word. When I first started watching your channel, on my other account, my grandmother passed away and a lot of unpleasant things happened. But you always made me laugh and influenced my sense of humor, among other stuff. I was obsessed with you.  I grew up and so did you, Felix. And I am glad you are in a place where you can be happy, physically and spiritually. The reason why you are the channel with the most subscribers is because you are real. A real human being. You made mistakes, said things. But point me at one person who never did that. Screw Twitter idiots who drag you down, screw everyone else. You deserve the world, Pewds. No matter what happens, Brofist!
Pewds I honestly believe this is the golden age of your channel.  It’s like watching thanos on his farm just enjoying life.    The Japan content is amazing.   I’d love to see you do some more exploring and just enjoying life
I despise most big youtubers as they all seem to chase clout so desperately. However I respect Pewdiepie. This just means he grew as a person and is looking for new inspiration. You can tell he's a sincere guy.
I love you Felix… now go finish Alice Madness Returns
I know that one day the Japan vlogs are gonna end but I have to say so far in the history of pewds this is the best chapter 😌 love you Felix
damn, I didn't take Pewdiepie for a surfer... that's rad as hell
Pewds you do you. I really love current, bit chill videos and showing Japan (as I also love Japan), showing culture and sights and just what to do there is so great!! I liked your videos from the moment I start watching you back in old days till now and it always put smile on my face. Thank you for that!! Have a good one :)
Those headphones are huge
I hope you never quit. Vlog till you get gray hairs.
Felix you can rest, monthly uploads though :)
I love seeing how content you are pewds. Just enjoy life in Japan with marzia and say hi to us once in a while, we will be here
tell me you also saw the pewds the just move to italy pewds in this video thankyou for still being here we appreciate it alot
Yeh i watch you canal because of my gf, and unit 5 years back i didn't know who is pp, but still your making loud of dark part of internet/influencing idiots is what I locking for, person of that range shod and is obligated in my opinion
I groving with Pewds
theres still alot of people watching. i imagine everyone is from the brofist era as i am
You got this King, keep doing what you love thats what's important.
Keep doing whatever you like,we love seeing you happy❤️❤️❤️
do not quit pls dont do it plssssss
We made him rich boys. Well done.
It is not just the understanding and support Pewds gets from us, its also really enjoyable having those relaxed and spontaneous vlogs in contrast to the monotone YouTube generation today who are basically making all the same content. Thanks Pewdiepie for sharing those moments with your community <3
the dude is the opposite of "johnny cash - hurt" if it make sense lol. a man with such incredible journey, now sitting and reflecting on all of that and feel proud looking back. pewds really did it man.  he really reached the peak. salute to you pewds
I don’t care
👊🏻
I have been a subscriber since your early insomnia videos and have generally enjoyed all of your content. I gave your videos a miss for a good year or so (but stayed subscribed) when they became focused on youtube drama, as it is not something i enjoy. I have loved your videos for the past year or so, great to see you enjoying yourself and the videos feel more genuine. I wish you the best and thank you for all the vids you have made and allowing me to live vicariously through you during your Japan adventures!
Good for you Pewds! We remember how you started. And many of us love you and your channel because of exactly that. So keep doing what you like doing and we'll support you no matter what! :)
He could retire if he wanted to.  Now he just comes on once in awhile to help people.
Been watching you since I was in 3rd or 4th grade, and I'm 22 now
great journey
It's been a really cool ride, it's cool to see your channel go through phases
luv u
You do you my dude, I really enjoy more youtubers that aren't over the top you know just be real, it's way more relatable this way and personally I find it way more enjoyable to be watching a real person who also does this for the love of it instead of focusing on growth, views, etc.
Keep doing what you love that's all that matters
I waiting for bookreview
i really liked this honest little video. Keep doing what makes you happy! :)
I miss your YLYL and Meme Review pewds, really enjoy that content 👍🏻👍🏻
Kickstarter to build a bridge and name it Pewdiepie Bridge
Dnt quit bro. Ur vids are still amazing.
You can never satisfy everyone. Keep doing what you're doing!
Goodnight my nigga!
We are here for you Felix, your fans are growing with you too. it shows your happy and doing what you like !
The problem with getting everything is, when u can purchase anything in this world easily because u have the money for it, u will start to feel bored.
So long as you find fulfillment and challenge in the endeavor then it is worth doing.
Congrats
<3
Those are some headphones damn
It’s saddening that you feel like you finally love your life now that you are away from your fan base.
pewds shouldnt stop because there will be no more sive edits
Here for you Pewds, not the stuff you do. That being said, Book/Philosophy review pls and ty
You have long life ahead so make more videos
You do you, Pewds. If you’re happy, then you’re clearly doing something right for yourself.
Hej pewdiepie jag är svensk. Bra videor
Felix, during the pandemic you gave millions of people a bro to hang out with when they couldn't hang out with their bros. Never underestimate your contribution. 👍
tbh these new vids are comforting as hell. I liked pew news ect but having drama constantly shoved in my face made me anxious and now I can just sit and watch cute little japan vlogs and I love it, its so relaxing and heart warming especially because me and my girlfriend want to move there aswell :) I think when you have fun your audience has fun
We love the new content switch pewds, I personally love to see what you’re up to lately and just general life adventures
If I can get like one or two book review videos of year. That would be Primo
I started watching in fourth grade, now I’m a freshman in college…unreal ❤️
I will watch and support you always Pewds!!!!
Love this!
I've always had  hard time "accepting" the change after 2016, most of the stuff from that year onward just didn't really interest me and i felt sad with how much you had changed. But watching this video i finally realized and accepted the change and fact that nothing will stay the same forever, especially after going through some stuff and changing myself as well.  Keep doing what you're doing pewds.
my baby
I wasn't getting emotional but that brofist made me cry ;-; love u pewds!
So glad you haven't quit yet. I know you hear this alot, but you made my childhood.
the next episode will be "Seriously...It's not click bait....believe me...I am quitting....Naaah! I am not...got ya
I remember watching pewds play amnesia back in the day I would just die of laughter. Although I don’t really watch him as much as I used to he’s still that one YouTuber that has been around since the dawn of time and everyone loves him
Never quit man , it is ok even if there is one video per month 🥲,just dont leave
Yall remember when my boy got caught with porn on his computer? Good times...
Here since Amnesia and Outlast times. I changed in these years as your channel and still here as you are.
if i moved to japan i'd probably disappear for awhile too :P
Np
I can’t wait for Philip Defranco to report on this and agree with the overall message, and not realize he got called out for having shallow YouTube drama content.
<3
Hey Pewds, I just wanted to say that it’s been awesome seeing the channel evolve and grow. In certain periods of time I didn’t watch you, and other periods I watched your videos weekly. There will always be an audience, maybe not as large as before, that want to grow with you. It’s interesting with your vlog style to see your hobbies, interested and life as opposed to the “shallow” content and I hope you continue to evolve and share stuff with us.
Love you ❤️
I'm glad you didn't quit
The vlogs are def my favorite content
Best Internet pal
I like whatever content you make because its you making it
Just go out and enjoy your life. You've earned it. After that, you know where to find us
I love your Japanese vlogs pleeeease don’t quit your vlogs are the closest I’m going to get to Japan and I enjoy your meme watching videos too keep it up!!! 😁👍
I support u no matter what u choose, don’t feel stressed about doing videos or just don’t think deeply about it , cuz we luv to watch ur videos cuz it’s fun and we don’t ask for more it’s rlly enough, we luv u and support u  Keep going bro ❤
Anyone in need of a brofist? for old time sakes? <3 👊🤜🤛
Seriously if you are still enjoying YouTube do it its been great the new content it's more fun when your enjoying the content you are  putting out 🙂
I for one am glad you haven’t quit and im really enjoying the vlogs of your life in japan
You do you, Pewds.  Doing what you enjoy makes whatever it is you post, fun and relaxing.
So the "lame" stuff like meme review, you weren't taking seriously clearly, so it wasn't you being lame. But why it was good was feeling connected to stuff going on, making fun of it, for the days of chronic illness where all I can do is listen to videos with my eyes mostly closed. It's light-hearted low budget content, and I don't know what memes are out there now 😄 you dont know the ways the content helps sometimes
You are awesome and inspire a lot of people, just do what you love and we all will support you!
Been a fan since 2013 when I was 7 years old. Time has been moving really fast and I have really appreciated and grateful of all of the memories that you've made for me. I am really happy that you're spending more time on focusing more on having fun and happy and not stressing yourself over every upload.
<33333
Tldr; he become Casey Nestait
I may not watch you as much as I used to, but I still respect you and think it's great what you have accomplished over the years. I'm happy for you that you are living your best life and doing what you think is best for you. Keep up the great work and thanks for the laughs over the years!
Please don't think we dont enjoy your content anymore, because we do! Love❤
i will always follow you .
O
I've never thought of this but I have been watching Pewds on and off for 10+ years now. Holy moly. It has been a fun ride seeing you grow as a person and going through changes. I'm glad that he is in the better position now and seems a lot happier. I spent most of my adult life watching you.
What a nice mentality to have 👏
😎😎😎😎👍
Sure Pewds doesn't upload as much as he used to, but at least now, the content that he is making seems actually genuine and something that he enjoys doing. Forcing himself to make videos just to get views or do the things that he didn't enjoy almost made him quit YouTube, so I believe right now is the best PewDiePie we could ask for because he is at the happiest moments in his life and is producing videos that share his happiness with the rest of the world.
Sounds good enjoy urself :D
If u enjoy it, why would u quit it? I enjoy ur content, a lot of people do
If Youtube was a game, I can say with absolute certainty that PewDiePie was the first person in the world to get 100% Completion.
i love you pewds
i love you pewds, proud of you
Regardless how many people talk about having to put on a character for their audience, the average person can tell if someone is genuinely into what they're doing, and at least to me that makes a difference to how much I enjoy watching it. Your Japan vlogs have been very chill and clearly the kind of stuff you're interested in doing, to the point that I've caught myself thinking "Wait, what is this video?" when you upload something else, because it's clearly a different vibe even if you're still somewhat having fun with it. Just do what you want, you've worked for long enough to get into a position where you can.
Love you bro do what makes you happy
Brofist!!!!!!! 👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻 something never change..!! Brofist Army
Man just do whatever u want, we're here with u ups and downs. Even if u gone then coming back all of sudden we still here for u
PewDiePie's Tuber Simulator new update
is heaven still heaven after so long
I wanna go surfing after this also
pls dont quit
That awkward feeling when you say goodbye to someone but you still walk the same way with that person.
Yo, do whatever you want. I am very grateful for the many years we went trough and grew together.
<3
Pewds sees comments omg! wow! wtf!!!!
I missed Friday's with Pewdiepie
those headphones tho
Less go pewds
I think one of the best things about pewds is that he always did what he wanted. The changes makes it never feel stale. I'm certainly not the same person I was when I stated watching all the way back in 2011. It feels more like following Felix along for the ride more than just simply about the content itself. That being said I was think there's anything wrong with content made to "distract" because alot of people watch YouTube for that reason. To turn off their brain for a second and just focus on something else. Distract themselves from whatever is happening in their life at the moment. But I get the angle of just watching/making that type of content that really doesn't serve any other purpose can be tiring. However I think it's ok to do once in a while, a balance. Anyways I'm happy for the life you've been able to make! Hoppas du kan fortsätta lyckas att hitta nya spännande vägar! ❤
Some people need a distraction, or to live vicariously through others
mrbeast dis track?
What size headsets do you want?  YES
You go for it. I do miss past content and look fondly at them but, it is never a let down when you upload new things. Just like Marzia said, if you like old videos then you can always watch those videos, which I still do. BIG UPPPPPS.
you do you pewds, thanks for everything, and exicited for what's coming!
Love u pewd
👊
How he guit and he was uploading videos 🤔🤔
you do you pewds, thanks for everything, and exicited for what's coming!
I'm supportive of everything u do as long as u don't delete ur channel :')
My channel turned 16 years last month. I'll never stop until they kick me off.. Godspeed, Felix!! 🙏🏻💪🙏🏻
Your a real one Felix. Its crazy to see how the mindset of yourself and mark and Sean are all hitting that point where the business side of it isn't the main point. And i have to say it makes the videos that much more genuine. Keep rockin dude
don't quit :)
I’m glad you’re still here. You bring sanity to my life. I love watching you💜
bro never quit u have so much potential
Do what you want. We will always be here to support you! The 1st sentence sounds rude but that's the best way that I could put it. Do what you enjoy. We will still watch it!
Dam, we're getting old
Never stop, just focus on special quality projects that you really really like. No more pressure and algorithems, just fun.
we aall love you man, honestly. I wanna say that i would support your decision of quitting yt and i do i actually do... but at the same time just the thought of it really makes me sad. Im sorry. But at the end of the day we love you and KEEP DOING WHAT YOU LOVE PLEASE I LOVE YOU!! IF YOU READ THIS THEN HAVE A GOOD DAY EVERYONE!!!
Glad for you, I think most of us understand, just do what you feels like is good and interesting for you despite others opinions. In your way you will find new people that will enjoy your new content, for example, I'm the one from them, so, good luck. I hope you and Marzia will create lovely family soon and we will see more wisdom from adulthood from you both to share with us and everybody will learn from something new
Ok, What is this comment section?
As a subscriber since 2012 I feel that I have a weird dynamic with felix embodied in this channel. It feels as if we are old friend that don't see each as often as we used to (as in me and the channel, I know that pewds isn't my friend like he said that livestream :D). I have to say that it doesn't bother me, we had our fair share of hours upon hours of fun memories along this 10 years, and it got to a point where i want felix to have the best life he can achieve without me knowing every detail about it. We love you pewds and support you no matter what direction this channel will take.
Collab with Hikakin!!
Ey bro let me tell you my belief. At the end of everything, we're just here to entertain people. Entertain ourselves, others and if you believe in God, entertain God. Make people feel good. Make everyone feel good. That's it. When you have all the money, fame, etc, at the end you will end up wanting to do something more important in life. Something meaningful. What's more meaningful than loving your neighbor? Make them happy. Make people want to live life more. Be an inspiration. That's why you should continue youtube bro. Continue making people happy. :)))
play some horrors :)
I really enjoyed the journey the channel took to get here. To me, it's like finishing a game that you really loved and even though you've pretty much completed it, you carry on playing but at a different pace to appreciate it some more.
you sound like a young jim carrey 🥲
Nah man don’t quit you’re the best.
I like this pwds
I hate myself for saying this, but: Le Japan Arc
i enjoyed the book reviews. even though im not one to read, i did listen to the audio version of starship troopers which was fucking great. i wonder what is on that shelf behind you
I'm just so glad we're past screaming, edgy piece of garbage Pewds.
so glad we still have pewds bro fist
Can't imagine YouTube without you man. All love
who wants you to quit wtf?
This was so inspiring to watch. As you begin a new chapter, you're realizing you want to put effort into what brings you joy so that you can share your joy with us. It made me feel like I can shift my life too into doing more things for the sake of my own happiness.
I glad u didnt quit, im with u all the way pewds
Well this is YOUtube. The website is meant for sharing your experiences with everyone and I think you are doing what the website is meant to be 12 years ago. Your retired, from being a "Youtuber" but honestly I feel like that word has be morphed into a entertainer or a business man which would be fitting like Mr Beast. Your retired, and we enjoy what you have to share with us. Thank you for your years of entertainment.
I've always enjoyed watching your content since day one and no matter what you do on your next path, we'll always be here for you Felix. Wish you and Marzia the best have fun you two.
Money. A lot of that.
I think this is the best sort of retirement any YouTuber could do because it all started with just having fun with what you like doing and other people taking an interest because of it. I don't like seeing YouTubers just disappear off the platform because they got so wrapped up in getting bigger and closer to mainstream media which I don't think is bad but it shouldn't be the end goal. I'm happy you're doing stuff that genuinely makes you happy and I hope you'll always take us along for pieces the journey ❤️
"It all just feels like distractions" Yep that's the popular internet that gets clicks and prompts ads and keeps people addicted to the internet. Diiiiiistractionsss.
ur amazing man the content u served us all these years is unbelievable
Meme review being distractions? How about living in the moment??
you can do good with money and influence... it is what it is... offcourse it started out by questionable means, from a position of lack... but life changes and you need to be open to whatever new stuff that brings... and if you choose to use that, you shall see change in your life.
Just do what you want, it's always nice to hear from you and sometimes 'look at' what you do, seems always interesting. :D
I'm hoping for minecraft let's play season 3 episode 1 for 2023
We’ve all grown up with up Felix, and we’ve all changed as well. You could post a video of you just saying hello and I guarantee we’d all watch. We come back for you, not just the latest greatest content you post. Keep living your life and posting whatever your heart desires, you’re appreciated so much mate
wholesome
Pewds if you have the time and effort i would really love for you to  make more of the elden ring type content you did earlier this year, I really liked it.  <3 But of course, make what ever makes you happy. I will suport you either way. Have a nice day!
I was here for the meme content. I don't really actively watch your channel anymore. But don't change on my account. I enjoyed your content because your heart was in it. If it's not in it, and it goes on for a while, I would eventually notice. Always stay true to yourself, Felix.
I'm gonna be honest I didn't really watch Pewds a lot but YouTube just feels incomplete without him
Too crazy to see how far you've come. Glad to still see you still around Pewds moving how you want to. You really have grown and changed overtime your fans are proud of ya. I hear you, you don't sound like you're complaining. What you're saying all makes a good amount of sense. I started watching you as a freshman of highschool, been quite some years now. Never let anyone take your accomplishments or blessings away from you. You're humble and you care and as fans Ik myself and others appreciate you and your involvement in our lives. Brofist 👊🏼
That headset tho
Have fun Pewds. Throughout the years, just seeing how authentically fun and happy you have been makes us happy too. And thank you cause you're bringing us along for the ride.
We never know what's around the corner.   I'm an old grandma who enjoys you- and I have NEVER played a video game in my life.   It's very clear to me that you are a pure love person.  I very much enjoy all the views of Japan because I will never get there - a wonderful glimpse into a unique and beautiful culture.  I also enjoy your book videos.   Love from USA.
Who doesn't want to enjoy Japan 😅😅 I've really been enjoying your vlogs lately they are kinda refreshing to be honest 😁
I am glad that you have reached a point to where YouTube is fun again. Please keep making content as long as you enjoy it, I'll stick around as long as you do! <3
Felix i remember watching you since 2014 - Present, i really love your vids. I support you in anything
Best playlist for this is MORE by Jhope and Arson from Jack in the Box Album
Im felling older wen looked you young picture, we are growing and wanted to do news experiences thank you pewds i don't view yours videos in years because people change like you tell, but we grew watching you become the biggest, good luck pewds brofist still support you at last
read one piece bro
Having kids is the next step for sure 🔸🔸🖐️
Our boy pewds is maturing and im loving it.
Thank you for all your uploads!
Your channel might die someday, you might get beaten by other youtubers in terms of subscribers but you will always be the GOAT for us.   "Every head must bow, every tongue must confess, this is the greatest of all time." - Mike Tyson
I love this man makes me so happy to see him doing so well and being so happy, it gives my hope that I can find this in my own life
This is like retiring from your job, to pick up a part time gig doing a few hours a week so you don't go crazy  Any job takes up a part of your daily life and keeping a bit of it is actually comfortable
Just happy you are still uploading and making the odd video :)
have fun go sweden
Man I absolutely love you  Thank you for being you
Times change & so do people A lot of younger people want fame & riches but some as they get older just want a quiet easy life and be with those close to them So if pewds want to quit & pursue something new I'm sure the vast majority will be there to support him
Просто оставайся
do what you want felix i like you for who you are and not for what you do I follow your person and not a specific type of content <3
those headphones aint it
This honestly feels like post- post-game; the whole "moving to Japan arc" was kind of like an epilogue, and now you are just doing whatever you feel like in a game world you have completed.
Just stream god of war when it comes out bro and we good
yb better
Pewds, just wanted to tell you that the vlogs in Japan have been really inspiring, something that i look up to every week. When i'm watching them i feel such an amazing warm & great feeling, and if i could guess why, it would be because through the video it can be felt how happy you are, so keep doing just that.
SIVE! SIVE! SIVE!
I'll always be ther pewds no matter what🍻 Enjoy Japan
I feel like he's gonna quit soon.
king 👑
I've been watching you since i was 14. I'm 23 now. Getting to watch how you've developed as a person over these 9 years has been a privilege pewds, and i'm so glad you're going to continue Youtube for the forseeable future!
Always do what u WANT and this channel will always be successful!
Mannnn, I'm just here for the ride. I watch when I can, and I always look out for the book reviews. I feel like anything that you post I'll watch. I've consistently watched for years. 👊
I knew from around two years ago PewDiePie technically already retired from YouTube. A part of me is kind of sad that maybe I will never see again the true gaming and edgy side of PewDiePie that always manage to made me smile no matter how bad the day I was having. BUT another part of me is happy seeing my most favorite YouTuber mature as a person and actually enjoying his life. In a way it's a bitter sweet ending. Thank you Felix for all these years. Brofist.
Damn that brofist kinda made me tear up. Thanks for the memories the past 10 years Pewds! Really happy to see how far you've come.
Just wanted to say thank you Felix for everything. You always put a smile on my face. I really liked the turn the channel has made. I always liked your more 'personal' videos.Whether that was vlogs or just you talking about books or hanging out with friends i always appreciate you showing us what you got going on and what you enjoy. Hopefully that makes sense? Anyways thank you again for everything!
Who asked
Hi piewd Are you having an existential crisis ?
we will be here with you felix whether you are actively uploading or not. your impact is already done. you have been an inspiration to million of people and produced an entire channel worth of content that people will always cherish and remember as their childhood. focus on yourself now and your wife. you are getting older and i promise we dont mind seeing you grow up. do what you want to do and upload what you want to upload. you will still have the majority of us who actually care
Doing stuff for fun, have you considered making scripted content? Idk if you'd find that fun, but you love to read maybe you'd like to start writing, filming, directing, etc?
i started watching you after the kazoo kid video.  i watched it again a couple weeks ago … still laughed my ass off.
Lesgo, subscribed since 1m subs, i support and i still watch all of your content.
we love you felix
We love you pewds!!!!!!! bro army here since 2010!!!!!!!! You made my childhood super awesome and FABULOUS!! I found a friend with your videos. Thank youuuu!
Ily
Felix your going thru your life do what you want to do
Sombody needs to call him out to a boxing match...😭 kidding
When it comes to gaming content...watching others play a game is usually where I decide if it is worth my time getting the game or not.  And when it comes to your other content...there has been a lot of laughs. And laughter is much needed these days.  Glad you are sticking around...and thank you for all the content you have produced so far.
I know he didn't made it sound preachy, but it does feel like that. Hearing that really makes him sound wiser and older.
As I grow older and feel a sense of duty and accomplishment growing each day, I started letting go of all the things that distract me from enjoying myself and my family. I can relate to you, and most of your viewers do. Thanks for giving people hope and room to dream though this might have not been intended.
Been here for so long, it's always nice to see you doing well. 12 years.. damn
Man I really enjoy PewDiePie from a very long time idk what type of content it is just too see him happy makes me happy idk how to express it cuz I still enjoy the vlogs same as I used to enjoy his gameplay back in the days
" Friday with Pew Die Pieee "
Thanks a lot for all those years that you give content to us and we love your content even it's changing because that's the way you like it so Im happy for you Felix and have a wonderful day!
kinda crazy Ive been watching this dude since i was 12 :P you're honestly an inspiration and have made me feel so much joy in the most uncertain times of my life, i mean this from the bottom of my heart thank you
People need to realize that when pewds first started being a youtuber, there were no internet standards to what is “popular” or “canceled” People rather we’re just making weird sht on the internet and just just having fun, this is when YouTube was at its peak. I respect him a lot for going past these boundaries of how to make a video, and rather just making them when he wants to. 👊
It would be funny if pewds try make manga and get published at shonen jump.
Love you Felix you've shown dedication and a heart from us your audience it's very inspiring
There with you Felix. I actually like your lo-fi Japanese explorations. And you'll change again. Continue brother.
❤️
*He doesn't need to quit. He could just stop uploading for months and then drop a chill video*
Felix is finally 10 years old
It was time spent with us 😉
Whats with the headphones😅😅
Nah bro. We grew up with this guy, crazy to think
Well i am a fan but not interested in your channel anymore, its been a while i feel, despite your massive dedicated audience, you are not willing to deliver anymore, as i said before,  you should give back to youtube. We deserve more than a man on gaming chair, give us good collabs, M/V, Proper planed Vlogs, Animations written by you.  Back then you helped the youtube to grow, now youtube helps you to stay relevant.  maybe pewdipie has ended and  these are just DLC's or behind the scenes we watch.
<3
B a s e d F e l i x
That somehow made me cry
Hey pewds I’ve been a bro for 11 years and I’ve watched you grow and change you have have been a big influence on my life and I’m so proud of you, I’m glad your enjoying life still and enjoying what you do.
BRING BACK LWIAY!!!
I'm sure that we all said that we're happy for you (and which we of course really are) and if you would quit than the move would be the perfect time, but deep down I'm sure a lot of us myself included would still genuinely be sad to see you go and to see your channel just stop.  But I can still say that I'm glad and lucky that I was alive at the same time that Pewdiepie first posted his videos on youtube and am even more glad that I actually watched them.
I love his dream, ❤️
Salam dari Indonesia
When you post more cod game? I wait 10 years :(
I love you Felix, since forever.  Fardeen Ali
Well done 👏
Just glad for the person who been giving me a lot of entertainment and something in life still here and be happy about it
I think you're not seeing the bigger picture here. This channel is not just a YouTube channel. It's a safe place, a sanctuary for lots of people. We enjoy watching your videos because that helps us in hard times. You gathered a community of 12 year olds floor gangs, now it's your responsibility to keep that community together
👊
Just do what you love
Good that you didn't quit Pewdiepie
He already beat the game, wow amazing
Your gaming videos back in the day made my childhood fun and fulfilling, so ill support you no matter what you do, more power to you heart emoji
Hey Pewds, no matter what mood I am in I really enjoy watching your videos, it gives me so much comfort to even just listen to you talk about things you are passionate about. Thanks for sticking around, feel like u r my comfert person ☺💜
You are happy every time in your videos and it made me happy even in my sad times. Which made you my favorite youtuber. You'll be always my goat youtuber. Also, if I were you, I wouldn't worry about being underrated, I would be happy with the less views, because the audience you are addressing is valuable audience.
Pewds do whatever makes you feel happy and comfortable and we will support you no matter what 🙏🏼
I love your japan videos though.
Keep going king 👑
We love you, Felix.   I remember watching you back in the day and how i used to wait for your videos everyday. Watching you was a daily activity for me. I genuinely loved your videos and I feel like I grew up with your videos. No matter what you do, I will always cherish the memories. It feels like a part of my childhood. Thank you for being you. You had a great influence on me.
That is the blackest t-shirt I have ever seen, wtf. 💀 Bro where does he get those? I want some.
Love and respect
👊
gonna get lost in the sea of comments, but glad you didn't quit 😊
You really made my childhood
You would not appreciate the beauty of a flower if it bloomed forever. Finitude gives life meaning. Thanks Felix!
I wasn't here during the glory days of Pewds. I got on the tail end of this channel and now it is going into into a plateau. It's a little heart breaking but if you're happy then it doesn't matter.
Even though your just chilling in life now, I’m glad you still post a video now and then just to say hey
Started watching poods during his amnesia era..i think that was in 2011. I feel like all of old fans are at a point that if you uploads.. Then we'll enjoy watching it (most probably not on the same day.. Just being honest here 🤭🤭 but nonetheless... Would still watch it) and if doesn't upload anything in a while.. We would also be fine with it.  YouTube is no longer a priority (i mean in terms of cashing in solely from it)... Most YouTubers that we had watched probably 10 years ago are just doing youtube for fun now.. As a way to interact with the community we built together....and that's totally fine
Mat karo bhai quit
bruh I don't know what memes I'm supposed to pay attention to. Need meme review asap. PP review also. Minecraft!
what a nostalgic feeling video. i watched pewds back in the day when he had the low cam quality, the thick swedish accent, good ol jabba the hutt song lol. i think a lot of your fan base has grown with you and agree. we now dont have much time to watch gaming videos, or random videos, we have adult lives we have to move on with too. its much easier to sit down and watch a video of someone now going about their casual life.
When I think back to what my favorite Pewdiepie videos are, they're all from different years and phases you went through. There's videos of yours I can watch over and over and they will still make me laugh or smile. If you make videos that make you happy or that you're proud of, they will make the people who love watching you happy. And I'm really glad you're still here ❤️
Spasibo za vse, tovarich! We love you
the brofist in the end nostalgic
TF people really wanted him to retire?
I honestely just want to see the japan vlogs like you have been doing for the last couple months. No need for those other content.
All good
There are not many YouTubers like pewds but that's why i love his content
Ha he wont quit because of $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
so happy for you felix 😌✨ missed your content too! will always be here to support you, and im glad you found your own pace
Me to my screen at 6:58 🥲👊🤧
PLAY HORROR GAMES FELIXXXXXXX
It's been a pleasure watching you evolve from when u started till now!  Enjoy your life man! You gave us the best content U deserve the break  Wish you all the best from Lebanon
Now play genshin 🤣🤣🤣
Always sus
just do how to grow on yt videos now instead of just reacting to stuff on the internet
YOU THOUGHT I WAS FEELING YOU??
If pewds quit, it would be a BIG piece of history who disapear
man i love the video, the honesty and the message...... But MAN those Headphones are BIG XD
PLEASE DON'T QUIT but if you decide to quit ,we respect your decision.  We love you and Marzia 😍 ❤️
Are u still taking month off in January since ur uploads are little now ? Love seeing u guys btw
basically, tldr, pewds wants to make videos as felix and not PewDiePie. we're here for it, always and forever pewds
Gör vad du vill Felix, du är inte skyldig något ett jävla något.
I've been following and growing up with this channel for 8 or 9 years. Happy that you're living your life. It's been a wild ride and I'm happy you shared it.
If pewdiepie quit it would be end of an era in YouTube and for soo mamy people. But theres nothing more for is than just accept that it may happen. We love this channel because it was enjoyable to see you having fun
You are the best example of a youtuber, Felix. All the best to you and your loved ones
Love you pewd as always since 2012 where I first start watching you, the evolution of your content and the mindset of your alway an inspiration for me in life generally!
Bound to be lost in a sea of comments, but you’ll always have my (our) support and love. Whether it be uploading or not. You’ve changed our lives in such a profound way that, that you earned it, just by being you. We’ve been right along with you through everything, and you finally have the life you wanted and dreamed of. Idk what else to say, just every How’s it Goin Bros, and Brofist, you’ve made more people happy than you’ll know. You’ve earned our support, forever.
Really cool video. Also very handsome PewDiePie. Absolutely legendary... Pewds is a man for the history books.  Thank you Pewds... for having fun. Brofist.
we love you pewds  we also want you to be happy and comfortable
Bro your channel is dead... I am not a hater that's the reality. You have more than 110M+ subscribers and you are not even crossing a 5M views on your videos. Have a blessed Life Brother 😃👍🏻
okay
We love you pewds
we love u pewdie
cause you're too greedy
What you need are kids. Japan is great for kids, especially if you have the money for international school. Crime is so low, compared to Europe and US.  And please if you have kids, don't upload them to YouTube.
You´ve done it bro, you have an amazing life, an amazing wife and will always be in Youtube history. If you wan´t to quit, I wish you the best and I thank you for all this years and hours of entertainment. Greeting from a chilean bro!
This video felt like my girlfriend breaking up with me but wanting to stay friends.
Felix, please don't quit. When I came out of depression, I stumbled across your channel. That was a phase of my life that I will always cherish for the rest of my life. P.S please play video games again
Dude. It really doesn't matter people want you to retire. This si your channel you decide on what you'd do with it. Either way, someone of will still support you no matter what.
"10 of 10 mic boops, would boop it again" But honestly, thank you for being here, it means a lot to walk such a long journey with someone and watching their growth. And it's a delight to see you enjoying your life ❤❤
LOL OK..
been here since 192 subs , i just hope you just keep enjoying yourself :D
where will you work instead of youtube? there is more than a half life for you anyway
love you pewds!!
as you've changed through out the years, I'm sure everyone who followed your channel 10 years ago  changed as well. I'm all in on what you'll upload and when you'll upload Pewds :)
Bro fist!!!
I've been watching you for about 8 years now, and not on and off, but all the daily uploads. For many years you were a part of my daily life and I feel like I've gone on a growth and maturity journey by your side. Honestly you're a real role model to me, not because of your fame, but because of your drive to live the best life you can live. I know a comment like this feels weird to you, but you really have no idea the impact you've had on some of us.
I love you pewds even if u upload once a month I will not get tired of you
I've had periods of my life where your videos annoyed me, where I was jealous, and now I find you really inspiring. Keep uploading and creating content for fun because that's what it should be for at the end of the day.
pewds hasnt quit yet because people like having stuff to do, most people who retire miss work after a couple years even though they are too old to work anymore, and if pewds did quit youtube we would see him pop up somewhere else eventfully
Those headset tho
never quit bro never
I may not have been here from the very beginning, but I remeber the Amnesia, and Happy Wheels videos like kt was yesterday. All in all Pewds thank you for being such a big part of my childhood. ❤
Pewds, I respect the hell out of you. Keep doing what you want to do, and I really support the idea that you want to do YouTube just for fun now. I wish you and Marzia lots of love, happiness and joy getting to know Japan and such. Keep doing what you're doing <3
But that headphone tho 😳😳😳
I think doing YouTube just for fun is the best way to do it  So Felix, whatever makes you happy, makes me happy, makes all of us happy, thank you so much for sharing your emotions I'm not really an old fan, but I've been watching your videos for a few years, and every second of them was amazing Thank you so much for everything you do and have a great day 💖💖💖
I hope you play Outlast Trials, since Outlast was the reason why I found you.
Just want you to play PUBG again
eey doood do want you love <3 dont stress my friend we love you being you my dod X3 at least i love your content becuase you are you X3
Dont complain. Keep going. Poop put as much videos as you can.
what if this is the last video💀
Release vids whenever you want to, we support you and appreciate it
Felix has every right to just be enjoying YouTube for fun. He’s been doing it for so long he will no doubt always been known as one of the platform’s legends. He’s been apart of so many people’s childhood, including my own… I’m an adult now and i started watching him as a kid, and I’m so glad I got to grow up with him. From the bottom of my heart, thank you Felix.
as time passes, this platform will most likely keep shooting itself in the foot, but its very nice to see you persevering on with your yt career and not feel to discouraged from the negativity of the haters :)
I appreciate your authenticity with this video, and I’m so glad that you’re still here and having fun. So proud to see all of your success, and I’m definitely looking forward to the future. :)
In the era of corporate  channels where everyone is trying to mass appeal, Pewds is the breath of authenticity.
I have an idea..One more fucking walktrough of The walking dead and Clementine and then...You can retire and quit youtube 😂
Play horror games
Thank you Felix
Good bye
Keep going
Beard looks nice
I'm happy you retired but didn't quit 😄 I've enjoyed your videos for years, it's been a fun ride & it's great seeing someone who has brought so much entertainment to others, enjoying life. Glad you got out of the destructive mindset- I think most people who have watched the channel for any great length of time are here because of you, not the specific content, and happy to share in the journey whatever you end up doing. Cheers to YOU being happy
Felix i think when the time comes, when you want to quit youtube i think that everyone will support you, whatever you decide, the bro army, the bros, the 9 year olds and even the 19 year olds and the floor gang will respect your decision, this journey you made helped alot of people through the years, people with mental problems, people with trouble at home, they all followed you to escape their harsh reality, and you even helped me so much through the years, all the way from black ops to your move to japan, and i know that even in the future i think that when or when you quit, people wont stop watching your videos, they will all go back and watch your old videos to remember the good times and see how much you grown since you lived in gothenburg/göteborg for us swedes, with this i want to say that you do you, if you want to make videos about cooking or renovating videos, we will support you Felix, thank you for being here for us during our dark and difficult times, i hope you and Marzia will be happy in Japan, please hug Edgar and Maya for me, thank you!
Pewds could post a ten hour black screen and I would still watch the whole thing and all the ads I grew up with him my loyalty shall never change
I never felt attached to any type of content you post because what I like is to see different points of view and I enjoy when you change subjects or content. I like that it's not consistent in one thing anymore but multiple stuff, your gaming is ok, but when you do other stuff and even the blogs, that's when I feel this place shines and I enjoy it, I love seeing recipes, book reviews, memes, travel and all that because it's like a window to another place and I can disconnect a little bit from my reality and enjoy that.
It's hard to find fun nowadays. Look forward to your uploads :)
Where is the energy😭
Still a legend. Still the goat and genuinely still glad just to see your face 👍. Made YouTube for me.
Crazy to think, but I see your YouTube account as a documentary. I go back through the phases of pewds that I want to see.
Start doing car content, your in literally the best place for it. And it would be great fun for you and would be epic to watch
Love u soo much Felix. Your videos inspired me alot and when I'm alone I always watch your video especially the one with Ken ☺️
do it more properly this time!
Evolution is lyf
just take a break like you did before if you got burnt out pewds. i wonder what it'd be like if youtube didn't have you in it
This made me so happy to see. Just live life and enjoy everything man! Best wishes for you and the fam, enjoy Japan!
very cool video bro
Never quit
فاهمينك فاهمينك 👏
I know you probably won't see this, but a part of me hopes that you and Connor do a crane game competition, just because that would be epic.
I remember watching you pewds and your cry of fear is what I got me hooked. I'm glad you were able to become successful off this platform even tho YouTube has some ups and downs but you have always made it good. Hope everything has been good
Quit the moment you got your first born, that's it.
Didn't quit just so he could beat TSeries
you are the best
👍 😄
I don't see u retiring. Not withouth starting something new
Yo wassup
i really love you sharing experiences from japan
1:39 resume perfectly the situation
bros forever
Люблю тебя, спасибо за все-все-все моменты вместе с нами!
I'm not an OG subscriber, started watching pewdiepie during the lockdown, I did know pewds cause of the whole t series vs pewdiepie thing but personally I didn't care. During the lockdown however i started watching youtube and I have to say that everytime i watched pewds' videos i felt very relaxed and i'd never felt anything like it. after watching pewdiepie i stopped watching a lot of channels cause they didn't feel the same way i was over all those over enthusiastic videos wherein they do some stupid challenge. I am glad he didn't quit.
Why did he punch my face at the end? That was so unnecessary.
Felix every  2 years :
how about you do it to help small time developers showcase their humble games to the world? give them a push? use the platform that the audience gave you and what you built to help hard working people?!
*brofist* saving progress...
If you really wanna quit sure but end it after collabs with abroad in Japan, hajimeshacho and hikakin. Last two  collabs will be awesome
Damn it pews!! Enjoy Japan Brotha fuck them kids
FIRST 🥇
There is nothing wrong on quitting or retiring, you can enjoy your time with marzia, maya, edgar and friends.  You deserve to enjoy outside the internet, you've done so much to inspire alot of people and entertain us with your humor. Thanks Pewdiepie it's been a long ride having you here on youtube, without you- the youtube gaming community would be dull as heck. You are the fundamental of horror gaming and wacky games, that's why you're one of the most important people on the internet in this day and age, you're not leaving if you're retiring. You'll be always in our hearts and don't think about you are abandoning your fans, just leave us a peaceful and a tribute on your journey so all of us can enjoy your farewell and last _brofist_ .
I hope grandpa pewds comes to fruition
Love your content Felix. I will always enjoy watching you have fun and be a huge inspiration for all of us. Thank you for not quitting and pushing through the negativity. Can't wait to see what you have for us in the future. ❤
As you grow older so do your interest, you do you brother!  You've been a huge inspiration!
You don’t need to explain yourself to us, Felix. We’re along for the ride no matter what.
I'm genuinely happy for you, and I wish nothing but the best for you^^ Been watching your old book reviews since I wanted to get back into reading, and I would love for you to do more of those!  God bless you Felix & Marzia ❤️
If you really want to upload videos like you used to, then don’t monotize what you upload!
I have watched you for about 9 years so it will definitely feel i bit empty to not see new videos from you, of course watching other creatores but you will surely be missed but will always support and respect your choice :) stor kærlighed fra danmark til min fælles skandinavien ❤️❤️
We love a humble pewds
Hearing people's problems is supprisingly a great way to take your own mind off things, thanks pewds :)
I’ve been loving the recent content. I can feel that Pewds is enjoying it too and that’s amazing
Looking at sweden nowdays, i would move out too
You know that your 9 year old army (19, 21 now?) will always be there to enjoy whatever content you put out because its you we come to see, not necessarily whatever it is that you are putting up for the day.  You're like an old friend you see every now and then, might not see them all the time and its not whatever you're doing with them that keeps bringing you back, its just that old friend you want to catch up with.
I'm glad that the top youtuber is a great person and role model. You learn and grow and become a better person every day it seems, more intelligent, wise, and most importantly, fun. People tend to lose their inner child as they grow, but you do not. I started watching your videos probably over a decade ago now, and I'm happy to see you growing in life just like I am.
I really wish YouTube would recommend me your videos more often. Idk if they changed the algorithm but I don't see you as much. 😔
t series wouldn't be mad about that
I really liked the casual vlogs lately, keep doing what fits you best! <3
pewds you are a legend, I still support your claim of antarctica, would be very cool if there was a statue build there :p
Honestly I'm just waiting for the brofist edit where the Montage of every time he says girlfriend until one video that's going to be f****** awesome if I know how to edit I would definitely do it but I'm just a consumer but it was to have the idea I don't care as long as you look good
damn damn bro iloveyou
I like that you didn't quit and now you're just enjoying your life and simply sharing with us
He happy c:
rest, my bro
FELIX WE LOVE YOU
The real happy ending is that you retire and keep making videos just for fun.
Someone summaries this in Fortnite terms plz and thank u
I miss the good ol' days of Pews saying whatever came to his mind while fighting people on bridges.
l0ve you man
Always proud of pewds and his accomplishments, he does seem happier living in Japan now and you love to see it
This is the felix that i always enjoyed watching
❤️❤️❤️
damn
Wholesome, thanks for the update Pewds!
I’m so glad you didn’t quit
<3
U still my nigga brah
Understandable, bro. Have a nice day.
I just want to say your headphones looks cool man
this is like when the animes main story ends and the characters just chill out for the rest of the season
Loving the new arc Pewds
I think Marzia is holding a gun to his head off camera
😭♥️
First
Bro ain't quitting until 69,000 videos. We will be with you for the journey
You’ll probably never read this, but you were a part of a ton of kids’ childhoods. Including my own. I don’t know what I think I’d have done if you hadn’t been one of the best influences in my life.   So thank you. Whatever you decide to do, we love you.   - ✨♥️✨
You do you pewds 👍 I’ve been following you since the amnesia days and I’m just happy to watch you and Mazia being happy 😊🌸
So, no lwiay from now on?
Tbh I'm happy the way your channel is now with you being "retired", after so many years watching you your videos are still the ones I like the most. Right now I love your vlogs and other videos in which  we can see how happy you are.   Keep doing whatever you like Pewds!!
The dudes the best man
Glad you're still here (: loving the old and the new 👍
It's honestly heart warming to see someone I grew up watching hot this position
Pewds hit his mic lol
Here b4 1m view
Thank you for the video
When i hear the kassette going into the VCR, i know it's gonna be a good video. Keep posting the vlogs man!
Random comment so it gain trafic
never give up
I was in 4th grade when I first started watching him, now I'm in 2nd year of my college, and he's changed so much, Proud of you pewds.
cancel culture has thrown far too many innocent victims under the bus. glad you have stuck with it. keep up the good work felix!
The day you quit I’ll cry so hard
stephano, barrels and bicycle-man are the first things that come to mind when thinking about this channel. it's such an important piece of Youtube history at this point.
Haven't watched the vids in a while tbh but the main thing i notice the camera quality improved
Plz don't quit.
I'd be sad if u quit but I would respect it so I'm happy ur still uploading I still love ur content rn as much as I enjoy ur old content I will continue to support u felix woo!!
still remember that you are so powerfull that "you canceled" jesus
sad face about Cryaotic though..
That is a big ass headphone my dude
Pewd your the best
You always come through in the clutch and tell me what I need to hear.  Please don't ever leave us Pewds! Your wisom is invaluable. The 19 year olds need you! ❤️
I think you can do YouTube forever and especially you are not forced to do it
Such a genuine guy. Even if he stops uploading, he is always in memory
Honestly, that is the dream. Work hard through your teens and 20s, then slow down in your 30s so you can actually have the time to enjoy life and spend it with the people you love instead of stressing every day.
Pin or start sleeping with your eyes open cause I am gonna be under your bed tonight
Please don't youre the one thing keeping me alive my life is a shit pile and im saving money so i can make something out of youtube amd improve my life but i need you by my side please felix 😭
I feel so nostalgic everytime pewds uploads a video. I've grown with this guy since i was 13 and now I'm 18. I've seen him grow while I'm also growing. I cant wait to know the feeling that I'll get 30 years in the future when this mf uploads a video on how to take care of your farm in Japan.
I love that pewds is straight to the point
when next book review
Do what you want to do Felix. It was long and wild ride all this years and i think most of us feel comfortable whatever you upload. But if 1 day you decide quit, we will cheer for you)
👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊👊
i haven't watched a video in ages from you but I love you pewds. brofist!
I will support Pewds whenever, I've been subscribe since the amnesia days till now.
no matter what you do, to me it will always come out entertaining <3
I feel like most people like a channel the way it was when they discovered it. For me it was 2016 era. Though it's still nice to see your favourite creators change and evolve
if you plan on quitting youtube please at the very very least upload one vid per year
Why I didnt quit... Money
Massive inspiration to millions of people, a true goat of youtube I’ll support you no matter what you decide to do 🙏
He might phrase some of his context shallow but it’s life, not everyday is exciting but at least he was there everyday for me for the past few years. It’s just always nice to have seeing the same person making new decision and sharing his opinion and reaction, and who is also really due for a break.
In the future there would be felix jr toy review 🤣
god your minecraft horror and happy wheels years were some of the best years, I was in grade 9 or grade 10 when I first watched your videos and it was such a fun time. I'm 27 now and I do agree I haven't watch as much as I used to, since the channel has changed, I have changed, I've gotten old and you have to. But at the end of the day I will always support you man, just for all those years of entertainment alone. I'll watch whenever it catches my eyes. do you brother, I'm happy youre happy man
I remember watching you as a teenager in highschool and then growing up and still watching all your videos.  Im 33 now. Happy wheels was one of my favorite eras and so was the mincraft play through. I found you during your horror game streak. I was hooked! I stayed during the drama and I always bro fisted my screen at the end of all the videos you did it in. I wasn't a nine yearold but I was influenced by your comedic role playing and your entertaining experiences you posted for just fun for so long. People hated me for supporting you but I never left. I lost my OG account twice but making this one you were the first I subbed to and I love your Japan vlogs. I like seeing you vibing and just being happy. I will always wait for more everytime. Let's plays, vlogs, comedy skits, heck even cooking or something crazier. If your doing it I'm tuning in.
pls dont quit
I'll still be here when a video named : "My 100th Birthday" comes out!
No matter how far youtube grow PewDiePie will always be the king of youtube in our heart 💓
I started watching maybe 5 years ago. I live in Japan and am so happy for the Japanese content! Glad you're being yourself Felix! You do you!
Bro pls dont quit idk what i will do without your videos
WE LOVE YOU PEWDSSS
bro fist forever!!
Felix Im glad you still upload all I ask for is more book review please, give me a book to read and then review with you I loved when you've at least sorta did that in the past
If he quits October 2nd, it'll be the same date as his first ever video
I don’t want you to quit❤️🤧🤧 love you pewds
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Love ya Pewds, take care of yourself in your "retirement"
My kids grew up with you , wish you well on what ever you decide to do.
Don’t let this distract you from the fact it took about 10 years for Felix to get a good quality camera tho
😉
Bro is handsome 💀💀💀
Don't quit...
Brofist… 🥹👊
Do what you want man we will always support you.
I love you man❤️
love your vids pewds will always check back every couple of weeks to catch up
We love you Pewds, also watch the Cyberpunk anime it's insane
i’ve just attempted to start a streaming career and i’ve never felt this motivated to get going until i saw this video. press you are the greatest creator out there you inspire so many people and make so many people happy, quit when you’re ready not when you feel cornered or as if you have no other choice.. bro fist 👊
Did anyone read the title as "why I didn't rage quit"
clarification in a long time🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
So now I have to rewatch pewds old videos again
Now is the perfect time for Felix to harvest the fruits of the seeds he planted over the last 12 years. Taking it easy, not having to focus on planting and growing. The hard work payed off so now it feels like we can all sit down with Felix from time to time, eat a plum and see how its going from time to time. To me, being a subscriber since one of the first Amnesia videos and starting highschool back then its nice to see an update from time to time and smile after all that happend in past 10 years and see what Felix is up to nowadays and enjoy a bit of the things he build up and shares with us. Its kind of like a happy after credits scene from a great movie that leaves you smiling and happy that you sat through the credits. Not sure if you'll see this but thanks for the great content the last 10 years and i'm happy to see you're enjoying life how you want it at the moment. seeing that once in a while is more than enough, thanks for that!
why not use your money, power, and connections to help people? you know life is purely luck.
We love you man!
I still support u
You are even better then cheese cake
Good job pewdiepie ❤️💔 You are best 😎💔
Damn 10+ years with pewdiepie time flies...
Distraction from what pewds honestly
I’m watching your videos the last 10 years almost. I really like your content, I’m enjoying your Japan videos and I enjoy that you take your time before releasing. Live your life at your own pace bro. Take it easy, keep calm, keep on. Brofist.
You have done so much for people by giving a lot of entertainment. But maybe moving towards helping people through your videos can be the next step? If you are feeling unfufilled maybe that is the best big next step. Nothing will give you more fullfilment then focusing on helping others. /Arman Torabi M.D. All the best from Sweden.
2:58  dung~
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain
You can do what ever you want, you made yourself a legend and you retire or half retire as a legend.God speed to you
i liked the 3000 BC pewdiepie more tbh
Love you poods
How long till you crank a baby out?
It's been a long and fun ride! Glad to hear you'll still be here for a while. Excited to see your content as always, Pewds !
Enjoy your life, you don't owe anybody anything.  Most of us would love to be in your position so why shouldn't you enjoy it 🤜
Still can't believe it's been 10 years, and yas wecompletely understand you! Which is exactly as you want and of course now there is more to do with the channel and maybe do a lot of other things And the most important thing is to be in the best mood with it And really, wow
We love you poods 🥰
Pewds is unironically the chad meme in real life. Absolute madlad
Don’t quit!!!!!
Look at his head phones
I love the new PewDiePie, more relaxed and genuine in my opinion
👊
you technically quit, you can post whatever now and whenever. i feel like these have been established multiple times lmao
We appreciate your efforts! It would be sad to see you fully disappear,so I’m grateful for the videos you put out now. Hope you continue to enjoy uploading and sharing all the fun stuff happening in your life.
Bring back Pew News and Meme Review.
Pewdiepie comeback legendary:)
That said I really look forward to more PDP videos, whatever they may be (a stream some time would be fun?)
quit
Now that you have been taking YouTube less seriously I enjoy your content more. I don’t know if that makes sense but everything you do seems more genuine and it reminds me of the old YouTube
GG RESPECT
Even if you do quit you'll go down in history anythings fine really if you continue that's great and if you don't its still great either we'll support you man!
Damn i'm 30 years old and still do the bro fist at the end of videos like these
Seeing Pewds like this really gives me hope for the future. When you no longer feel the need for distraction (from reality, like chasing after money and fame) and instead you are more focusing on things that make your day feels more meaningful. Man, I would want that for my future.
I fucking love you
Much love bro.
Pewds: says that YouTube shorts feel irrelevant. The guy who edits for PewDiePie highlights channel: am I a joke to you?
So 5 years ago, you did an interview which you posted with the title 'Talking about some stuff Ive never talked about..' I love the calm style of the video and just getting to know you better. I was wondering if you would like to create another one of those, since so many things changed since then. Maybe use questions from that video and/or questions related to your life now!  I truly wish you the best and thank you for still being here :)
PewDiePie new YouTube level = self-actualization.
Just do what you wanna do it's always a fun experience anyway.🌟
Don't worry pewds, we don't mind waiting longer for other uploads, enjoy your time there! And I still enjoy your current uploads a lot even if not frequent, keep on having fun!
Anyone eles early
Hey pewds i recently came to Japan as an exchange student. Do you have any Suggestions on what to do or visit ?
Thank u pewds <3
Pewds is suffering from success. The reason he wouldn't quit simply because this is what he loves to do. Not the views, subscribers, money, and fame.
decent camera quality.
If i showed this to my 19-year old self and tell him this is pewdiepie he'll freak the fck out. All he knew is that Pewds is the guy who wears green suit and act like a maniac. I just feel like this channel actually matured along with it's audience. At least that's how i personally experienced it, pewds literally got me returning to reading books again.
I always liked you videos that talk about different things like a book you read or something but either way it's just enjoyable watching you🤷
I truly hope Felix becomes Muslim. Your a nice guy, and hope you are sincere. Study Islam and you will be at peace. Peace all!
Felix is definitely a YouTube veteran after all those years. Still do YouTube while doing what he wants at the same time, props for you mate!
How love how pewdiepies taste in his videoes naturally changed with mine and most probably many others throughout the time
Those headphones holy
Thank you for still being here. I love your videos and havent missed a single one for years now.
Pewdiepie getting all spiritual and he ain’t even know it. But I’m the real feel like I’ve been going through a similar change of realizing all the things I used to care about are dumb and I just wanna live and enjoy it
I'm glad you're happy, thanks for the childhood big guy
pewds back welcome back king  mr beast vs pewds  Coming haahah jk
great that you havnt quit felix!
Noooo
I just wanna see you grow old pewdy! don't quit :))
keep up pls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Honestly Felix, I think a lot of people would agree with me when I say, I watch your channel for YOU. I couldn’t care less what your next video will be about,  I watch it because you made it.
We love you pewds
His channel doesn’t die because his content is constantly growing and changing with him and with us we are all growing together. No creator has the same sense of community felix has with his audience. Keep doing what you do and we will keep watching 🥳
Good for you, it's always best to do things that you into because you can always see genuine emotions and those are the best ones, so keep doing what you like!
It's good to see you are still that humble and down to earth. Do whatever you want on this channel and ignore the people who say you should quit.
More vlogs.
i love you pewdiepie
Dont worry pewds I can take a million off your hand 🤣
Why didnt you quit?   Money 😂
I don't think you will be happier this way. Maybe now but not in a year. You should care about getting better and making really good content because that's what gives you meaning. Imagine you destroying everyone with your best content ever made. Now it seems like you just gave up because you don't have a reason to work hard. I think it's a good thing to be proud if you manage to achieve great numbers. Know that you can make massive changes to the internet. You haven't even used your max potentiol yet. Don't make the same content but don't drop the torch either.
i agree
give me your headphones pls
Pls don't quit
Yes Felix, you've already proved that you're already a very successful Youtuber. You don't need the grind anymore, just enjoy the ride, and life with your beloved wife.   Share with us things that you want to share with us about your life or opinion or hobby, anything. Yes you probably will lose viewers(or gain, we don't know) but that's okay. Stay healthy brother, mind and body.
Love you bro <3
Hey Pewds, any bros or “Nineteen-year-old” would know that despite the very appreciable outcome, your journey in youtube was far from perfect. There were problems and dramas everywhere over the past years and it might made you felt like quitting for a moment, but looking back at your journey, your effort in trying to overcome those problems, your dedication in growing the channel, your reason to start the channel in the first place, it might also be the reason why you don’t want to quit just yet. Anyway memes aside, I’m happy that you finally found out that you don’t want to grow as “Pewdiepie” alone, but also as yourself, “Felix Kjellberg”. I’ll be looking forward to your new contents in the future 👊.
You didnt quit :D
Wow, he's camera became so crisp!  Pewd we will support you no matter what <3
NO NO NO! THERE GOES MY CHANCE ON BEING NUMBER 1 YOUTUBER!
congratulations on all your success, pewds!! 🤍
i love u Pewds, no homo
Don't leave
what are your headphones your wearing?
Love this mindset, people for the most part, or at least the ones that stick around watch the channel for you, not necessarily the content your uploading but you yourself. So seeing you do whatever you find fun at the time and seeing you genuinely happy is what the core fan base actually want!
I think a lot of people are invested in you as a person, whatever you do I just like checking in to see how my buddy pewds is doing. Keep doing you dude:)
Years ago I showed up for the content.  Now I stay for the respect.
PeeewwDiePiiee ❤
You will always be accepted no matter when you upload or how you make your videos. Enjoy your life the way you like it!
chill bro, you don't need a reason to do what you like, just have some fun
Ill save you some time. MONEY
Enjoy your life my man💪
My hero 🥰🥰
i started watching pewdiepie when he was uploading amnesia videos, its been a fun experience
I’m so happy Felix is not quitting but I wouldav also been happy for him if he did. Much love. Brofist ;_;
I love how supportive Pewd’s fanbase is of him, it’s such a wholesome community to be a part of
lol
You do you, that's how you won in game of life.
I think you can carve out whatever path you want at this stage, you basically have carte blanche given your popularity.  Just do what you want, the OG supporters will stick with you regardless.  You Japan blogs have actually been some of my favourite content of yours you've ever done (maybe even more than the Slender videos.....ok too far)  Anyway, wish you every success and happiness in your new life in Japan. ❤❤
We love you dude.you're the most authentic person on social media I think
❤❤❤❤❤luv ur vids man❤❤❤❤❤
Pewds : the bridge incident
The moment you feel stressed about something that you started doing for fun, is the moment you gotta take a break. Glad to see pewdiepie living his best life.
Been around since you had around 800k subs. You. Better. Not. Quit. Now felix. Ive been invested for much to long.
It honestly feels like i grew up with pewds as a close friend
yay !
Jesus Christ 0 deaths really changed you
Thanks for the kind words and for sharing your thoughts with us. If you wanna try maybe Valheim could be a nice game for you to play on your spare time. It's beatiful and relaxing.
do what you love in life simple
Thing is you've been doing YouTube so long that you're good at it so it's hard to quit when it's all you know.
Will genuinely support him no matter what type of content he puts out as long as it’s good and so far it’s always been good 😊
Bring back old editor
theres no such thing as pewdiepie without drama 🤣. my whole childhood just all about pewds drama and all the rival and enemies that have been through pewds career
Which headphones is Felix wearing?
Love you and adore you so much, Felix! Keep on floating around Youtube.
common felix w do whatever is good for u bro
Thanks for the all of the entertainment bro...occupied so many hours for me and many others..love your work..YouTube will feel empty without you..but you gotta look after you ♥️
it always brings a tear to my eye seeing where you are now after so many years and I always remember when I was a young kid and watched your amnesia the dark descent playthrough and I remembered the barrels, your playthrough of lucius with the beach ball named bengt  I'm really happy you're still here pewds
I’m really happy for you Felix! You are unabashedly yourself and your channel reflects that. Thank you for 12 years of passion driven content.
you understood the assignement do what you like...
Would you like to finish Life is Strange Before the storm? 👉👈🥺
We're happy for you pewds! Just do what you wanted to do
Bro you're a youtube legend have as much fun as you want homie either irl or gaming you literally deserve it
Serious  news
Thank you for paving the way on YouTube. Growing up watching your videos and seeing the platform grow was amazing. ❤️❤️❤️
Been a bro since I was ten and now I'm 19. Your videos have been a routine of mine. I watch and rewatch whenever I feel bored or tired. I'm glad you haven't quit and looking forward to more in the future. Just know that no matter what you do, we'll respect it.
dont quiiiiiitttt plssss we looove ur stuff felix
I like retired PewDiePie videos. It's cool.
TrashTaste when? You can't quite until then XD
Respect
I really enjoy your content more now then before! So I’m glad your staying to have fun!
I am glad you didn't quit because YouTube now is just grasping for attention, petty pranks and shit shorts. Watching you always felt like I was chilling with my bro.. that's what we need, chill vibes and not white noise
U are a hit dont quit ever🌹🌹🌹
Wise. Responsible. Self-honest. Wholesome.
Keep making in what makes you happy pewds, love u!!!
You dont have pass
Sometimes the old videos were just stupid mindless fun and screamings but, those vids really made my day. When I was in my Architecture school days staying up late doing work, your vids are always what I was looking forward to get me throught the nights. 4 years and just finish Uni, still enjoying whatever you put out on the channel. Thanks for Felix for making the days and night fun for us all
Bro fist is a precious priceless emote now
I will always support what you decide. YouTube will not be the same without you but I understand about how you feel. You have it all right now. So proud of you
4k-dags grabben -.-
why not quitting? because those headphone aren't pay himself xD   Audeze LCD2?
Nice cans btw :)
<3
Would love book reviews from Pewds
Felix don't worry bout it we won't even notice your gone. On a serious note you've done so much and at this point 111m subcribers is crazy. You deserve a break,Nothing will match the 2018 days 🙏
its legit fucking awesome seeing pewds go from a troll making fun of everyone and bullying the paul brothers to this amazing
Hey Pewds, Can you bring back the falcon lovers youtube story. My favourite thing you ever did :P :P
I don't know why people want you to quit now. Your still young and your videos are entertaining.
do you bro. you already did everything youve wanted to do, made it where you wanted to be, and i think you should be able to do as you please now without having to worry abt what your viewers will say or think. always loved the vids and always will man. keep inspiring
Love you bro
I explained to my best friend yesterday that Pewds is retired already but still uploads videos from time to time. I‘m thankful that he‘s still doing videos for us and hope he can use his best years of his life to its fullest and spend time with Marzia as well as with his family and friends :)
8 minute video im distracted by that gigantic headphones, what are those? Seem so comfortable ,  Anyone know what brand is that ?
Been watching this guy since forever and I will probably never stop watching his content. You are a amazing human being Felix, cheers.
Pewdiepie you're awesome! You're doing what you gotta do, living you're life and doing amazing things!
at this point im just glad that he is doing what he loves and willingly sharing it with us. It's like berserk, not everything requires closure.
Don't quit ur goated
the best pewdiepie is a pewdiepie having a good time
You have not peaked! Please don't leave us! but no seriously, Do what you feel is right for you :)
Your vlogs and other videos for the past couple years are the best content for me, if I see a new video I know it will make my day better. Seeing you and Marzia enjoying your life motivates me to do better myself. Honestly, I hope you won't quit and just continue having fun with your videos <3
As long as you keep uploading. I will keep watching your video. Been watching since 2014 and every video you’ve uploaded never disappoint. Every type of content you’ve made always been a blast for me. Thank you for keep uploading King and i’ll watch every video you upload in the future.❤️❤️
We love you, Felix
The lower cadence of videos is actually nice.  If he was just playing amoungus like 4 times a week it would all blend into mush, but now when a video comes out you know it’s special
I love your videos about Japan there are are so just nice
We always want you to be happy Felix. As a fan I don't feel let down. You've made great content for so long , you deserve to enjoy Japan and to do what you want with the channel. We just like seeing you be who you are <3
❤️
I have really been enjoying all the videos recently and you can really see how Felix seems much more happy and less stressed. I'm personally so happy he didn't quit and I love how he has been focusing on things that are fun for him. That's really all I want for this channel. And ofc it's up to Felix how much of his life in Japan he wants to share with us and I've enjoyed seeing the community being quite wholesome and just happy for him. I have been watching his channel since I was a pre teen and would be very sad if he quit so I'm happy he is having fun again!
I literally don’t care. You’re cringe and sanctimonious now and yes you do sound preachy. You’ve jsut forgotten how normal people live
I actually like the content now as well it’s chill and aesthetically calming… keep up pewds we’ll support you and marzia
YOU ARE THE REASON WHY EVERYONE IS HERE IN YOUTUBE COMMUNITY. i watched this man 10 years ago, started with amnesia, 100 ways to die, outlast, the last of us, and many more! Didn't even disappoint anyone. You should be proud pewds! Because the reason why I'm here is you making laughable, scary and many more contents and making us smile to the fullest everyday. Thankyou pewds, Brofist 👊
Maybe you could use your channel in a way that doesn’t involve you making videos or content yourself, that way you can retire but still make use of your channel
I’ve basically grew up with you, I think it’s been almost ten years since I first saw a video on your channel and since then I was looking forward to seeing more. You are a part of my teen years and continued to be a part of me through university and then in my adult life. Thank you Felix for everything honestly, I will support your decision no matter what and you’ll always remain a guy I’d always turn to when I felt sad, happy, overwhelming with life in general or just bored. Thank you for all the years of happiness you brought me and many many others
I'm happy you stayed Pewds :) I always get a spark of joy when you post a new video
I honestly love the uploads being once in a while   It’s like nice surprise
Such a W person bro wtf
OI FELIX IF U QUIT IM GOING TO find u and il make ur pillow lightly warm just so its anoying
waltuh
Pewds, it’s nice to see you happy about how your life is going. Personally I’d be heartbroken if you’ll leave YouTube cuz your videos helped me many times since 2013. You made me laugh and distracted from non-resolvable problems.  If in any life I will meet you, I will say thank you for being here. Спасибо
I love you pewds every time you upload it makes my day 🤜
lmao (ik kinda weird) but for some reason i feel like felix is my big brother like he had a big influence on my thru out the years i don’t really have that strong of a bond with my brother but damn lol ik this wont be seen by anyone or anything but honestly thank you pewds for being my “big brother” keep doing what u love and enjoy ur time at japan
I wish book review would come back
Give us money ~ 🤑
your headphones sucks bro
Mr.Beast might surpass you in the future but for me you still the best Youtuber. 🙏🏻🙏🏻
You are a good person, Felix. Do what makes you happy!
I love how pewds changed as a person as well after his move to Japan, it's like witnessing a side of him we never get to see before
Love u😘😘
He hasn't peaked and is still number 1.......           just 3 times over ........  111 😏
hes maturing and so is the content love to see what you do next even if you retire you earned it
addiction
We can all appreciate the lone fact that you need to clarify it's reflecting and not complaining. A hobby made into career as your own gives people the opportunity to look up to you and expect so much. Personally, I feel like you've made a name for yourself and deserve to continue doing what you enjoy doing... and that does include allowing yourself to reflect.   I know you may not read this, and granted I'm quite a ways younger than you (so my words may not mean much) but am glad for the ways things turned out for you- from all those years watching before to now and the fact that you chose to reflect as I know self reflection helps me 10 fold.   *classic brofist* 👊 also have fun surfing!!
Why is "PewDiePie's Tuber Simulator" in the desc as the game he's playing????
please don't watch if you have heart problems
These headphones are the best but they look funny on you
You chill on production, and yet you peak on quality.  Your retired days have been the best post credit scene
FRIDAYS WITH PEWDIEPIEEEEEE. Have always loved ur vids and content and will always support your decisions mang. Thanks for years of content and laughs❤️
I would say I view the meme reviews as mini internet time capsules. It's neat to look back on them to see where the internet was at that point in time
I love how humble our Pewds is 🥺 .  . And who dafaq are people who want him to Quit?
Don't Quit!!! Keep doing music please, and gameplays when you enjoy it
I still enjoyed watching pewdiepie vlogs tbh so tf is wrong with people say’s you should quit
How long before he becomes a staple on japanese variety shows?
before watching felix, i used to watch other youtubers, and most or at least some have toxic mindset, like ethan from h3 lol, but a the time, i thought it's normal. then when i watched poods, i realized, how toxic they are because of how different felix is to them. i later again realized that i sorta been unintentionally copying those toxic youtubers' thinking.  I've been watching felix since that point, and can see the results of how his view of the world and thinking changed me. sounds like an advertisement but it is all true.
After watching Pewds since I was a kid, I really feel that I’ve grown up with him throughout his channel’s journey. After all the backlash he’s gone through, he deserves this more than ever. I’m really proud of you Pewds! You’ve done such amazing work and have been loyal to your bros, so now it’s our turn to be loyal to you. We need to support you in this new chapter in life and do YouTube the way you’ve always love to do. Thank you for everything! ♥️ Bro fist 👊🏼
Of course you get to relax and enjoy your life and do whatever you want, you are a great part of my life and many others, you left your print on the world and that is an achievement not many people will ever reach. We will watch and enjoy your videos and if want to stop uploading we will understand and support you 👊❤❤❤❤
I think the best way of describing why I am still here and watching, is that change is one thing that you have embraced.  Growing up whilst watching your journey, I also have looked back at the stupid stuff, and my own stupid self.   Originally here for the comedy, memes & the gaming, then the life journeys to and from.  Now Japan, wholesome journeys, and much more.  It's a unique experience, and I don't think that anything else compares to youtube.
I'm so glad you didn't quit, at this point it is you that's driving this channel not the content, whether it's book review, gaming, meme review, vlogs or commentary videos, it's all fun to watch because it is YOU that's doing it! you're a genuine person with good morals and pretty self aware which draws people more into you, I literally can't think of any other you-tuber who can do the variety of content that you do and is still interesting to watch, filming what you actually love and interested in rather than being content or trend driven was the best decision you made cause we can clearly see that you enjoy it and it makes us drawn more to what you do, can't wait to see your new chapter in Japan ^^~~
Growing up watching this dudes videos feels amazing, brings smile on my face every time. Im from Malaysian and we  love you Felix!! Always be on your side
NICE headphones!!!!!  Good video too :)
There's no pressure anymore pewds, just produce the content you really want to make.
mwah
Come to Shikoku boy
Felix feels like a relatable friend although he has a completely different life, somehow he is always relatable and down to earth
Pls don’t quit I still watch you
49mins ago 235k views
YOO HERE IN 48 MINUTES
I just wanna say, I've been watching you for forever now. And I never cared what you did, as long as you enjoyed it yourself. I watch your channel for you as a person, so just keep being yourself!
Bruh how many days to upload yours
I really appreciate how open this was, I think it’s pretty honorable in your position to continue for fun and for those who still watch rather than worrying about numbers and leaving due to lack of them. thanks for sticking around pewds
I love u pewds just keep on doin what u love ill always support you
Purrr bestie do whatever makes u happy 🤪🤪
You were my childhood bro. Thank you
This is the opening scene to the sequel movie to pewdiepie v t-series, this time it's mr. Beast v someone else and pewdiepie is the old vet who helps him.
Don’t stress about your channel, and just enjoy japan with marzia 🤍 Upload whenever you want to. At the end of the day, we’re still here to support you pewds! 🎉
And we love that you share your journey in Japan and showing us the country, cause some of us don't have the moeny to travel there, so thank you ♥
You do you, just know your uploads are appreciated and we wish you the best.
Dude even his fingers have gotten gains wtf…good for you man enjoy your success in Japan with your wife that’s all that matters be happy!
No matter how long you leave or take a break. I’ll always be happy to see that notification on my phone for when you do upload or even rewatch old videos   Much love and best of wishes to you dad I mean Pewds 😂
Dude feels lame about uploading for stuff that's gonna change and now he forced a ton of people to update the all brofist videos
We still love you pewds we’re just glad you were able to stick around for us as well❤️❤️
We will be never bored
you stay, we stay. you make videos, we watch them. happy to see you find your way. enjoy the life, do what you love to do, we all support you!
Enjoy your life bro 👊
Big love from Israel
Really i never felt felix quit yt bcs i always see his clips🤣 watching old clips even tho i already seen it feels like nostagia.
You will always be our king
People need you Pewds, don't quit just take it easy
A lot of love for this channel ❤️
Stay awesome bros
Bro what are those wack ass headphones 💀
The absolute original gigachad of YouTube the King of YouTube, keep it up king 👑
Im so happy Felix didnt quit! I'm loving the Japan content.
really happy for you pewds
dude ive been watching you for 10? ive been through the good, the bad, and the ugly of this channel, somethings i liked, somethings i didn't, i laughed with you, i got frustrated, angry, and i cried with you, i grew up, as i watched you grew as well, ill be here until you quit, and when you do quit, ill probably stay, incase you come back someday, to tell me how you've been, once in awhile.
We love you dude, easy to forget you aren’t a youngster anymore and naturally grown out of trends and content you used to make!
actully Im loving more this type of content,  but kinda miss your minecraft days tho... its so fun to watch
That was so wholesome
At this point, brofists are just as good as hugs, even when it's through a screen. Glad to see you doing well, pewds. Us bros will always support you.
I’m happy with you here but if you leave i think we would all understand but stay around for long as you lease mate we love you bud.
Don't quit
Me discovering him from a friend by sharing his Skyrim video then watching all of it, from a Let's Play youtuber to now uploading whatever he wants I'm down with it. Especially his Japan vlogs and/or whatever he uploads at least he has gone way past pleasing people and now people finally understood that he has always been doing it for his own purpose.  Glad he still has the fun vibe of creating videos since he is an og and monetized videos weren't a thing back then, it's all just creativity and having fun.
💗
Just be you Pewds, we would still be here... All the 19 and 9 year olds, the floor gang, big PPs, and lastly the Bros... We will still watch and support you, Go My Dude...
I genuinely thought that was titled "why did I quit" and got nervous.
If pewds ever quits, I'll still have a lifetime of vids to watch on his channel since I haven't exactly been keeping up since pre-Bitch Lasagna era. Just tuning in from time to time to see if he's still alive, watching a handful of videos then I go off do something else
Sometimes I feel like these types of videos are better raw footage + cuts without zooming or editing because the message is genuine, the editing makes it seem otherwise. Idk
Pewdsiepay pewdsiepieeee
That is what you call love for something
love you dude, stay happy.
What are those headphones again
Never stop uploading, u can uplaod once in a month and do collabs with ken on his channel i really enjoy those. Your videos are educational in a way.
I get a werid vibe from this video it's like you keep feeding the void but to no success whatsoever, I predict that late or sooner you will start looking through religions.
This is the best Pewdiepie timeline
WE LOVE YOU FELIZ✨❤️
Just do you Felix, you'll probably have fewer views but who cares? As long as you're happy it doesn't matter anymore
.
I've been watching your vids since 2013 and I love how your youtube channel evolved up to this point and so far growing up with your contents today's contents feels so relaxing to watch I enjoy every video you make and I hope you continue to do so, Don't mind what other ppl would say since they'll never be satisfied with what you do so just do what you love pewds we'll support you no matter what.
WE LOVE YOU FELIZ✨❤️
pewdiepies journey of grinding is almost at an end.
i love you Poopiepie! <3
Wait?! You live in Japan?
You have nice head phones
Pewds, we appreciate you regardless and we'll support you in whatever you choose to do going forward, it's your life at the end of the day, so you're entitled to living it the way you want to ❤
He officially an INTP 🙃
RIP Poppy Gloria
Beastmaster69..!!
Tbh mate I'm just glad you're doing the things that make you happy. We're about the same age, I grew up with your content, I watched both you and the content change and grow over the years and where you've arrived now feels just right. Good on you Felix. Keep on keeping on.
Please DON'T QUIT!!!! EVERRRR 😭
I think most of your fans like your character more than the content. At least for me, I didn't subscribe to you just because of your content. I subscribed to you because of your character (it's quite appealing). So you can do whatever you want as long as you're happy. I'll still watch your videos.
Wow
Peweds is perma creative blocked. if you need new video ideas let it flow with time, when you do the videos random its not fun
Pewds channel is in the same era rn as the aftermath of long tv shows coming to an end and seeing all the cast members actually be real people and move onto different things
Go box michael reeves lol
Character development be like
I enjoyed the gaming videos for sure but honestly these more chill vloggy videos are awesome and im so glad to see him just enjoying his life.
Who are you?....
If you do quit I wish you all the luck and thank you for the childhood 🫡 best YouTuber ever in my opinion tbh
Love you Felix! Also please go surfing in Ireland sometime, you would love it!
He just finnished The game and now he will enjoy The side quests ❤️
Brofist Felix <3
I didn't know you retired you keep uploading lol
Your content lately is actually very refreshing and with good quality. Just go on it at your own pace Pewds. What you've built here in youtube will last forever. Thanks for still staying and letting us join you in your next chapter of your life.
I wonder if you liked doing the book reviews. Those were really deep in thought and it be cool for some videos like that again but I love your attitude. You make your videos how you want because you have that freedom :)
Good luck my guy ❤️ good move
PewDiePie was my childhood tbh.
I'm glad he is enjoying his content, it really shows.
oo
Why would u quit? Dnt quit man
we love the vlogs. keep em coming
It has been like 1 year from when i watched pewds last and not to be mean or anything but he dose look like he aged
I feel like we've grown up with you. Now, to watch you and Marzia vlogging in Japan, is like following the adventures of one family member through social medias. You didn't watch closely, but I accomplished so many things with you by my side. Thank you for being part of my life for so many years, Felix.
Ngl I just don't care about the japan content
Just happy that your doing what makes you happy
I can't thanks you enough for what you have done for us. You really help me through tough time, watching your videos alway brings me joy and made me smile (especially your vlog). You have teach me a lot of things like how to views the world and dealing with depression/anxiety. You've made me want to improve and work on myself more and I'm pretty sure that most of us think the same. Much love pewd<3 brofist👊  *Edit: I watch your videos since I was 9. and I don't understand any English, right now I'm 17 now but my English is still poor, but that's not the point. What I'm trying is you're like a brother/teacher to me and I really appreciated you, it's mean so much for me. And I really hope you the best.(not in parasocial way)  (I genuinely sorry for my bad English)
U wasted ur entire youth on yt lol and r u aware that half ur subs r bots?
5:52 Ah so NOW you ''figured'' it out AFTER taking advantage ofcourse
Happy for you Felix 💜 Keep enjoying life and we will always be here to support you!
finally youve turned into a human being again!
Man you literally onehundredpercented the game! Good job man, have a wonderful life!
Enjoy life Pewds!
That’s fine, your viewerbase has also grown with you and we can appreciate your current content. Just do you!
He's like our middle school teacher that we always liked . Even when we are away or have moved on. The support is still kickin'
Please never quit! But also don't feel pressure, upload what you want, when you want. Thank you for all the fun times
Man remember his 2016-17 era
Kids listen to you mate.. Be a voice for them as much as you can man!   Best way to go out is to get cancelled = Legend
I'd like more videos about books
👍
You’ve made your mark in the world, you’re a legend in my book! Thank you for all the years of laughs and adventure 🤍 I’ve been watching you since I was 13 I’m nearly 22. You helped me through a lot, you helped a lot of us. Now its your turn. You do what you need to do and we will always be here! 😁
Love u pewds <333
I placed Pewdiepie(statue) in the closet at home. And now I am enjoying watching Felix.
Чомусь почало тебе рекомендувати
Though i dont have a youtube channel nor fans, i feel like quitting and abandoning your channel and fans will make you feel very lonely. You have been talking to your fans for years that you get used to it thinking like its now a part of your life, but now you dont want to do it anymore. Keep doing what you really want to do pewds. We are here to support your decision.
It’s crazy how I’ve grown as a person during his career too, always been something I’ve came back to from time to time
I like that your channel was constantly changing. Don’t think about it to much and enjoy what you are doing. Also it shows to try out new things and that inpires me :)  Also if you want to watch just a specific type of videos there are so many other creators who serve this demand.  So feel freely to upload like you want and keep the good work up 💪🏻
Who the frick telling "to quit". Stop.
Im so happy for you man, and thank you for that brofist today, needed it :), cheers❤️
Pewds, you will always be you, no matter how strong changes are. Don't stress about it. We are here with you and we are not gonna go anywhere any time -soon- ever. Live -live- life. Love, bros.
Yay sieve gets to keep his job lol
But, we want you to measure our pee pee's pewds!!
Don't quit Felix! Even without the videos such as gaming,Etc posting whatever you like is one of the best things I watched at!
Man.. made me tear up a bit. It is probably impossible to grasp how many people his content has reached and I think everyone who still watches him appreciates any kind of video he makes. In the end it's Felix himself that makes what a pewdiepie video is.. a cool, wholesome dude being himself unapologetically:)
You do you and we'll be here to support you, that's that.
i love u pewds my bro
Hey! Felix why don't you try to make horror game videos or maybe playing Roblox.
I always appreciate when he talks about what on his mind. ❤
Beastmaster69 definitively should hunt some of the mythical japanlore monstrosities.
We want one comeback Pewds, just one more video of edgy Pewdiepie, not now of course but some day, when you feel like it..... for good old times
Love you always ❤
Pewds your a true gamer never forget
why that headsrt so big
loving the bookshelf behind
In my heart you was the first to get 100million subs, just do what you want to do and we will always be here to support you
he seems need a another bigger goal in life to change, but at least he want to having fun maybe later he know what to do next
👑
We all love you ❣️
That realisation of not caring about the nos. and not feeling bad when ya lose some subscribers seems pretty hard.Proud of you man  Edit:I also like how we're on such good terms with pewds that even if he doesnt have an outro we dont give a shit.That little snort at the ebd is all we need
i love laid back pewds
❤️
He is just that guy you can't hate.
I will still support you and your channel no matter the process. It is truly rejuvenating for you, your content, and for me also as to what to watch on the Internet. Thank you for that. *BUMP FIST*
Just post whenever you want pewds as a hobby and youll still get a few million views. Youve made enough money to last a lifetime and more, so enjoy your life and have fun.
pewds do be looking tan
Just came to this video from your Minecraft playlist. As much as I enjoy that content, I enjoy the fact that you seem super happy. Appreciate you, dude.
do not ever quit ! as long as you do what you enjoy doing, I will need that energy more than a gfuel on the corner of my desk (need you a lot lol <3)
UR very epic
I have been watching him since 2017 when I was 11. It's been a wild ride. I thank you for all these years of memories and entertainment.
Ly man
He retire.??
I know it’s inevitable, but the day will come, and the world will cry.
dispite everything, it's still you and us
You keep doing you bro. Not every piece of content you make is going to appeal to your whole audience and thats totally fine. It sounds like you've found peace and thats great to see. A lot of people don't get that the YouTube grind can really take over your life, I can't even imagine the added stress of having so many people to please on top of that.  Keep doing you man and enjoy retirement
I hope you really find joy on making content Pewds, i remember being stressed watching your content cause there was so much that i couldn't keep track of everything you did. You really went through every possible type of content and drama even when you died, it shows when you enjoy doing content. Keep it up.
luv u pewds
My nigga what are those cans on ur head
I don't care if how many views or subs I get, as a small youtuber as long I enjoy it and make youtube into a fulltime job I would be happy, so seeing the numbers go up all the time isn't good. so I totally understand what Felix is trying to say.
Do what you want! We will be here for you!
We love you, man. Just do what you like doing and we will be happy to know you're doing good in life
People value the mass and dedication in entertainment but the honesty and change build the authenticity for people to stick with something or someone in the long run.
Okay but why did I get teary eyed at the brofist. I feel like the main reason I was able to continue to watch Felix over the decade was because we matured together. Started in 8th grade, now in my post grad job. Keep on keeping on!
We love you, when you feel that's time to quit we'll support you as always <3
You’re great
do you still edit your own vids from time to time?
Love you felix nd always will.
its hard for content creator to survive, Youtube shorts is now META sadly
Please don't ever stop YouTube Felix, ik this might sound lame and like if i am forcing you but no. You can upload whatever the hell you want, the Bros don't care. Even if you'd upload a video once every year I'd still wait for it every single day. My life won't be the same without you in it. thank you for everything  pewds <3
Id be sad if U left lmao
Love ya Felix
We want PewDiePie jr!
Fell in love with you and your content ever since the amnesia lets plays and the minecraft video I saw before. I'll support you no matter what brotha.
PewDiePie, Markiplier, Jacksepticeye, these legends keeping me alive everyday 🤧💞
I’m glad he stopped doing these fake videos that cater to the media and dumb kids, I stopped watching him for soooo long because I hated his content, I started watching in 2012 and I’m just glad he’s finally back to himself, and reaping from all of his hard work. I’m so proud of you pewds. You finally came home.
you need money
Sir I am your big fan
this is so refreshing to hear. I've been watching him since I was 7 and sure I wasn't as "loyal" as all the other fans but he raised me and geniunely taught me alot even tho he's undeniably problematic. In fact, I think his growth and reflection from all his wrongdoings was what really helped me too. Anyways, I'm glad hes not quitting, deep down i think we all knew he wasn't going to quit, his passion thrives here. Even tho I'm not a big fan of his content right now, I'm glad to see that he's being transparents to the viewers and doing what he enjoys again :)
anyone don't wanna talk about how big his headset are??!?!
big headset big brain
So incredibly grateful to have the influence of pewds on YouTube. He’s got countless people into philosophy (myself included) and working out and having a really well rounded approach to life. So excited for whatever the future holds :)
We love you Pewds, no matter what you decide what to do with the channel we'll always be here man.
Dont quit. Its fine if you're rarely(i kinda hope not) upload, just dont quit please 😭
Do something u just more enjoyable and sustainable. I had a period of time just like u, focus on results,then i 'retired'
I don't get how he's still on youtube after saying the hard R smh
the japan vlogs are geniunely my favorite type of video you ever made, keep doing it as long as you want to!
I know you enjoy Japanese art and literature, so I recommend the Taro Okamoto Memorial museum in Tokyo and the Taro Okamoto museum of art in Kawasaki. You can also see a large painting of his in Shibuya station.
you can quit when you will give me like one more minecraft season
i watch you from amnesia and i feel you deserve to have fun now, Your vlog on japan bring me happiness, do what you want to do we still love you, brofist
WE LOVE YOU 🖤🖤🖤
You know the truth. Its bc you don't want to eat your left ball. DONT HIDE IT. (for some context pews said that if he ever quit YouTube he will eat his left nut. Dont believe me? LOOK IT UP?
I support anything you decide to upload. I'm happy you're enjoying life. That's the most important
I know you'll never see this. But I appreciate you, man. I wish you nothing but the best. Keep doing whatever you want to do!
I don’t really see you as “Pewdiepie” anymore I just see Felix. Calm, honest and more wise. We really want you to be happy, I don’t think I’m alone in saying that we would be content on you retiring and enjoying your life or uploading every now and again. Just do what makes you happy, we will support you either way. 👊
Much love. Upload when you want and do what makes you happy with the videos
I instinctively brofist my screen as soon as Felix raised his fist. 👊 Glad you're happier now!
Here before 2 million views
Been watching you since my friend on gta iv told me about you, probably been like 8-10 years since then, my longest subscription over all my accounts😄
Pewds this is literally just you doing your side quests, you already did the main quests and now you're just trying to 100% it
Have you gone into headphones & the rabbit hole that is audiophiles? I see you have that fancy pair of Audeze
Bruh
More Japan.. Maybe transform to be kawaii girl pewdiepie pls
Please 🙏 Don't quit PewDiePie i need you 😈😈
his headphone is big ass hell
All the love Felix, we support you no matter what you do on YouTube ,keep doing what you and we’ll always be there to share the memories with you 🤍
Felix looks so happy
My kids tried to get me watching pewds and jack septiceye years ago, but I felt like it wasn't really aimed at me. Weirdly I've found myself watching them both over the last year and find them funny as fuck. I guess I connect with the later evolutions of the channels. You gotta grow and change and do what's right for you. Glad pewds is happy chillin and enjoying it more. Still entertains me personally and I've found the Japan vlogs really cool and interesting.
damn maybe next time youll quit bud
Felix was on the same path as me I am at university and I have really comprehended how long living a 9-5 will be . We love depression
Make videos which you think are fun and enjoy doing.   We know this. You know this. This is what I thought you were doing for a very long time. But I think you forgot about your own way of enjoying things
We love your videos don't quit YouTube 😂😇😇😇😇😢😥😰
I'm happy you're happy but I do miss Beastmaster lol
Dankpods headphones
more chill minecraft videos would be absolutely amazing felix if you ever feel like doing it
no matter what the content is. we will still love you regardless.
I wanna give you a hug so much for just letting me watch and grow with as a person as well as learn from you in many ways. Thank you so much for giving me wonderful memories in times when I did need it and even when I didn't need it thank you Felix.
*THIS MAN NEVER DISSAPOINT US MAKE TO US LAUGH 😂😂😂*
Love u felix, 😭thanks for the brofist. Just wanted to say even if u feel they were distractions we had a lot of fun because they were entertaining and because it was u who was doing it. We can all look through the memes on the reddit but it's u who make the time spent special.
Ha I remember when you said the n-word
Brofist, Pewds 👊
I watch pewds from time to time, looking at whatever he does he gets so many views. Pewds you can do whatever you want, do what makes you happy :)
I started watching you when you first became a channel. Outlast was like my first series to ever watch from you. I think you forget sometimes, Felix, that your fan base literally grew up with you. I'll be 21 this month so most of us too are just living the adult life. There might still be a few young ones. But what I'm saying is we're okay with this because like you were just living out our new lives as adults. I support you forever! I'm just so happy you're happy! ❤️
Please do not quit youtube, you’re the reason why i watch youtube
W
Early dangg
Please don’t quit
Good for you man.  I’d be disappointed if you don’t drop a new fake distrack on the guy hot on your heels of passing you in subs, MrBeast!  I think you owe it to him to make a fake distrack on him, maybe even colab with him on it.  He’s a huge fan of yours, and he’s been trying to go to Japan recently, so I’m pretty sure he’d be down for that.
I just appreciate you still upload after all these years, youtube wouldn't be the same without you! me and my partner love watching your japanese vlogs!
Just like how we stop watching the same YouTubers every now and then, why should we expect them to stay the same and make the same type of videos? For instance, I know that I would watch a YouTuber and then suddenly stop watching them because I got older and that I would rather watch something/someone different. That's why I get annoyed when people would complain when a YouTuber "is not the same anymore" because why can we change but not them? We all change and will do different things, so it really sucks when people expect someone who has done YouTube for years to continue to do the same shit. Although the day will come where Felix actually does quit, I'm really proud at how much he has grown over the years and does the things he wants to do without the expectations of people from internet.
Yes, how dare you not make literally all of the people happy with your videos. Failure!  I'd say your channel changed for the better.
Can you play rumble verse with me please felix
book review! book review please!
The fact that Felix keeps answering the same question for the past 2 years disturb me. Maybe most people don't get it, just let the dude enjoy what he is doing for god sake.
have always loved your channel. such a comfort to me and so many others <3 you made my childhood and teenage years so much better fr.
Im okay with the videos you are making whether its gaming or anything really just be yourself Felix we will always watch the video's you make just keep going 👊
गर्व से कहो हम हिन्दू है🙏🚩
You earned this, Felix. Take all the time you need to enjoy everything you've achieved right now. We will always be supporting your decisions. We love you!
Hi Felix, I am one of these subscribers that always watch your videos but never comment much. Thanks for sticking around. Feels always good to get one video from you once in a while. YouTube will never be the same without you.
When you have fun, we have fun also!
6:57 brofist ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Looking back, wow you've been thru a lot.. 10 years and counting,  wow. And somehow I feel like growing up with your content? Because back then, all those years ago, when you do the gaming and the screaming, I enjoy that. And then the changes, I enjoy it too, it felt fitting and now the more chill content, I love it too cuz I guess I'm getting more mellow, like I'm easily tired with cheerful videos. I'm just so glad my fav youtuber grows and in my opinion, is getting better and better.
I always loved the philosophy videos, I been wanting to make stuff, short films, skits, informative stuff I find interesting. I don’t think anyone realizes how lucky we are someone like PewDiePie got big, didn’t sell out, do their song and dance, push some kind of narrative, or be a jerk in general.  I legit like YouTube in this way alone, cause they do suck. Markiplier, jacksepticeye, pewds, they clearly are good people and you do not get that from legacy or mainstream media.  You want to laugh like the days when felix fell out of the closet? Oompaville is hilarious.  But I’m glad felix is doing his own thing.
Thank you for everything, over all these years watching your channel i feel like ive always had a friend to laugh with through your videos.  Crazy to see you grow as a person and to see these changes in you as you matured etc, although you've always been a good person. I cant watch every video due to me being a full fledged adult now (22) and im glad you have been uploading less frequently so i can finally keep up again haha. I hope you don't truly quit but at the same time hope you take you time and enjoy the life you built through your hard work!!
It is interesting to see Felix grow as a person. Not saying he's an old man but he is maturing as is the content. It is fascinating to watch. Be true to you Felix!
Loveu ❤️     I am not gay though
Being part of the "war" was a huge thing to me back then, glad that the winner is still standing till this day
These comments got me like 🥲thank you guys
To be honest.. i don't watch your videos for entertainment reasons anymore.. it's like a bond that we made .. you made with us.. nd now i just want to know what's going on your life.. and how are you.. like talking with a dear friend time to time.. that's how i feel at least..
I'm glad. Thank you pewds for everything. I enjoy your videos because you do genuinely do it for fun.
Do what you want lol nobody's pushing you it's your life
I just love Felix for uploading vlogs from time to time. It's very nice to see him having fun in Japan after they moved there.
Youre living in the post credits scene of your career lmao
All the best Pewds, but are you not going to talk about how the headset is almost half your head!  Would like a nice set up video again, would be fun!
I feel in the same spot. In college, on a career path, but I also would really like to start getting serious with YouTube.
Dude you made me tear up toward the end here. Thinking about everything you’ve been through and I’ve been through watching your videos over the years. I did use you as a distraction. I’m so proud of you and to see where your family is. Keep doing what you’re doing man. We love you
Felix a W
What.. are you wearing... circular subwoofers on your ears?
❤
Just hanging out with your old pal or the closest bro like ken, that content is enough for most of us
Pewds, I really appreciate that after all these years you still make the vids and give us little updates every couple weeks. Seeing that you're continuing to do well and enjoying life brings me hope that someday I can be happy and healthy doing exactly what I want to do and feel good exactly where I want to be. It's a huge motivator / inspiration. Thank you for staying in our lives and bringing us a good time to chill :)
I love this channel after you "retire". We will support you whatever you want to do Felix. Enjoy your life! *bro fist*
I genuinely  feel  that  Pews  is  really Happy  and  living  his  life to the fullest
What kind of headphones do you have?
I respect you for this bro. It's great to see you living your life and enjoying it. God bless you from Nee Zealand :)
thank you pewds for all these years its been lovely
a W man a W video a W channel  Felix = W dont stop doing what u are doing
I know you may not read this Felix, but I have really been enjoying the vlogs and Ken content. Also Marzia's editing for the vlog videos fits really well. So for what its worth, I am glad you didnt quit so we could watch this change and follow you and your wife on this new adventure in Japan.
Big mf inspiration. Big supporter since I was 10yo. Growing up within the community was so fun, thank you boys. Words can't describe how proud I feel for Felix and the 9yo army
Why do you don't quit, want to earn some easy cash from YouTube, you honestly don't deserve to be the #1 individual creator now, as you aren't putting any effort in your content, you accused t series of sub bots but they still get views way more than their sub count and look at your channel(dead af). Guess you had sub bots 🤣🤣, happy to see your downfall
Ngl I prefer you doing less vids. It makes the videos you do do(hehe) more meaningful
I'm glad you didn't quit. You were the start of my love for YouTube. I think for most people who use YouTube as their primary social media and content source, you were likely the start for all of them.
GG
This is my favorite version of Pewds. Be happy Felix, it's contagious.
Pewds, been watching you for years. You deserve everything you've achieved and I'm really happy for you, time for a new perspective and chapter in life (with youtube being a part of it)
It was never about any materialistic things, it was always about us and the random shit he did.
Don't quit keep doing it may as well. What else are you going to do?
You don’t have to quit you are the best pewds
👊
waitting for ur next jp vlog, just uplord anytime when u feel want to, it's ok if u don't too :D
You, Jack, Mark, and Ken were my go-to youtube gamers back then. Glad to see you still doing yt for fun and still living your life
👊🏼
“Content” has two meanings. I’m glad to see new content on your channel … but more than that, I’m glad to see that you, sir, are content.
Dont quit ma man
We love you. Do whatever you feel is comfortable, and I am sure everyone will be supporting you.
GODANDOWNEROFYOURSOUL123
And I'm still waiting for your new Minecraft videos 🥹
I saw you got a Power rack and decided to buy one as well. Very good investment for anyone thinking about working out.
Yo we have the same headphones! you have great taste sir.
ashews
What about playing deadpool again?
Thanks for being honest with us❤️❤️❤️
You do you, as long as we do what we love people come and goes. Happy for you man
Let us also enjoy Japan! 😀
You do you, even if you quit and still put out videos I’ll watch happily. Your videos, especially recent ones, always left a smile on my face
You weren't getting anything of the money ? Sounds like you got one helluva garden providing food and medicine :) I bet the furniture is all wood from the trees you have grown too.
Why does it look like he has waffle makers on his head?
Grew up with you bro. While I'm not so avid on your videos, I've been watching ever since I was like 9 and I'm 19. So straight up, keep on shining man. Hope you enjoy Japan!
Don't quit man
Absolutely understood!
Enjoy your life bro, cant wait to see what you'll be up to. I've been here since around 15 and I'm now 23. There are some youtubers that will always be in my heart, and subscription box, no matter what's uploaded; and you're one of them. Have fun making videos bro, those are the best; when the video maker is having fun and happy with the product so you do you bro. Ill be here ready to thumbs up and enjoy the time
❤️
BARRELS!!!!
Thank you don't quit I enjoy the Japan content 💙
The quality of this video 😚👌🏼
I was panicking man thank you for not entirely quitting. I always find your content relaxing, enjoyable, funny and also a mix of so many things and I look up to you a lot because of your amazing personality and how you kept going when there was a lot of obstacles in your way but you still kept going and overall you're an amazing person for me I just can't put everything in words man keep uploading man it really makes me and a lot of people happy it does. I might have sounded quirky but I really like you, enjoy Japan with Marzia.
👊Bro fistttt
Meanwhile im preparing for my post anime depression on the pewds series
No matter how the channel goes, even if all 100M of sub is gone, Pewds will always be himself. Respect bro.
Please dont quit 😭😂 thank you for uploading!
I mean at some point he is going to legit retire not quite but just hang up the hat and that will be a strange day.
Good Felix 😊🤭
Man I check up on you once every few months like your my highschool friend that I hope is doing well as an adult, I feel this weird sence of pride seeing you grow and improve as a person, truly inspirational
I’ve been here since 2011 and I can’t imagine a world without you and I don’t want to but as a fan I will always support whatever you feel is best for you and Marzia <3
thank you for all the joy and laugh you gave me in the past years, completely ok with you enjoying your own time~ speaking of surfing, care to tell us the story of you and diving and big fish?
how come u dont add borfiste in comment box???? anymor
It’s hard to relate
Thanks for sharing stuff with us. I really like this new Felix, more serious and mature
What a legend
👍🏼
どぉーもー
luv you dude
pls dont quit....
stop hitting your mic 😭
Bro I miss your new video drops their so dope
I'd Be sad if we lost pewds from the internet, of course its not sustainable to do it forever but i feel like these little "Retirement" Vlogs are just the right transition for pewds.   We should be happy with all the content we got to enjoy and now let him kick back and relax and watch pewds do something new like explore Japan/Korea/Asia because we really have no bearing on this guys life but still somehow have made him feel that way and we've drained so much physical time and mental energy from him selfishly wanting more and more.   wouldn't it be nice to just let someone on this platform be happy and do what they want for once? instead of selfishly asking forever for more!   Hats off to Felix i hope he continues to have fun, i think it'd be great if in his retirement he points the people wanting certain content he can no longer make to smaller channels that make that type of  content "basically meme review but channel review instead" that way people can make their own minds up on it for new gaming, comedy content etc of course its risky but i think it'd be good for the platform and for smaller creators to be pushed  like jackscepticeye was so long ago and we all know jack is a mainstay and a youtube OG now :)   Either way it'll be a sad day to lose pewds but the good thing is there is so many talented people making great content that can nod their head to felix and continue his work in entertaining and putting smiles on peoples faces worldwide and that's all we could ever ask for
I've been watching his videos since the bro army arc. One of the best times. Tbh its really hard to quit on something you nurtured over the years like you've gone through a lot of sh*t to get where you are now and the times you've spent enjoying the things you like for years.
You have our full support
Such a down to earth person mad respect 🫡  bro
So glad to hear your not quitting, and so glad you are happy with your time on youtube.
Noooo I would miss u so much 🥺❤️
we injoy u around boiii ... keep it going the way u want .. we love u bro 💪🏼🌹😊🖤
I don't think quitting YouTube is ever going to be easy, I deleted this account for awhile but brought it back because I have things I need to do here and trying to just use Bitchute & be off the internet more just didn't feel fulfilling or good to me.
I'm really happy you didn't quit. I'm a fan of you for almost 7 years and I was watching your videos every day and never got bored. And your song - Bitch Lasagna I still have that song for ringing and alarm. It's really an awesome song. Thank you for everything you've done on youtube I will always be your fan no matter what. We love you Pewds <3 BROFIST FOR LIFE!
Bro start boxing 😂
"Some things never change", including me putting my fist on my screen when Pewds doing a brofist. Not when I first watch his video on 2014 and most certainly not now
Honestly it's just good to hear from you once in a while.
It has been a pleasure to watch the arc of this journey. The huge amount of behind the scenes work, the professionalism and humor all make this an amazing experience.
Pewdy makes me want to get newdy
I love the background !
Love you bro 🦵
I'm not crying. You are!
Pewds, I remember I found your channel back in 2012 and watched your amnesia custom story videos. I loved them, you were hilarious. The content you posted always made me laugh no matter how offensive it was. I noticed around 2014 - 2015 your content became very click baity. I ended up unsubbing but I came back to watch your Minecraft play through. I understand you were trying to push your channel growth but, to me, it wasn’t genuine content. You did a lot of things that deemed you as not a good person. But ever since you moved to Japan, I noticed you have improved in your content and as a person. I ended up subscribing again. I’m glad you are enjoying life now and not stressing on publicity anymore. Seeing the brofist and doing it again brings back fond memories. I miss those days but I look forward to your future videos. :)
I miss pubg videos 😅
This is actually my favorite era of pewds videos! Just the most relaxed content ever. Just seeing what Felix is up to these days
Didn’t*
Arabk 💖
I will continue to enjoy your content as long as you continue to enjoy producing it! It has been a pleasure to be a part of your journey and growth. If one day you decide to completely step away I will wish you well and thank you for all the good times
I started watching you when I was 14, and I’m 25 now. I’m so happy to see that your happy Pewds! I love the sporadic updates, knowing that you’re creating content the way you want to when you want to.
always with u man
❤❤❤👊
Nice headphones
Can't wait for the 1 hour long video essay phase. "The down fall of PewDiePie"  Narrated by Felix Kjellberg.
Love you pewds been watching since slenderman
When pewds upload, it's the highlight of my day
Felix, don’t thank us for making it possible, YOU made it possible through your personality, humour and the hard work. We are just the fruits of your labour. This is all thanks to YOU alone.
Pew otw to become ayanokoji🗿
People really love seeing you, fr. Glad you are sticking to your guns when it comes to what you enjoy. I'll always be apart of the bro army
What a great way to start this frk day
BROFIST
Because u are great.
😭 the ending omg
i still love to see you ans see how youre getting on, plz dont quit yet
I’m happy that you’re finding fulfilment doing things you genuinely love
Pewds being the king of YouTube you shouldn't be worrying about those negative comments there are still so many of us that just want to watch your videos no matter what type they're you're connected to our childhood and thought of you quiting YouTube  makes me feel so sad
it is a social media and you are an adult come and go we will always be here
nice
Whatever floats your boat just make sure you're healthy and happy.
i like pewdiepie video
YES the brofist😭😭
No you should not quit, its already become your life.
Brofist🛢🅿️
I've been watching since I was in early teens and grew up with pewds videos. The most recent videos of japan and life have honestly been my favourite and most fun. I'm in my twenties now and love what you do, thanks for the content over the years bro!
Why you didn’t quit
Lots of good things
2:16 ''im so gratefull for all the memories and experiences i've had so far'' does that include the pubg bridge incident?
Save DOTA 2 for fun and content 👌
Felix, you do you. Most of us just appreciate you and your journey and happiness, you worked hard and entertained. You deserve it bro.
way to go pewds! <3
Happy wheels 2, you know what you need to do...
Love the book shelf
I started smiling after that brofist. Thank you Felix.
We..we love you too😭 Glad to hear you’re staying around that’s good.
You dont have to quit this can be your dairy!
Anyone else looking back at when they first started watching Pewds. I was home from school. I graduated school, graduated college and am working now, and I still love watching him.
Bring back PewdiepieXFelix collaborations 😫
Letting go of money is hard, I wish I had that problem ...
Honestly, for your channel hight now, I just enjoy seeing a happy point of veiw of life, you know? There are gamers and react channels out there. So, keep doing you. We are here tô see you, not the content per say. Just keep being happy.
God, he likes to talk about himself a lot! 😂
We love you Felix! Just enjoy yourself while sharing and we will be more than delighted!!
You have a bigger responsibility to educate, guide and share ideas with your fanbase. You are in a such a privileged (well earned!) position that you can be all of ours’ legs out in the world. Keep studying and share your findings . Love you bro 👊😎
WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEH DUH
What headphones are those, out of curiosity
6:58 i am not crying, you are
Brofist back at the monitor
I have nothing to say  so I am just gonna do this 👊🙂
I still love this channel
I love you
I feel like after all this time watching this dude go through all stages of life and craziness and drama. He went through all ups and downs and I can surely say I am glad I grew up with him. And he is the biggest example of how people change and gain knowledge from year to year. I am so glad I matured with him and I was able to learn few things from him. You are big inspiration Felix. Stay happy and take care.
hi
While I do miss some of your other content, I’m completely fine with the content that you upload right now. Sometimes I miss your old videos because they remind me of a time in my own life where things were a little more fun. In the end, I’m just happy that you’re still here. There’s still more memories to be made!
i'm really respect of who you became and will wait for whatever you will do
Its amazing on how he is still uploading videos for us. We appreciate you as always pewds, just enjoy ur life we're still here for you
In the end this channel is yours first! Upload whatever you like and we'll love watching you enjoy yourself! You changed your content so much but i always followed because of this, i think. ❤️
not to be a parasocial andy, but i’m super proud <3
It truly feels like moving to Japan was like an epic ending of a great story. And Japan Era is like an end-game content that is just as good as the main story.
Damn those headphones are gigantic
is fine fam , i also grew and now i can cope with that longer schedule cause university
Pewdiepie's story would make a great documentary
Just do what makes you happy life is long
Get a real job and stop being so lazy
personally i don’t care if you upload or not, i’m just happy to see an update when there is one! i’ll always be here regardless. and if you ever decide not to, i know it’s for your own happiness which i always say, do what’s best for you. ❤️❤️ i’ll appreciate the love you have had for the community and the wonderful times!
right on man!
Just because it is his life
Nice vid
I started watching Felix during his custom made amnesia maps which was what a decade ago? That's wild to think about. It's insane how far he's come and it's not an understatement to say that he's made a lot of our childhoods. Imo his relevancy for so long makes him the greatest YouTuber to ever live. Period
God, I miss Pew news! Youtube drama is getting worse as of today.
I rarely comment, but I do want to say I hope you never quit. I grew up watching your videos.   See ya at 200M :)
“Why continue YouTube? You have money.” How about happiness? Weirdos. Much Love Felix.
Cute video tbh
"War..... War never changes.  Men do, through the roads they walk."
At this point I just love to see and hear how his life is going, I think we can survive without the brainless YouTube entertainment type videos like ylyl
He's so relaxed and honest. So refreshing that he isn't trying hard at anything like everyone is conditioned to be like in this society. He is just enjoying the ride ~
Been with you since 2010... Just have fun poods... Call you poods cause you used to be called poods back in the day.... Bless you man... Keep it up.. still a big fan.
Its been 8 years since watching you brother,carry on
Hi Felix! I haven't watched your channel for over a year, but I've been thinking about it. Just wanted you to know that I was here today. All the best!
I'm just happy to see you happy pewd.
Just as you have grown and matured, so has your audience — mostly right alongside you. As we settle into our adulthood/families/etc., it’s really nice to watch you do the same. There will always be people who rant about “missing the old pewdiepie”, but I think I can speak for the majority of your fans when I say that we enjoyed your content then, and we enjoy this content now.
Always good to hear these updates. I havent heard about the membership fees in a while. Are they still going to charity? While I love your videos, this was the primary reason why I joined so if possible, I would appreciate an update
please post casual gameplay videos where you do not think about our entertainment and more about your enjoyment 🙇‍♂
It's been 12 years and he uploaded 4000+ videos... The key to sticking with the same thing for so long is doing what makes you happy. He's been bringing us so much joy for over a decade, so let's just support Felix for doing what he loves. He deserved it!
It is like with children: you like them small and silly but they grow up and it feels both sad and peacefully good. I guess the audiens LOVES you and not just enjoyes consuming content. These are different things.  Take care)
Post credit Pewds based and real?? Just do whatever man not everything requires all of the justification in the world. You beat the game it's your thing now tbh. Nice to hear from you always anyway.
THE BROFIST AT THE END  😭😭😭 😭
love you felix
Just stop it, you are just doing youtube for money. Dont pretend its because you like the people here on YT its because you dont know how long the money will last you have made here. Just Quit if you have good personality 😁
Never quits Felix, love the Japan stuffs and new contents. It's always nice to change things once awhile
It will be such a tragedy when you leave. When you do it’ll be such a big step in your life and we all always be so happy that you’re happy, brother. Please keep finding your peace Felix 🖤🖤🖤
He should not quit post laid back content get sponsors on every video post every 3 days And be himself atleast dont quit
We all will always enjoy watching you upload the type of content that makes you happy, for the longest time you have entertained us and we will appreciate that forever.
lm really glad you're still here pewds. After all this years Im still enjoying you, you're just fun to watch honestly 😊
Follow your heart and do what you want Felix. We'll always be there for you regardless ❤️
Didnt expect the ending, brought so many memories back in an instant 😭
PLEASE DO BOOK REVIEWS WE WOULD LOVE TO WATCH YOU TALK BOUT SOMETHING YOU ENJOY ❤️
Don't quit.
Those headphones are devouring your head
Cool
Time to hang up the gloves Felix, It's been a wild ride
Imagine you comment on this video that would be really ironic 🤣
I would cry if pewds quit YouTube but would be happy at the same time for him❤. I think every 9 years old just like to see you do what really makes you feel good and feel happy about. whatever the future holds for you felix, there are good innit and we're looking forward to it too :)
Man, I know that brofist was just a “why not” moment, but after all that Felix has been through and reflecting on what he’s done and where he’s at now - it really felt special somehow, almost cathartic. It really nailed in how much he has grown as an individual, I’m really proud of current Felix and supportive over this mental clarity. I aspire to reach this level of content one day.
Your story man, just honored to be part of it.
I miss those Meme review days. That is when I most watched and got into Pewdiepie myself.
I'm happy that you are doing you as they say. I also enjoy everything you are sharing. What you deside to do, I wish you and Marzia the best!
Hi
Youre feeling something a lot of people feel at the peek of their discipline. I would suggest looking it up to see tips on being the greatest ever at something
I've been a fan ever since slender the 8 pages. Grew up watching you. It's good to see you still making videos and especially just for fun and not for work
Honestly, the channel has become more interesting to follow lately. I can see the relief and enjoyment in your latest videos, more comfortable with the content and periodicity. Interestingly enough, the result hasn't really changed for the worse, so that means people are still into the path you're taking
It feels like Pewds has went full circle with his youtube career. It's really sweet to see.
Felix, if you're not having fun, we wont' have fun watching.
just quiet already
the post credit pewdiepie era
YouTube is your drug.
Bro don't quite I love your channel
These is wierd because I've watching you since the days when the original smosh was #1 on YouTube and I know is been a long thought trip for you, and to be honest I did feel you where not happy for a time while, that's why I actually was pro you retiring because is a strange feeling I have never seen you in person but you feel like part of my life and I kind of want to see you happy, so if you are going to keep going I'm very very happy you are doing it because you are having fun and not because you feel you have to keep going, all the love man big bro fist your way.
Did he even acknowledge that blind woman trying to start drama with him the other week?
We wanna see you getting older as we get older.
so much love for you bro ❤
Bro just quit YouTube
Reading books with pewdiepie. xdd
Im so happy that you DIDN'T "retire" and im happy that you are continuing to do youtube just for fun. I, for one, enjoy you content!
I just want some book reviews/ philosophy videos those are my favorites
Vlogs seem to be the perfect balance, you would be doing things irrespective if it was a youtube video or not. You're just making a journal for yourself and just taking us along the ride. There's no need to upload vlogs daily, just updating us on things you've already done. It's therapeutic (mostly due to Marzia's editing:) What you're doing right now, seems like perfect situation, everything slow paced and no stress for u too. But in the end its your choice and do what's best(just don't delete the channel) thanks man
do you bro if you wanna make a bunch of deep videos make a bunch of deep videos
Its hard to believe that u want to do it for fun when half the time you arent being yourself in your videos and like hold back in fear of not getting cancelled and shit  2017-18 pewdiepie will never be topped
Hi Pewds super video
That would be crazy if the name went from pewdiepie to just Felix. Not saying it should cause I love it, just a thought.
my favourite kind of videos of pewds. just talking to the audience and getting that weight off
what are those headphones, looks sweet :)
furries are degenerates
he didn't mentioned,  Lwiay even though it's full of memes there's still hope  but seriously though keep doing what you want with the changes, your a gem of youtube and we love you in everyway
Been following you since 2012 with the Silent Hill 2 vids and quite literally grew up with your content, but I gotta say, the videos you've put out in the past months (specifically the Japan vlogs) have been some of my favourite stuff in all of youtube. Ever. I think most people can tell you are having the time of your life and that positivity really shines through making that sort of content REALLY feel special. Keep doing what you're doing, Felix!
Thank you!
Felix, your videos have always reciprocated with my thoughts. In all of your phases, I have personally felt like your videos were catered to me. It is kind of weird, it may be because I grew up watching your videos and your videos matured along with my age. Now I am 23 and at this age the realization of life, work, ethics, morale, etc have come to be again in lieu with the kind of thoughts you put out in your videos. So thank you for being a mentor, a person who grew up with me. I will always be grateful for your thoughts, your satire and most importantly the message you put forward in your videos.
Because all the subs you have duh 🤦‍♂️
A lot of us watch you for your personality, humor and your capacity for growth, do what you want man, and enjoy it.
Gaming vid question mark
take us with you when you're exploring japan, sharing is caring <3
Your 9 years old are growing up with you, Pews. And we are proud of you :')
And we just want you to be happy! You and Marzia! Whatever you upload, we'll watch because it's you. You don't know us personally but we're a family. The Bro Family. And we'll support you not matter what. It doesn't matter the type of video, we just enjoy seeing you, being your true self and being happy. We love you. ❤  Bro fist. 👊🏻
Do what you gotta do mate. I personally don't give a shit as long as you're happy.
your a good men
enjoyed ur old stuff when i was younger then i dropped off/Grew older you could say lol. THEN you started Japan stuff and i dont miss a video. much love my guy <3
Hey man you have been a great inspiration for me in life and in YouTube! I wish you the best in your future endeavors!
I always understood by quitting is that he’s uploading now when he wants and what he wants not what others want   I didn’t take it as quitting forever
🌺You can quit whenever you're ready Pewds 🙂🥺 but we will miss you 😭 ✨It's amazing to have been apart of your character development, you're funny & weird and a human being. I feel like it's really good that you haven't left. You enjoy making videos which you've made into your job and as a creator too, your story is really inspirational for the modern world. There is hope and you represent that people can change and  create a career they love 🙂 so Thank you! 🌿
Love you, support you and you never let us down.
No we thank you, because you started a dream that encourage a lot of other people dreams. I hope you well and continue to do what you want to do and be happy Felix.
I Like that how Felix still uploads weekly though hes retired he seems to enjoy it being a YT Content Creator for 12 Years
You do you bruh
I have so enjoyed the Japan videos Felix! You have grown so much over the 10 years that I've been watching and I have loved every video! We as people are supposed to grow and change! ❤️
Im just really happy to be prt of your journeys felix, whatever decisions it may be i will always be here for you and support that! I grew up with you and you are a big part of my healing from depression, and I'm so excited for all the new journeys we will have felix.
Personally i just love seeing you do the things you're really into in that moment. if it changes month to moth that's fine by me
What we're truly here for? Literally watching a man grow and become happy with themselves through all the trials and ups and downs of life  True privilege  Enjoy Japan, my man Hard fought, more than well earned
I feel like I’ve been watching pewdiepie since I started going on the internet when I was a kid.
I love this laidback non stressed happy pewds❤️
Yea no reason to quit if you like doing videos. Do whatever you care about.
Grewing up with him... screaming at barrels.. doing stupid decision in games.. being just himself and he changed so much. Like some have said before, I did learned my English with him 'cause I remember when I finally understood the word "Barrel" I was so proud of learning and enjoying my times watching him being scared 😁 But now, he's so much more grown, like hell it has been 12 years already ! 😨🥲 And a little message to Felix even know you may not know us as we know you, we're glad to have seen your developpement and now the man you've become.. Also Marzia, she's the best woman I've seen, Like how could she put up with Felix sacrificing her into the lava when it came.. 🤣 By the way, it'd be fun to see you two play games like before (but maybe you do and it's just that I don't see it) Anyway i think I talk about what I wanted tge most so, Thank you Felix, Marzia, Maya the pug and the li'l king Edgar ! 🤌
Love you
Become a hacker hunter please 🙏
I'm so happy you didn't quit. You're like an unchanging part of many people's lives, it's comforting.
im glad that were  gonna be with you more time
Pewds' pop shield when his hand hits it: *bong*
It's fine Felix upload whenever you want after all it's your channel we will keep supporting you ♥️
Whether Felix quit Youtube or continue he will always be remembered as the content creator on this platform that truly made impact and change it. You do what you wants, i understand and respect your decisions. Thank you for all these years of entertainment you've provided.
Even if Pewds is retired he still keeps us updated on how and what he's doing and I really love that part of him.
this guy’s content is one of the reasons why i know english
I'm glad you are sticking around.
My man flexing freakin Audeze LCD-2(?)s, awesome headphones!  I think a few people would appreciate it if you listed the source you're using in your "My Setup" section.
Abababababba.....why you still reads comments pewds babababababa🐱
Can't wait for next season of PewDiePie
U r the best
Its just soo fun to see you do what u want to do...i would 1000% rather have this over u overburning urself and quitting
Felix,play Black Ops once a while to commemorate bros army.
Legends never quit
Man, I miss your video game videos. Forever the goat!!
It's like poetry it rhymes
Dam he really did do it all, from gaming to watered down filthy frank, reviewing books and wine to minecraft. Been 8 good years watching his vids for me, hope that it can go on for a few more 😉
Felix should try being a podcast guest somewhere. Basically any podcast would have him on. He could just pick and choose.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I grew up with Pewdiepie and got to know Felix (at least what he shows through social media). No matter the path Felix chooses, I will support it. However, it would definetly be a different regime in my lifestyle if Pewdiepie won't upload new videos (no matter the content). Yet at the same time, I support the idea that one should end it when it's the best, so I understand his point.  Anyway, thank you, Felix, for all the content you have shown us over the years. I hope you continue showing us what you like.  Good luck and keep going. If you don't keep going, that's also fine. 💫  Ps. I really really enjoy your Japan vlogs. I really like seeing you happy.
It's gonna be wild when he's 50 and posting an update in Japan once a month
I have grown with your content, 37 now, I understand the stages you have gone through because I have as well, it's part of growing up
seeing that brofist really brought back some memories
Honestly of pewds just shares his experiences in japan  from now on i would be SO happy. I just like watching pewdiepie whatever the video is.
We love you Felix ❤️❤️
Pewds.: - giving holsom speech (which i apresseate) Me being Russian : - man you really look like chebyrashka in this headphones
Go make hotdogs for losers like me. Do it now. The hotdogs are waiting. I'm waiting for my hotdog. Do it.
ooga booga make me say mom im famous
Bro I remember watching amnesia as like a 8 year old, and watching his Happy Wheels videos and thinking this was such a weird and Zany channel. Like to think he would ever be this big is kinda insane
i want to grow old watching your vid
just be you we love u as u r thats all  we are also just lovin whats being uploaded  u always leave me satisfied
You better start making real videos soon Or else you will get the belt
Nice try but 2014 pewdiepie is still better
Love you Pewds! I’ll always be here for you, whatever you decide to do next!
Now those are some big ass headphones
stay strong my man
this japan arc in felix's journey is so far my fav
I am really happy that Pewds is still posting videos while “retiring”, because it is always fun to have some news from him!
I love the way that you become more mature time to time, I always respect your decision whether it sound radical at some point for the fans or not, but yea... You can't keep doing that repetitively for the sake of your family and your mental health. Even honestly, if you just upload the video once or twice a month that's fine, just enjoy your honeymoon phase in Japan, DON'T WASTE THAT!!   Also pewds, just my idea though, maybe you have thought about it, when it's time to be more active again in YouTube in the future, maybe you can do collab with some other Japanese or non-japanese youtubers who lives there like in Chris' video or paolo in Japan or maybe Tokyo Llama or Tokyo Lens. Whatever it is, whether it's all about funny content or some sort of educational video about Japan things
Hi Felix ! When are we going to watch a collaboration with Chris broad  or Tokyo one ( Norm ) <3
Nothing makes me happier than seeing Pewds becoming more Felix in his youtube, and is having fun doing it
I'm sorry but can we talk about the headphones
Still my guy is humble, all the best on whatever you decide Felix. Much love <3 .
money
Don’t quit!
fucking scared me man i thought he is gonna say he wasnt gonna upload anymore. all the support man, really enjoy whatever you put out !
6:02 thats probably the best way I've heard someone put it.
Did t-series destroyed your morale? Lmao. Goodluck man 👍
Awesome job pewdiepie
Pewdiepie plsss play the last of us 1 remake (Plsss dont be so edgy when u play like u play the of us 2) Dont make it worse
pewdiepie please
Why have you stopped
dont quit i‘ll die！！！！！！
Felix I've been watching you since your og Amnesia play throughs. I'm 21 years old now, and since I've started watching you've been a fantastic role model in my life always reminding me to stay positive. I appreciate everything you've done and continute to do for me and millions of others! :D <3   Side note: You and I look extremely similar; and despite the fact that I live in a small town in Florida you've probably never even heard of, I can't begin to fathom the amount of times I've been looked at by strangers and heard, "OMG Pewdiepie!?" Or just been asked straight up if I am Pewdiepie; especially when I'm on vacation, at theme parks, and or other large events it's ALWAYS pointed out how similar we look. To make a long story short, even if I somehow hadn't stumbled across you on YouTube at a young age, I still would have come to know you well! I thought that was kinda cool! :D
Honestly I started watching Pewd's new videos since he started uploading videos for fun
I would love to see Felix do power wash pals with Mark about this
I’m so glad Felix didn’t quit and pls make a new Minecraft series love your vids!!!
K I'm bored see ya later
Don’t don’t feel bad , bald and bankrupt just quit too. He still does some but he can’t go to Russia (kicked out) or Ukraine ( because he has a Russian passport)
Never quite you do good job
I never thought I would get emotional about this video, Nostalgia just slapped me with onion dust
God I love this man
Please bring back BOOK-REVIEW 😩😩😩😩😩😩😩
How lovely
Brofist spam👊
Iam guessing money is too good for him to quit.
Beastmaster69 was a golden era! It's so good that your comfortable and relaxed now, your energy is so chill. Happy for you Felix
Book reviews will never get old.
Yee
We're just happy you still come hang out with us every now and then Felix. It's as simple as that. Thank you, because you've given some of us a reason to get up some days when we didn't want to go on anymore. So it's time for us to repay you by not expecting anything from you and enjoying whatever you feel you want to share. Have fun in Japan, hope Marzia and the dogs are doing well. Take care.
Is it me or this video has a crazy amount of views for being uploaded 36minutes ago? 205k views in 36minutes wtf?
the post endgame felix
please bring a song please please please please please please please
i love the vlogs and the content keep it up men will love to see more of the surfing and travels
Bruuh... That's a BIG BOY headphones!
Honestly, Felix can do whatever he wants and we would all still be watching him. I personally would love to see cooking with pewdiepie back 👉👈
Thanks for popping up from times to times it's Always great seeing you a
You deserve the slow down pewds, youve been grinding soo hard
Petition for Pewds to start playing the remake of TLOU since he loved the first one
If PewDiePie gonna do YouTube just for fun ,does it mean he can swear?
Started watching around your Bully series and stayed since. We keep watching for you personality and we don’t care if you upload every day or once a month… As long as you’re happy making videos, we’ll always be here.
It may have been boring at the top before, but he always will be the true top youtuber. Nothing can beat this man.
HAVE A DAMN BABY ALREADY
bro got the lumberjack headphones pro 💀💀💀
It’s ok pewds whatever your choice is we will support you! Although me personally I enjoy the uploads 🗿🤙🏼
Don't quit. Even though I don't follow your videos daily but it feels good to see your videos popping up in my feed. Also if you feel like quitting after having a kid, just hand this channel over to him/her. They will carry the 9 year olds legacy
yes don't stop
goodbye pewdie..
Pewds, just do what you wanna do and what you like in your own tempo, don't question yourself. Be proud of yourself, because we do!
I actually more confortable with your new content, it looks more refreshing and fun at the same time, I enjoy your video as Felix and I also enjoy it when you collab with PewDiePie.
Pewds, Mark and Jack cured my sadness, always.
All that surfing bringing out a nice tan dude
Hey, maybe its time you start with your plan to upload 10 minute per part games again. But then again, we still enjoy these new vlogs! You do you!
Good man
Its been such a crazy ride, ur like a second father to me, shaped me into a person that i am today..so tnx for evr that  u thaught me andd brofistt👊
swiss are like the richest people on earth.
your a beta male sonic
Not a lot of retired youtubers can pull off what Felix is doing right now! He's the absolute GOAT of youtube.
yep, get rich by doing what you like and keep doing it because you like it
Now dems be some phat open back headphones, sound stage must be  w ï d ë af
Which headphones are those?
i'm loving this Japan Arc so far!😸😸
You a real one.
Shattered horizon
sive sweating when he hears that his job might be potentially gone
Growing up watching pewds since nearly a decade ago I think we're all just happy to know that you're happy
It’s been an amazing journey Felix, growing up watching your gaming videos and experiencing the many phases you’ve gone through over the years (even the questionable ones) just seeing the person you’ve become today makes the Bro Army proud! We are very happy that you and Mariza achieved your life long dreams. Enjoy every moment of it we’ll always have your back! Brofist for life! 👊
this means a lot! Thank youuuu Felix!:')
I watch and love all ur vids no matter what it is vlog/react/gaming everything. Im glad u didn't quit and I like the video more when u seem to enjoy it, I hope u have a good time learning surfing! Ur vids brightens my day! Also just post whatever u want and whatever makes u happy!
You've given the Internet tons of enjoyment already Felix, with the occasional wisdom sprinkled in. Whatever works for the pace you want to go with in your current life is perfectly okay, and any new content is much appreciated, but it comes after the understanding that you deservedly put your new life first.  Much love and thanks for everything <3
Its nice seeing him grow, esp with us, I remember being a kid watching him and now were all adults. We have so many videos in the last years of him that we can always rewatch and love. He def is a new person and I'm so happy for him and Marzia, this is def a new chapter for them. We will always be the bros for him.
Pewds can you write a book, I would love to read it.
I'm not sure if I was ever subbed to your channel but I've been checking your videos out every now and then. I'm into the vibe your channel is bringing lately, I need more of what you're sharing here, so consider me subscribed 👍
bro dont listen to the drama. we will always have your back
I'm happy for you that you have found what content to make all these years and that you are in a place where you can do this just for fun. Seeing you sincerely enjoy the stuff you are doing just makes the viewers happy too
hi
The way I see it for me personally anyways. I subscribed for the personality. Yes the content was amazing and fun to watch but I think the biggest part of that was being able to see Felix’s takes on it. Not to be para social but like in the way you have that old friend on Snapchat that you never talk to or see anymore, but you still enjoy seeing what they’re up to. Maybe a bad analogy but all is to say whatever content may come or not come I think a lot of us are here to stay.
Don't quit man, I'm still wanna explore Japan with you
i love the wholesome vibes in pewds vids these days
Hello, Pewdiepie. Thank you for not quitting. I really enjoy your content. Much appreciated. I was thinking, now that you're in Japan, it'd be really cool if you spend more time in your computer playing Minecraft. 😀
Pewds has reached the endgame of Youtube 'game'😁
I love that even if Pewds started as a gamer, there were so many stages and I loved them just as much <3
I like pewds visit the broland for the last video ...
Keep on keepin on, Pewdz
Pewdiepie series are over.  This is a "Spin Off" of the future days.
Lovely checking up on you here and there. Been here to support since the clown amnesia series. You truly are an inspiration to others by just doing what you love. Enjoy living your dream Felix<3
We need book review!
Hey Felix, very cool. Keep it up
We all still love you Felix! Enjoy your life, you’ve helped all of us enjoy ours :)
You dont have to choose between quit completely and do it every day. Same with my art, ive lost a lot of joy from doing it, so i dont draw as often anymore, but i still draw now and then
I'm not a very active viewer anymore, but it's still nice to drop in and see what you are up to. Keep going as long as it is fun :)
Yes pewds even if you do quit tomorrow we will always savour and enjoy your content!
Just do Book Review!!!
Was wondering if pewds would start doing music again?
The best of Pewds imo, was just watching him go through his games, relaxing and talking with the community. I hope to see a god of war ragnorak playthrough from Felix!
Pewds we love you do whatever makes you happy and we’ll be here supporting and watching!!
Thank You Felix! for all your time and effort- it’s very, very much appreciated! Your audience will be here for you. Take Care Sir💜
congrats for the 100M sub
You had one of the rarest play buttons lol
👊
Hey man you make a video I watch it  I like it, you make one I'm not so into maybe I wait til you put out a new one maybe I like that one be happy have fun
any plan play any horror games? again? just once a month 🤣
RIP LWIAY
Nice journey
Its okay pewds do what you have to do, the real ones will always be waiting for you to upload again. Step away, and come back when you feel like it's time. Love you bro
Seems you reach the end of the road regarding YT career/growth. But you know it’s human to feel that there still something out there to do or achieve even after reaching the top. I don’t know, it’s so exhausting being human.
I'm happy for you! PewDiePie your the best. Green
LETS GO! PewDiePie San I'm here for life, I'm a fan of you and your work not The specific games you play or drama you talk about but your growth as a character and human being That, that is what I'm here for, much of your personality and persona has interested me and i feel as though it resonates with me so you keep being You! cause that's all I'm here For!
:(
Pewds Ive been watching you since I was 11 years old  back in 2012 and as time goes on it’ll always warm my heart  coming across videos of you and your journey through YouTube and life , I’ll watch the new and up and coming videos that are flashy and trending  but best believe I will always come back to your videos and as weird as it sounds feels kinda like home . Very comforting , now to be fair I haven’t been the most loyal sub and have strayed from the bro army multiple times but in the end sitting here now as a 21 year old I realise the things I’ve learnt from your videos whether big or small have helped shaped me … I’d say that you and Roman Atwood have been extremely influential in my developmental years and would like to send you big thanks , I’m so glad you stuck through all this time and continue to do what you love , the way you love to do it . Much love ❤️
BEASTMASTER SIXTY FO
Enjoy life man, YouTube isn’t your game anymore
I got a job and now I am tier three floor gang, yay!
Heyy its been a while
I miss minecraft videos from pewds
don't quit please😥
The bro fist really made me happy. I love all your Japan content. It’s so awesome seeing you have so much fun again
YOU DESERVE EVERY LOVE YOU GET!
。。。
Felix could maybe focus on producing less frequent videos but those he really wants to produce, such as book reviewS  Or could roam trough Japan and start making food reviews or similar stuff.   Just don’t do it every week
Nah we need meme review and reddit to stay foreverrrrrr
I've been here since amnesia, and I always love coming back to pewds, he's so refreshing to watch and no matter the content I feel relaxed and comfortable. It's honestly so great to see how happy he is in Japan, you can just tell with his vlogs.  I'm honestly so happy for him and Marzia, I couldn't stop smiling through this video, I'm so proud of how far he's come ans where he's at now. It's so nice to see him genuinely happy
Japan arc going strong! 💪🏼
ayo 203k views party
Honestly wouldn’t want you to retire youtube. It is really nice to watch your uploads now and then as long as you are having fun👍🏻👍🏻
Repeating
THE EVANGELION MODEL IN THE BACKGROUND
❤
honestly, pewds and felix has the best character arc i've seen out here
From maya and edgar disco song, ive finally liked pewdiepie video in such a long time. 👏
Def proud of you Pewds! Been your fan since my childhood!
Felix is literally outlive all my teenage celebrity crush. All I want is Felix come up to my feed from time to time, watch a wholesome video and that's it.♥
I miss your minecraft
Man, you have money for your great-grandsons, you have a beautiful wife and you have people who see you as a God. Pursue whatever meaning you find in your life, you can. Most of us can't
I'm just glad that no matter the controversy or issue, you kept pushing forward and developing as a creator. It has inspired me to do better in my own life and grow.
Pewds I’m glad youre enjoying Japan and you’re doing what truly makes you happy. When you’re happy the community is happy as well. Good luck with everything, we will always be by your side ❤️
You dont need anyone to tell u this but we love u, ur old content and ur new content. Thanks for everything and keep doing what u love.
Retirement doesn't mean we'll never see them again. It really means you've done enough. 12 years? I think that's enough imo. A wife, new home, new chapter.
Basically he’s seeing it as just a fun hobby to share things with his community now and not so much of a job and I think that’s the best way to look at it
just quit man .. i feel like you just didnt have a video for the day so this is what you posted .. you literally talked about this 50 times already
Here from 2014. Grew with Pewds and I’m so glad for everything he has done for us. Thanks for everything ❤️
Thanks bro for your spirit you bring
Glad you realized!
It'd be weird not to see u on YouTube anymore. I, like most people around here I'm sure, grew up with you. So many fricking memories man. Thank you!
I just realize Pewds camera quality is so good now & it’s kinda weirdly wholesome.
Felix essentially explaining the actual core essence of YouTube in the first place. It's always been just about sharing things that you think is cool in your life to random people in the internet. Not about the subs, the monetization, the new banger video, etc. It's just a platform to share things about you.   Felix, congrats! We've definitely finally come full circle!
Don't Give Up Pewdiepie, I will stop Cocomelon and T series by bombing them,  I  H A T E  C O C O M E L O N I  H A T E  T  S E R I E S  T O O
You really deserve where you are you put in the hard work for it
You have been more of a bro to me than my own brother. I heckin' love you, man!
Made me think of that Jim Carrey quote. “I think everybody should get rich and famous and do everything they ever dreamed of so they can see that it's not the answer.”
I support you pewds! I just still wish you will do a walk through series of a game like the first Last of Us. That was such a precious series to me and I loved your commentary! So hopefully in the future there'll be a game like that again and you'll feel compelled to play it!❤️
Did he always have the Audeze LCD-3? Nice headphones
I love all that’s happened and what you’ve been putting out since moving, just love you in general mr sweden
Very very happy that you haven’t quit, the world would be dimmer without your videos, genuine love to you and your family ❤️❤️❤️
Hi Felix! you won't read this but I want you to know how thankful I am for this channel/you. I just turned 18, and I've been watching you since 2012. I love that you stay true to yourself, many will try to change for others but not you. You may not retire (yet), but I want to say that Ive loved being on this journey with you and the "bros", and I can't wait to see what the future holds. Much love!
Looking good bro
Happy for you man. It’s been a long journey and it’s sad to see how much things have changed from when I was a little kid watching your videos and now I’m an adult who checks on what’s new here and there just cuz you were part of my childhood as weird as that is to say. I hope your passions remain and you enjoy the time you have worked hard to have.
"
BRO FIST  ✊
Tack för att du stannat ❤️ Japan är man lite avis på också, var i Tokyo desu, 2014, saknar staden.
Love ya poodiepew
17 and still no bitches?
I think the way you've been handling the channel is the perfect way for you. Do what u want, post when you want,  until, maybe one day, you'll stop. I think feeling good with yourself is the most important.  Im grateful too still be able do watch you, but just like with Marzia, I will always wish for the best for you.
I stopped watching his content awhile ago but I'm happy for him in whatever way he goes with his life and channel. As you can see, I still have my notifs on for him even though I stopped watching a few years ago. I saw the notif and immediately clicked as it caught my attention knowing how serious this is and that he was gonna bring this up eventually. I still watch his videos from time to time but it's just not for me anymore. I do love how mature and deep he is now though. He knows he doesn't have to keep everyone entertained, he can just be what he is now and what he wants just like what he's saying in the video. He doesn't have to quit just because he already peaked. Everyone's opinion doesn't have to matter, people come and go, even your audience. Keep having fun with your channel and keep doing whatever you want, Felix! 👊
At the end of the day, your mental health and wellbeing is all that matters.
I got scared at the start of the video, but THANK GOD I was wrong. Hopefully, you don't leave us any time soon you've been always an inspiration for me and we are glad you still upload on youtube. 👊
Shout out to the camera quality
just want u to be happy man ! do what you wanna do always !
I've been taking this year of Japan blogs more like a sabbatical year of just chilling in Japan tbh so I don't really mind the lack of uploads cause I knew that the videos that are uploaded are wholesome and from the heart
why he has furniture on his head
Most of my life is watching you wasn't lonely at all
this is why we come, for you bro, for years and years, i dont care if you start doing bonsai or shit i just like being there
honestly got bored with gaming pewdiepie, atm i prefer vlogging pewdiepie because it feel fresher, more personal and different from the rest of the channels i watch
Because we miss you
👊
Lwiay was cool tho
I dont know, i just watch everything you ever upload pewds, regardless of what kinda content you upload, i love them all. Watching you have been a part of my life and my routine since i was at my elementary school until now when i'm at third year of college. So dont quit okay, we all still here. Brofist - Love <3
It’s especially important that you go out on your own terms in this day and age. The rootless cosmopolitans who were (are) attacking and censoring you would love nothing more than to chase you out of their platform. Never bend to their will, do not go quietly into the night.   They’re losing now, there’s a populist revolution in every western nation. Sweden just had an incredible election result in which the Sweden Democrats, a party considered unelectable for all the tired usual reasons (racist, homophobe, sexist…) 12 years ago became the majority leader! Western people have reached their breaking points and they’re taking their countries back. Whether you know it or not you are a symbol of that spirit, thank you for not backing down.
It's funny that Felix being Retired has a more frequent upload schedule than a lot of popular YouTubers now lol
honestly i'll be sad if Pewd stops posting as if he's already dead. but life must go on. glad to see you're aware of yourself Felix.
the brofist rlly just hit me. it's been so weird to grow up with you, but i'm so happy to see you thrive. take care and enjoy japan! :D
I'm proud of you Felix.. So Proud to still be a bro
So many mic bonks lol
Felix, do what you want to do. I remember disliking you back in 2012 to around 2016... Then I started liking you when you became less and less of a typical YouTuber... When you started making book reviews in 2018, I started reading much more, and picking lots of the books you reviewed, like Stoner, I am Legend. I discovered Murakami because of you, and Norwegian Wood has changed my life. Thanks. /Fellow Svenne
It is… acceptable
As long as you vlog Pokemon worlds next year, that's fine 😉
Do you still have a studio
That's just wholesome, Saw a lot of different phases of felix throughout the years. Truly happy for the dude, man's an inspiration to me.
Quit or no quit. We'll always support your choices Felix. You may not know us personally but you're like part of our lives. Do what you do, and we'll always have your back. *brofist*?
10 years ago we are young and immature and all we want is exciting and loud ass screaming video but look at us now, let's just sit back and have a drink, ah so lucky to have a break to enjoy pewds content from all the nightmares thanks boi
We still love pewds and doing the vlogs makes him happier and if that’s the case I support it 1000% plus he makes the vlogs so enjoyable to watch :) so thank you pewds for sticking around
well, tbh all I want is you vlogging, its really inspiring to live in japan aswell because i just like how chill it is...
you're like a completely different person, it's so weird looking at you and your muscles haha
i feel like felix & this channel aged like fine wine. i grew up watching your content but honestly, i find myself enjoying it now more than ever.
Don’t scare us like the pewds
Because your contents always made my day, pewds. That's all.
Bich dont you dare quit
On ya Pewds 👊😎
Felix has been a part of my day for 11 years of my life, straight up. You don't realize sometimes how much that is until you reflect on it and hear "it is fucking 11 years, that insane" haha Been through thick and thin. Thank you! ❤
Bro fist hit home
Hi everyone, you know my so sad when I get to make my video on walks on the beach. But I never stop and I  do more more and more 💙🤟 thx
Meme review was good, very fun.
Felix’s videos are just therapeutic for me. Love the direction he’s bring his channel towards
The changes that this channel has gone through are what makes it so fun to just come back every now and then and watch all the different stuff
We are all watching your vids for you
I’m just happy that now you feel content with your new life in Japan ect. No matter the videos that you decide to upload, we will always support you! I personally don’t care what type of videos you make, I always find them fun because I like watching as a person and not as a content creator.  I’m really thankful for everything you’ve done trough out this years and that you decided to not quit yt entirely, your videos always makes my day! So I hope you’ll live the fullest there in Japan.
Having been with this channel for so long, this new tempo felt like such a good thing. It felt like Felix did retire from the stressfulness of YouTube and just enjoying the good things that the platform has to offer which is so refreshing. At least for me, I think the changes didn't feel jarring at all, and I do hope both Felix and Marzia can really enjoy their time on their new adventure in Japan.
We don't want you to quit, we want you to do what you want. If you choose to bring us along for this ride we call life, all the better 🤌
I smile through the entire video
well he didnt quit quit but but he is not uploading all the time  . when he upload once a week or a month ... that what he mn quit not uploading daily. i do enjoy see him whatever he does will be ok
bruh quit allready. give space to other tuber. ur too great for this platform now.
Yes
Glad you didn’t quit pewds. Enjoy your life and keep entertaining us. ❤️
We all have existential crises it's okay  specially here on youtube
Pewds will you stay make any game walkthrough? I hope you could do it in the near  future. I am not pressuring you tho.
Man. So long as you are still happy making videos, I still want to watch them lol. I hope you don't go anywhere for a while.
Thank you for sharing the things that that you want to share on YouTube instead of what the Meta is during the time
This reminds me of the Zima Blue episode from Love, Death + Robots. After pushing every limit, returning to the joy of a simple task well done.
Brofist🤛🏽
Bruh
Hey Pewds iam a silent Viewer but seeing people say quit already made me write this comment. Ive been following you since 2014 when i started getting into english more and more. Since then ive been enjoying your content really much iam not going to say i was 100% interested in every video thats just not true but what kept me here watching nearly every video of you is you! You are the most symphatic YouTuber ive ever seen since you started of with vlogs again ive been enjoying your content more than ever before! But i dont want to pressure you into doing vlogs or anything. I think what i want to say with this comment is: Please do what you want to do! If you ever really want to quit do that! It will be sad but personally iam happy with anything that you do. I really want you to just life a happy life and if you want us to be part of that iam more than happy. With your honesty and symphathy you earned my biggest respect!
congratulations on all your success man!
We love u man, literally grew up watching u all the way from 2014 to now. Still remember arguing with trolls before defending u when I was a kid LMAO
Thank you Felix for also not quitting youtube. You’ve been a great person to grow up with, started watching since my elementary days and i’m in college now. You’ve been an inspiration to many. Keep doing what you love and I hope the best for you. That’s all, bro-fist 👊🏻
Your content seems to have evolved as you have evolved as a person.  We really enjoy watching your new chapter in Japan, we seem to be getting to know you more as a person, rather than just your PewDiePie character. Please keep enjoying your life and doing what you are doing. We will always be here.
You are awesome! I’m really glad you didn’t stop uploading.:)
anyone knows what headphones felix is using?
Felix saying hes retiring was never him saying he was quitting, it was him saying he wasn’t making YouTube his living anymore he just didn’t want to do it as a job. It was him doing it why he started it to begin with, for fun. If you don’t enjoy it don’t do it. It’s really easy to get into the habit of “I have to do this” not “ I want to do this”
Will your kids be YouTubers someday too
I'm new to your content, my kids have been watching your gaming streams and have now stopped because the content changed. However I'm interested in your vlogs and Japan so now I'm watching the videos. Things change over time and so does the audience.
That's how person who made it talk. Poods. The legend.
For fun, huh? Then make another r/cursedcomment review, please? uwu
very cool
you are a VET they never give up or quit  just do u boo
This makes me smile like the 13 year old at the time you started :)
The Pewdiepie NG+ content is pretty great XD
Honestly this is the best version of pewds, been here for a long time seeing him play amnesia shouting at barrels, him playing bully and ollieing over little kids to being a chill dude just living his best life.
What is this? Why are you making us cry? What tf are those Headphones?
The world needs Pewnews so bad man.
You’re not always necessarily letting people down by changing content bc some people just enjoy whatever you put out because it’s you. And plus the Japan content has been so interesting and I’ve loved it!
Feels like at this point this is an OVA of a very popular anime
I still watch Felix nowadays because he enjoys what he shares, just like when he first played horror games, he enjoys sharing the experience. He really puts the You in YouTube.
I started watching pewdiepie in 2020, and i loved him as a content creator. I loved watching your reddit reviews, minecraft videos, and your humour. I was really happy when you finally went to japan but I was also very sad to see less uploads. I really am glad that you still have a little interest in you tube  Stay happy Felix, we will always support you ❤
You having fun is what makes us enjoy the videos, upload whenever you want or don't we support you regardless. After been on this journey for so long, it seems like we are friends and this YouTube thing doesn't matter anymore we just like to support our friends.
do more vlogs or on books review.
please don't quit ever 😭!!
Just keep doing what you do and what makes you happy Felix, we're all here to support you from start to finish always ❤️
The brofist always gives me nostalgic vibes. Pewds, we're happy for you and upload in your own pace.
We will always love you and support you no matter what♥️
Just cause you retired doesn’t mean you can’t hang out once in a while. I grew up with you and you retired around the same time I finished college and became an adult. Part of growing up is hanging out less frequently, but the time spent is more meaningful. And that’s how I feel about your new content.
wholesome af
I'm happy to see you upload what you want, and watching you is still fun as well. I've been around for 10 years now and I loved the journey! It's crazy to think how I grew up with you and how you were one of the first people I started watching regularly. I don't even know where the past 10 years went! It's great to be a part of this community :)
It feels like you're someone I grew up with. You helped many people become better people simply by sharing your hobbies with us. I'm really proud of you and this community and I'm happy to be apart of this whole journey.
I feel like Felix is the grandfather of youtube. He gave inspiration to the entire youtube community. Youtube wouldn’t be the same without you Felix ❤
Eh Pewds, you had massive success in your career and I think your true fans have matured with you. I think I speak for most of us when I say take your time, enjoy life, upload what you want when you want. No need to be on that constant Youtube grind.
You don’t what you want. I’ll be bummed when you’re done but whatever. Nothing lasts forever
yessssss
It's actually crazy how I started watching you when I was 9 and I'm 18 now, BRO I legit spent my childhood and grew up watching you. and I appreciate it, you've made me smile all these years thro alot of shit I went thro, so thank you
Thank you Pewds
dont you ever..quit......big guy....pls
WHY? MONEY THATS WHY
I will always support your decisions, thank you Felix
following you since 2014, lil bit late but it's been great years for me
I support and will watch whatever you upload. Enjoy some pressure relief after all these years. Love you plenty Pewds <3
I'm glad you still find joy in making videos cause you still bring joy to a lot us. It's crazy I've been watching since like I was 9 or 10 watching YouTube n my 3ds and I'm 19 now. I've almost always consistently watched and like that you've always changed its like all the phases your channel went through I went through too thanks for just being here
Felix is one of those heroes you’d be glad to meet
Love you pewds, feel like I’ve changed and grown up alongside you, so, so happy you’ve found your happily ever after and I can’t wait to follow your next chapter. Enjoy your life man 👊
In which Visa stream you came to JAPAN?
If ever you will read this Felix, just want to say that we’re also thankful for all the genuine things you shared with us. We will always be here and happy whatever you decided in your future youtube career. 🙌🏼
Please don't leave 🥺
The 21 year old gang❤️
love you felix!!! u giving me hope for my future
I fuckin love you dude
We love you Felix, I've been watching for so many years, more than 50% of my life. You've seen and liked some of my comments before, so I know you like to read these comments when you can! You're right that we've had our ups and downs! But do what makes you happy! If you wanna make a video about some incredibly niche topic go ahead, and if you want to make a video about your day- do it! If you want to quit or maybe you want to treat this as a small hobby.. do it :) I'm thankful for everything you've done for me, like a child who appreciates his favorite series- you've made an impact on many people! I'm sorry you feel like we were let down, and I'm sorry that you felt very stressed out because of youtube. Your true fans will always be here when you upload, and if you never upload again- we'll never forget you pewds 😁 I was 7 when I started watching and I'm 20 in April of 2023. Much love to the people in this community as well! Brofist 👊
I’m so glad Felix didn’t quit, considering how most of the original YouTubers have quit. It’s inspiring to see him still doing good and reinventing his content
What if you had the chance to do like a "New Game +" in real life? would you do it?
love to see you on a bench
Damn the bro fist made me emotional.. I've watched you for many years since I was a teenager. In my teenage time I used to watch you every single day  for hours on end to escape my own reality. I found so much joy on this channel. As time passed I've continued to follow you and now looking back I see how much time has passed.. being a mother myself now and still watching you. It's weird to think how much people in the fan base have grown and continue to grow with you. I am very grateful and as cheesy as it may sound you were definitely one of the reasons I could get through another day and forget about the situation I was in when I was young. Thank you Felix.
Glad you are still around yknow, everyone's uncle Pewdiepie
L e g e n d
ブローフィスト！
Don't quit pls
we grow with you my boy. what ever its best for you, i'm with you
We'll always support you pewds and I believe we all love that we've been here so long together. The day you truly retire from Youtube will be a sad day for all of us because seeing your life roll out is always amazing to see! Even switching to a retired vlog life many of us will probably keep watching for as long as you are here.
I’d rather see him happy recording things he generally has fun doing than forced content that he has little interest in.  It’s really great to see him grow and change over the years and become his own person.  I feel like I’ve been through all the twists and turns with him 😂
✨🌎 🇯🇵 Enjoy Life & Make Good Times Fun 🌀
I really enjoy your Japan content right now, its so tranquil and nice to be a part of. :)
I never ignored pewds bro fist at the end I gave him one back💙
Constant change is inevitable as you want to run the channel for years and not get bored with it. You are changing, like all of humans, so content that you are making is changing too. I'm really happy that you didn't quit youtube and wish you all the best
Super nice choice of headphones
PLEASE DONT QUIT
Don’t quit, t’s nice to see where you are. Keep it up. As long as you enjoy it and you’re having fun, it’s nice to see where you’re at and the places you visit.
🐐
Fuck I'm depressed
Those headphones looks comfy.
Felix, You do you king :)
31 min ago
I wont lie from how comfy your vids still feel its hard to believe your retired.  N honestly i wish u never stop uploading just dont stress over it hell even seeing a vid of u once in a while is enough to keep my spirits up . Either way were with you bro , know well cry when we never see you again,  your our senpai to the bro army u created over both our lives . Thanks for every and any vid you make n have made
Everyone has bridges inn their life that they have to cross. The attacks against you are jealousy and fear. The media keeps attacking youtubers because they know they are losing the public. They can't stand losing the power that their job gives them. News media is one of the hardest industries to break into. To get into a high profile news job you have to intern in some of the most expensive places to live in the world without pay. All while your every word and interaction is being judged by people that will use your downfall to give themselves a .5% bump in clicks.  Your videos have a higher watch time value than most of TV shows wish they could get. You are the bullseye that draws the fire and with enough juice to change the institution of youtube. You don't flex the powers you might not even really know you have.
whats up with all the camera zooms. so excessive
I'm actually very glad you're still here until this day. You were one of the first youtubers I started watching (more than 10 years ago) and I got to see most of your evolution, as a content creator and as a person. Nowadays I don't even have much time to watch your videos, but it is always comforting somehow to still receive the notifications. I loved watching your philosophy videos and you even made me watch Minecraft again, and it was actually fun! I think the best of you comes when you're enjoying what you're doing, and that's the Pewds I wish to keep watching from here. Thanks bro 👊
Whoops just fell to this video 31 minutes ago okay
brofist got me emotional
You are the most natural acting person on the internet, you don't put on a mask, you are polite, like one would act in actual life which is so rare on the internet. Your influence on generations is seriously a great achievement. You are the right person to look up to although you probably don't feel comfortable with being a rolemodel or put on a pedestal. I don't like all your content and some of the stuff was shallow (like reactions) but that never bothered me because I could tell you had fun doing most of the stuff and I always kept watching because of your genuine personality.  We are no friends but believe me, you showed me that being nice and genuine is important, especially to be at peace with yourself.
Mark 8:36    "For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world, and loses his own soul?"  Take care of yourselves, everyone.
To me watching you wasn't about what are you doing but the fack the you're doing it. As long as you're enjoying it, make what ever videos you want and the fans will enjoy them as well
this was 30 minutes ago, love you pewdiepie.
Because you’re too scared to sleep with a girl
felix on side quests now
I wonder if disguised toast is near felix, and if they would even want to hang out.
You are my Sun and Steel Pewds! 🙏
Felix enjoy yourself and new life in new country, we'll still be here if you wanna come back (maybe just a few little updates now and then so we know your doing well)
*Brofist* "Some things never change"   That got me :(
Don’t quit. Your fans will miss you 💚
Yknow I’ve been thinking a lot about distraction in my life and I’ve been depressed but I want to do better and I hope the rest of you do too and not get distracted
Don't quit, your videos are entertaining
Experience is the goodshit you'll always want
Thanks for uploading over the years, and I hope you enjoy doing what you want with YouTube.
we love you
You will remain the best of all time 😏 We have grown up with you 🥰
Nice headphones holy God thats a very nice headphone
my man Felix no matter what vid u upload imma watch it anyway even if it's that universe explanation vid. stay safe man <3
Felix's next step is Family Channel ❤️ let’s support Felix
Hope you continue to enjoy your life the way you want to Pewds. Thanks for all those years of content, much love, brofist.
Just do videos if you feel like it and do what you feel like! We will pretty much watch whatever random video idea you could come up with lol
I enjoy any Pewds content. I think for us fans, overtime it's not about what the content is anymore, it's just about Felix/Pewdiepie in general.  I do miss LWIAY that's a fun format but I'll take any upload. The Japan vlogs are interesting too!
I haven't watched recent videos because they were something I was not into. Vlogs? Not for me, cuz I am more interested in my own life than in someone else's. Shorts with Jack? Not really a fan of them, since these shows are not for me. Drama/memes? Kind of don't want to watch them, feel boring lately.  So what's left? To be honest, there's really nothing out there that can bring me back to watching other than some deep talks about things like "being a good person" or "values people should have nowadays, but don't have". I do feel, it would be awesome if Felix could once again talk about such things, since with each passing day more and more people are stepping away from them. Selfishness and being "famous" has become this strange thing that break young kids apart. Taking a break from YT helps for sure,  just remember to come back when you want to do something you want to. Reminding people of being good and having positive values should be a worthy cause.
Right. Now time to binge watch all of his videos. All of them.
Obviously Felix has changed but he remains a legend. Maybe he can quit being a full time YouTuber and open a real hot dog shop in Japan like making swedish x italian dishes.  I'll visit if I'm ever in the area.
i wont forget that i learnt swear words from you the best decision of my life (probably)
I hate shorts.  You get nothing out of them except for 15-30 second distractions.  before you know it, you've spent an hour watching them and have gained  nothing.  You've literally just threw an hour of your life away.
You're legend pewds! do a food vlog!!!
Seeing Felix just decide to enjoy life nowadays really feels like we achieved The good ending
poods, Your videos always makes me happy and it will never stop making me happy. Its fun for me too, watching you having fun and being your truly self. It is sad looking back at memories and also happy too because it happened. I will do my best to support you no matter what and will always support you even if I wont get any updates from you and if you stop making videos. I will still support you~ thank you for still uploading videos and making me happy, I am really really glad you didn't quit and I know u existed :]
i will always keep watching your videos ! i and so many more other people are happy that you get to be happy in japan , we dont mind waiting a bit longer for you to upload
Why quitting? Just enjoy your time and have fun, remember always be yourself.
Älskar ditt nya och avslappnande koncept, du känns naturlig och genuin och jag ser sjukt mycket upp till dig och ditt sätt att leva👏🏼🙌🏻
Love you papa pewds
Man Felix, you do you lol, it's been over a decade now, the viewership you still get regularly ar arguably the people that would watch literally almost anything you post, so like you said too, be retired and just upload like you want whenever, we still gonna be here to enjoy!❤️
pewds is just quitting so that when Mr Beast over takes him he isn't still making videos
You're like a retired artist that doesn't see his art as a product to sell but more of a passion that still is just as interesting to people as it always was.
I've been watching you for long time Felix, just do what make you happy man we all here will stay here as long as you're still here
Well, the time will surely come where he will leave Youtube, it may be sad but damn the memories will be good and nostalgic
Edit: 2014/15 Was around 2014/2015 I started watching pewds, it was a sub/unsub kinda thing, myself going through a lonely phase YouTube helped me a lot, as a kid of 13 years, I learnt most of my english watching pewds, DanTDM, popularmmos, goodtimeswithscar and a lot of such YouTubers,  watching youtube really helped me get through tougher times of school as well, cause just watching these people made me happy, it was fun!, my comfort zone. Keep doing what you love pewds
Nah, this is just a spinoff manga now that the main storyine is over.
quit? 150 MILLION IS NEXT GOAL
WE LOVE YOU FELIX ❤️
its legit fucking awesome seeing pewds go from a troll making fun of everyone and bullying the paul brothers to this amazing
I just want Felix on Trash Taste, and make a brofist after/at the last part
Please never quit, even if you upload once in a year it will still be okay. I watch your videos since 2014 and now I'm enjoying new content.
Loved you pewds bro fist 👊
I've watched PewDiePie for a long time now. But I was never a crazy fan boy or something like that but regardless of that, Felix is the most cool and chill dude I've ever seen. Best of luck for your future and love your videos👊🏻
I like this direction - less chasing shitty, unpredictable, unforgiving algorithm trends for Sunsan Points ™ and more being yourself and doing things you want to make.
Tl;dr Japan costly af
Yo so I think pewds now has the Audeze LCD-3 or LCD-2 it looks more like the LCD-2 tho
I watched felix when I was a kid, He was always making my day when I watch his minecraft series :D. I will miss him so much and if there was anything I want to do, it's just to appriciate all of his hard works making some videos even tho he;s already retired. Thanks for making my childhood felix! 😃
Watching PewDiePie was part of my childhood. Whatever he chooses to do i will support he is one of the best Youtubers on here, one of my biggest inspirations to start doing content creation and start doing YouTube in the first place thanks for all the laughs and joy your videos brought to my life over the years enjoy japan .
Felix is like the Hayao Miyazaki of youtube, and that's epic
Ъ
I pray whoever eyes catch this comment god gives you the strength you need to over come every battle your facing. May the dark thoughts and overthinking, the doubts exit your mind right now. May replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill in your life
So just enjoy Japan Felix, i think we’ll just be as happy as before
rich and famous feels empty after fulfill all his dream
sheesh
Thank you so always being here Felix! You are the one of first YouTubers that inspired me to make a YouTube channel with my dream to become successful, I pray that one day I can do the things I love with the people I love ! Will always support your choose with the channel! Your the absolute best🥰❤️💕
idc what u gonna upload but whatching you while drawing is kinda my routine so dont stop uploading.
ENJOY, PEWDS AND WE WILL TOO ❤️
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
Just create and upload when you feel like it, man, when you're inspired to make content you know you'll be proud of.
Pewds I’m sure I speak for a huge chunk of people here when I say that you’ll always be my favorite YouTuber- and if you’re still making vids when you’re 60yo, I’ll still have notifications on and still be watching and enjoying them with you. Appreciate you, Felix 💚
Thank you Felix. I honestly feel that I grew up with the channel. Started off when I was in school watching Amnesia and all the gameplays (still remember how much i cried watching the walking dead ending with you) then going to high school with the BeastMaster64 era and now i am a working-person in your chill era. Congratulations on your 10 years!
Why i decided to quit.i  have enough money
We're happy for you man
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
I have so much to thank you for felix & this feeling your current content gives me is truly something special. like many, I grew up watching your videos & it’s oddly satisfying to become an adult & seeing your content adjust to more a grown up audience aswell. i love you man
He’s aging…
It's your choice. Do whatever you want!
Holy shit...I'm seeing wrinkles on him...I haven't seen him in a while...I sure hope Felix settles down soon.
Thank you for your amazing work Felix 😁
Just one more Minecraft playthru and you’re good
YES YES YES YES !!!!!!!!!!!!
LETS GO PEEEEWWWWDS!!!!!
In my opinion meme review still have some 'meanings' which share our memory at that time.  It may become silly when we look back but it also bring us some special feelings.  Anyway we will still be here with Felix to have fun in youtube.
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
That bro fist at the end was hella nostalgic
Any day that I can watch any kind of Pewdiepie video is a good day. Thanks for the continued content!
Your mental health and happiness is always more important than people's expectations. We're all happy for you and what you've achieved. Life outside of YouTube is more important and whenever you decide to upload, your real fans will be watching 😀
felix has been apart of my life since i was 9 and i’m now 20. it made me happy to see him finally get to japan, marry marzia, and have all the success. i’m glad that felix has been putting himself first and how supportive we all are. youtube veteran🫡
it’s crazy how active this channel is, it would feel weird if u quit
I'd like to see pewds create his magnum opus
You have truly been blessed and it's wonderful that you appreciate it. :)
I tell you why you didn't quit! Because there ain't no party like a PewDiePie party because a PewDiePie party don't stop!
Probably should have, the Japan vlogs are weak..
🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲
while i'm glad that you're doing well in semi retirement, i hope that we still continue getting updates here and there with the vlogs and stuff and that you're still enjoying making those videos because those have been really comforting and fun to watch, and the occasional collab videos with your friends.
the brofist at the end gave me the warmest feeling.
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
I'm never forget your borfist! 👊
Once japan becomes real home and normal, you will get bored and return to things you’ve been doing for years(make videos, more gaming). Cuz rn everything feels like vacation but can’t last forever. Either way i hope you stay happy
I'm happy I loved your channel for what it was at the time, and you're right the channel has changed a lot, there has been a lot of changes people haven't liked, or have liked, I feel the same way.  I think when anyone is at the absolute top of their game, they have earned the right to do whatever they want.   You're in the end game Felix, definitely just upload whatever you feel, you're king now. Even if 90% of your fan base doesn't like it, I think everyone should be happy that the past 10 years happened! Good things come to an end, I believe this channel should just now be a vessel for your own evolving interests, because it's not just you, over 10 years, kids watching you are now adults, with jobs, their lives are so much bigger and different, we move with you! I would know, I was a kid myself, staying up way too late watching your early videos on my phone!
I sort of compare your channel to the changes someone experiences with their own life. We all go through various stages in life that makes your content feel so relatable. Wether you stay on YouTube for 10 more years, months, or days, I feel like your legacy will always be something to be proud of.   👊🏼
BBRRROOOOOFFFIIIIIISSSTTTTTT !!!!!!!!!! *sniffle*
Hey Pewds , just wanna say that i enjoy all your vlogs right now and all your vids before that. your content have never been a let down to me😁  I hope you will keep uploading video in the future and just do what makes you happy :))  (sorry for my bad grammar😞haha)
❤️👊🏽
I think part timer makes more sense than retired
Your Consistency and Quality of Content Never Dissapoints Us..💖💖
Do your thing boo. I don't care about your vlogs and life ein Japan ... But when you put out videos I'm interested ini click on them.
ok pls dont quit
who ask
I miss gaming week
Start a foundation to help people
Thank you, Felix, for everything you doing)) Still there after all this years, still interested) just do what you wanna do and stay healthy!!!
Felix was the childhood for millions of children who are now becoming adults. He’s been with us for so long, and we are all so endlessly grateful. He’s a truly dedicated YouTuber.
👊🏼
Brofist, there will be a day where we'll recieve this signature outro one last time
Yuhhh
GG
Also WHY!! those headphones
what are those ......?
I've always liked the vlog content the best anyway so I couldn't be happier.
Felix is literally wearing a waffle machine on his head.
Watching you grow and evolve throughout the years on this channel is one of the most amazing things existing on the massive place that is the Internet, and seeing you finding True Happiness (or as close a thing to it there is) is inspiring, and I can’t help but feel happy for you- even if it means you might not be making as much videos of the things I personally enjoy more than the videos you make currently. I can genuinely say I will never forget you PewDiePie, Felix, and I will continue to stay coming back to this channel now and several years into the future; and even if I do stop watching you as much, whenever I come back it will feel as if I am meeting an old friend. Your Brofist is Legendary and I could never refuse it in a million life times. 👊
Pewds you will always be number one hero to me, you will always be the best no matter what you quit or you continue…  you showed so many people what youtube is about…  being 32 that’s all i can say
Buddy im happy for you!!!! The Japan Vlogs are very nice to watch and i enjoy that type of content a lot. Sooo don't stop doing what you like. The people come and go like day and night. Life is short, if u don't do things that you like now later you'll regret it.
Those new headphones tho???!!!
I agree about the distraction stuff, so many things in the world feel like a competition for my attention, and I actually really appreciate how your videos changed into something more mature and "deep" :P
You're a good man Felix, be true to yourself and do what makes you happy 👊
What's worse than a youtube comment section?  A youtube comment section with tons of bots in it.
Been through a lot when I was little, used to follow your channel to get out of my head, brofist the screen everytime you would. I just wanted to thank you and tell you that it's wonderful to see you enjoy your life and your time without having to worry so much about the channel! Keep doing what you wanna do, you deserve it
Man literally made this video to flex his sub count Lmao
I want poppygloria 😂😂😂
This just proves that you sometimes can't really quit whenever, honestly. Retirement goes beyond money-driving motives. If you love what you do, you will never want to completely quit your job. It's amazing to know that the person who I grew up with is happy with his life motif. Thanks for all the memories Felix! You will always be the best YouTuber, ever!
Always has been...
nah fam you good, enjoy your life cheers 👌
Burnout isn't the product of overworking.  Rather, It's the result of forgetting why you do something in the first place. Do what you like and contribute to society in your own way.
That bro fist means way more to me than you can imagine, you are a legend
End of an era.
Proud to see your journey from where you started till now. Your development, accomplishments. But this is life.. life has ups and downs. I love your vids. And yes keep enjoying life have fun in Japan you earned it.
We love u♥
Pro  I swear if it becomes a vlog channel or something else I'll still watch I just want to see you on YouTube it we love you please don't quit✨🙃
Been here since 2011, thank you for always being you, even when you mainstreamed at 2014 I was still there and enjoying every part of it. Never feel like you're letting us down. You could've stopped in 2013 or 14 when you got the money, but that's not what you were getting out of that, it was the fans, enjoyment, fun. I will always keep you in my mind and heart, because you helped me through my darkest times. Rock on Felix, I love you
I was here like 4 years ago when the battle of t-series and i am here wow idk if that was 4 years 3 but it feels a really long time
Dude you are not really making content anymore after 2018. You probably should take a break.
I love that he still uploads despite being retired. One of the things in the past was that he complained that he doesn't enjoy uploading but it's great seeing him happy and doing his own thing. Much love to Felix and will be looking forward to these videos. Always watched meme reviews, pew news etc just for you and not for the memes, news etc as I didn't care about that instead I liked Felix's way of telling which was entertaining.
Keep doing what you want and enjoy doing pewds! SUPPORTING YOU ALL THE WAY!
Bro fist made me cry I won't lie
I like that Felix still uploads sometimes while being retired, he really is a YouTube veteran after doing this for 12 years, props for that
Live your life Felix. Enjoy this well deserved happiness, we'll always love you and support your decisions ✨💞
What "else" you want is to do Youtube.
Don't quit!
We love you Felix, whether you're on YouTube or not on YouTube. ❤
I've been watching you for 10ish years now, and since we're a similar age it really felt like sort of maturing at a similar rate. I enjoyed your content back then, and I enjoy your content now, and the vlogs and more calm introspectice stuff is actually completely my current vibe ^_^ keep doing you and the people that gravitate towards you as a person will stay
Because you were just farming clicks? Lmfao.
Before you quit, please do first we feast: hot ones. And bring back beastmaster64 for one last goodbye.
Now he is really" quit
I mean Felis should do what Felix wants to do. You've seen his channel change do much.  Change of content and personalities etc. Right now he's enjoying Japan and loves making videos about it. Maybe eventually when he has done all the videos he wants to do of Japan he will start going back to uploading the gaming videos. Maybe when new exciting games come out he will do a series out of that, maybe while streaming. Let him do him lol. At least pewds isn't gone off YouTube entirely and still uploads what he likes, a lot of creators can't do that. I mean I remember back in like 2013 when I first watched felix play horror, it was so much different but I'd stuck through and I'm still enjoying the videos. While I do prefer the gaming videos I still watch a vlog time to time.
Awesome, love from Pryor, Montana
creator burnout is very real, just do what makes you happy brotha 🤙
Ignore the people who want you to quit. Just do what you like Felix :)
We just gonna ignore those gorgeous Audeze planar magnetic headphones? Wowowowowow
I've been watching your videos since Slender Man gaming days (probably 2011). Do whatever content you feel fun doing. Thanks for doing this for 12 years.
I will follow you to the end no matter what happen :)
I always thought pewdiepie grew up to be very authentic. Instead of making news about YouTube drama you could bring us real news, maybe on another channel
Cooo
Stay awesome bro 👊
I used to hate you like, a lot, because you were really obnoxious back then and I hated your content. I was one of those PewDiePie haters. Surprising to see that I've become an addict to your content. Guess it's because you matured. Luv ur vids Pewds.
You made many happy Felix, your their hero.
That would be so sad 😞 😔 😟 🙁 😥 😿 😞 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱
hi
This man right here has been a support to me mentally a lot of through his videos .. I would always support him and his decisions whatever it may be . Thank u man.
I understand why U would want to quit but yea Just keep having fun with Ur chanel because at the end of the day it's Ur chanel just keep having fun and the people who actually like Ur content will stay but I personally enjoy Ur non retired chanel but that is how I feel and even with both I still enjoy Ur content
Swag
I ain't fucking leaving
The King of Youtube will always be remembered.
My girlfriend and I love to watch your videos together (the new ones especially) because it inspires us to follow our dreams together, and so whatever you upload is good in our book <3
hey pewdiepie been subed for about 10 years now    i remeberm the slender men times    enjoy this time whilke you can  others arent    please do what you do best and keep creating content pewdipie  we love you and we need thisd in our lives   so please dont forget to make another video after this one   or to shower when you wake up   or to brush your teeth before you sleep    btw you and MARZIA MOVED TO JAPANNNNNN     anyways love you bro!
Babay
IM SO EARLY!!!!
I am from India i start watching you after the controversy but now i don't want you to leave you had become a part of my life 😔
I dont know why would you ever quit tbh. We love watching you, what you do and so on.  Just dont force your self to make videos, make them when you want to. If you do it as a hobby not a job. I dont see a reason to completely quit ever. Its also like an album for yourself, to go through aand see what you did in your life an so on. So IMO whats the point in quieting completely. I just dont see it. And on top of that you have so many people that love you and what to see what you do next. Leaving us completely, pushing out of your life is not an option damn it! :D
Don’t say they are lame. Those meme review, pew news and drama review bring me the best entertainment and joy at that period. Keep doing it~ love your content as always
We support you and we will always do! No matter what the content will be, no matter how often you will make an upload, you are still our bro ;)
love you felix
Broo keep on doing and creating this that you want man, keep on creating until you feel satisfied and proud with everything. We'll keep on supporting you guys. The japan vlogs are the videos you won't here us complaining because of the vibes and how happy and fun they are. Love you pewds.
Pewds! Don't worry so much about us! Go out and enjoy your life!
Always here🖤🖤
Pewds is like the retired dad  of YouTube
Always gotta love him
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
glad you enjoying life more than ever!
Mb because u get tons of dollars? =_=
You look a lot more relaxed and content from within. Your Japan Vlog videos are very mellow and relaxing to watch! You've been on an amazing adventure, Felix! Continue on your YouTube journey and follow your bliss. Peace.
Love ya pewds
I believe Satan told him to stay 🤣🤣🤣
I pray whoever eyes catch this comment god gives you the strength you need to over come every battle your facing. May the dark thoughts and overthinking, the doubts exit your mind right now. May replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill in your life
I HOPE YOU NEVER QUIT BRO
Honestly it’s great to just see pewds having true happiness.
Felix really is a great example of living a successful life humbly 🐐❤
Started when i was 13 now 22. NO RAGRETS STICKING WID U KING 🎉
You grew alongside your platform and now it's kind of a tight fit for the type of content you want to make, so it feels weird. Post whatever whenever and we'll be here to support you. Lots of love dude
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
Felix, do what you like. I love the vlogs about Japan, the colab vids with Ken, and general game vids. Enjoy yourself, you deserve it!!
*gone but not forgotten*
i was really happy for you felix
Try boxing?
Do whatever you want...    I would still watch whatever you upload🤣
Honestly knowing that you and Marzia are happy living your life to the fullest in Japan is really all that matters. You deserve to be able to do what you want and not have the pressure to please others. Everyone will support you no matter what. Enjoy your time 👊
I pray whoever eyes catch this comment god gives you the strength you need to over come every battle your facing. May the dark thoughts and overthinking, the doubts exit your mind right now. May replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill in your life
i think for Pewds, uploading video and sharing it on youtube is Hobby for him, like when we sharing and talking about our hobbies to friends....  basically "when you quit your hobby?" is the most weird question... lol
So many people have been impacted by your uploads over the last 10 years. I am 20 now and have watched you since 2011, which is pretty much half of my time on the planet. It’s awesome to see you still kicking around and living your life. Thank you for all of the memories and laughs, as well as thoughtful insights you have expressed over the years. Much love, and I’m excited to see what other ideas you may spontaneously have in the future.
.
We just want book reviews
FELIX-KUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hello
We're all just so very happy for you, Felix.... you do you 😊
If I’m being honest here when it comes to original YouTubers the first that comes to mind is you, Jack, Mark and the grumps as you all have been continuously going even when burnout has hit you all in someway, and although the site has changed dramatically it’s refreshing to have you and the others mentioned still here, keep being awesome Pewds
Please don’t quit. I’d like to be watching you, Ken, oompa and soup until I’m in my elderly years
well, you sure came a long way. take a break if you want, or stop for some time if you want, but REMEMBER your seat is ALWAYS reserved, and you are never too old for youtube, because we are gonna grow with you. imagine being and old ass and givin bro fists lmao...
brofist
you're the most chill and down to earth youtuber and i have followed you ever since i was in my early teens. Do what you want! everything you make is enjoyable to watch for me. it doesn't necessarily need to be on your channel either. Do something you feel is fun, and don't care about upload schedule and views. it's way way more fun for me to watch you talk or do something you have fun with. like when you talked about manga for the first time, or do stuff with ken because you have such an enjoyable chemistry.   Love you cock su - i mean pewds.
I'm still very much excited about any upload from you, no matter what it is. You've been such a big part of my life and I'm happy and thankful that you are still here. Love you Pewds!! ❤️  PS. I also still get very excited when we get a brofist at the end of a video, still doing it back and giggling 😄
Pewds just fucus on what brings you most meaning in the content you post!  It was never the specific topics or shows we liked, it was your passion and energy you displayed with the content you found meaningful!
I wouldn't want Felix do quit becouse his videos make my and others day brighter. Even if he wouldn't upload a lot i and i think others do would be really happy whenever he did.
Just be you Felix.
say the n word again
I remember watching your content ever since I was little, I learned how to swear from you XD  Good days... I'm glad you're doing youtube the way you wanna do it now   you where always an inspiration for me ever since small to do youtube. thank you for inspiring me Felix.
Floor gang Auuuhhh
Go get a Skyline. Enjoy life and do whatever you want. Ill always support your work. Ive been watching your channel for over 10 years and i dont have any intentions of quitting yet. Love you bro.
WE’RE  STILL HERE, THE BRO ARMY.  10 years ♥️ I hope you are happy Pewds, whatever you decide to do.
I actually recently resubscribed because I find your new content (vlogs, etc) super genuine and super high quality. So this new pewdiepie era is really cool for a lot of your viewers! This might be my favourite version of pewds since I first subscribed years and years ago really
Well, you grow up, with that your character changes which is not necessarily a bad thing, you do you pewds, if its fun for it'll be good, we have a sayin in iran which goes: "whatever that comes from the heart gets attracted by someone else's heart" did my best to translate it as close as possible
Yes happy you're still here! Been following you for 10 years now, since i was 14!:) I always find it funny how ppl expect or want people in any aspect quit when they're on their peak, almost as if it's embarassing to keep going...but why? A bit random example, but it's the same with Eminem, ppl keep telling him to quit, just bc his "peak" was in the 2000's. Anyways:) Happy you keep going, for me your content is just more enjoyable to watch now, bc it feels like you're more comfortable too and relaxed, bc you're not giving under for the preassure. Greeting from Denmark:)!
I guess he basically broke the curse of being the king. He has been at the top and now it's time for him to enjoy the view from the mountain instead of risking his life like he used to. Appreciated good times btw
when you make a video while having fun, that's the quality. your memorabilia to watch back again and again, like maybe months later, years later.
Old cliche but be your self Felix.👊
Yo what headphones does pewds have now? Looks like audeze headphones
We need to make a petition to get Felix to retire from YouTube!
Keep doing your thing man👍🏼
You can quit anytime Pewds. You've given us so much fun memories from your jumpscare days to your meme reviews. Even if you thnk it was all pointless now. I think the feelings and smiles you brought made it all worth it and are irreplacable.
just do what you whant love you bro
no need to quit or make high quality content or push for growth  people just want to see you man And I hope you keep the vlogs or hop in form time to time  wish you the best
Based, but I still miss the Amnesia days
Hi
Love all the feel good talking and comfortability but Bro wtf are those headphones
u chillin
Loving this change of content. Keep doing what you are doing. Not every time I like to see a youtuber shouting the name of challenge with a $10k in the title
Well done dude. I am sure that you will do great. I love you very much. You are awesome.
Those 7 minutes flew by holly...
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
Although change is hard, I think it’s great you’ve decided to change for the betterment of yourself! Thanks for keeping us entertained every day for so long. Get some rest king 👑
I love you Felix, keep doing what you love, and don't do things just because you ''supposed'' to do them
You helped me out of my depression in high school 9 years ago. Youre apart of my childhood. I accept whatever phase your channel goes through. As long as your happy, doing youtube for fun. By all means. Im happy as long as you upload when ever you can. Love you felix
I think right now the best thing Pewds can do is collaborate with less popular but talented creators.  It can give a platform with an audience whose tastes are very similar, which will help new creators a lot!
Pewds gotta be my number 1 favorite anime series
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
Don't quit. Your young and you still got alot in you. Your bring alot of bright lights on the site and give positivity on people.
Let's fucking go !!!!
You went from uploading content every day to randomly posting a polished version of what most people put on Facebook. That's how a YouTuber's retirement should look lol.
4:40 “The man who had everything the world had to offer, wealth, fame, power. His name was Pew D. Pie”
It’s so wild to me that I watched Felix back in like 5-6th grade. and I still watch him, and I’m 23 now. it’s so wild
New headphones, they look cool.
I liked the era when he talked with cardboard cut outs the best
Honestly a couple of years ago I didn't really watch YouTube that much because I didn't really have any phone at that time or tablet I always saw my cousin with a Iphone and some other stuff where he watch other YouTubers I always enjoy to watch him play and one day I got a tablet from my dad it wasn't the best tablet but for my first device I was so happy my cousin helped me to download games it couldn't do and then I found YouTube I always wanted to be one do I started a channel when I was like 10 or 11 can't remember much but I started s channel back then I did some videos that some of them weren't mine because at that time I didn't know how it worked but after a couple of years I created another channel which is this one and now that I know better than when I was 10 I can actually try to get more popular and every time I recorded a video it felt so great knowing that other people watched and your just barely gaining views that make me happy and right now I am at 206 subscribers I haven't upload in a couple of days because I been really tired of school so much work I have to do but I want to be a big youtuber one day and inspire others if I can and PewDiePie I want you to know I didn't watch your content much because I was a really young back then I watch basic Mario games but I want you to know that whether your going to quit one day or not I want you to be proud of yourself on how you got here since you started YouTube All those adventures you had in all those videos people recognize you for a lot and maybe you are not going to upload the same ad you used to but you should be proud on where you are take care and don't care about other people tell you to just quit like you said you like YouTube well I will talk to you later goodluck.
I love that title so much.
I have to admit since 2017 I haven't caught up much in your videos Pewds, but I remember watching your videos everyday until your new uploads back at 2012. It's an amazing feeling as a viewer to see you grow in ways that impacted your life outside of Youtube. I keep going back to old videos and song remixes that you upload once in a while, I remember doing a high school assignment where I would wear-like and explain a life of a celebrity to one of their recent successes and I choose you Pewds, growing up with your content really does makes my day full of laughter. Now I'm a year to graduating college, can't believe how much has changed. Discovering your channel has lead me to discovering new things to play with my friends or to find new positive outlets in my life back then, and now I'm growing up by that discoveries and on my way on making new ones. Seeing that brofist, sent me waves of feelings that almost got me into tears, keep doing what you do best Pewds, which is what you want. *Brofist*
I wish i had Felix’s aka pewds willpower to do youtube like he does. Is that part of him that makes me a bit jealous. Youtube would stress me out
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
Bro Fist!
That brofist came out of no where and hit like a Nostalgic train
Hey felix, thanks for all these past years...
Love from India🇮🇳
Do what ever you want man we will support you no matter what 👍
felix deserves to quit. We need to make a petition
We support you, enjoy japan man, do videos when you feel like it, or dont!,no Rush no panic
'Hold onto that dream baby, hold onto it real tight.' - Biggie Smalls' Mum (Sky's The Limit)
he achieved 100% completion trophy in this channel
I like ur headphones
I was gonna have a aneurysm
Bro fist after a decade 🤣🤣
Just enjoy Life how you want Felix, i'll be here whenever you have something to share ! 👊
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
he's living the dream
After more than a decade you're a part of our lifes. Thank you for being a good person and a funny guy, really
I don't know if this headphones is from 1903 or is the headphone that Kevin Heart told about on James Corden
Felix, you have raised so many children into grown ass adults, you will always have an audience. But the fact you upload whenever you feel like it and still attract new audience says something about your videos and your persona. We will always appreciate you regardless of how many(if any) videos you upload.
I am a 44 year old mother and I remember the day when my son started talking about this strange concept Pewdiepie. Didnt understand one thing about it back then, but look at me know. Hi Felix. Thanks for being here. Take care. ✌🏻🧚‍♀️, someones mum.
people who enjoy things they are doing is the most relaxing and satisfying things to watch. Happy for you Felix
He is the legend of youtube! Sometimes things won't happen fast or you just get bored with them if you do them often! Even if Felix stops his own career as a youtuber, we can at least approve his decisions!
1:43     W
Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
🤔🤔🤔🤔
Bruh I’ve been here since the compilation videos lol bro fist!!!!!
book review when?
I pray whoever eyes catch this comment god gives you the strength you need to over come every battle your facing. May the dark thoughts and overthinking, the doubts exit your mind right now. May replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill in your life   Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
Dont ever quit ffs !!
Please make Minecraft videos again we want it, I am watching all the series all over again and they were so good, I know it takes a lot of effort but it would be epic, please felix just another episode
I enjoy these chill upload. It's nice to get a glimpse of you doing what you like and get to enjoy life the way you want it, got to learn some things too from you.
your bro fist made my day felix :)
I  salute
HEJHEJMONIKAHEJPÅDEJMONIKA!!!!!!! ❣️
been here since the amnesia videos! love you bro
You can rest now 👑
Cheers pewds!
It makes me so happy that he's happy
Monieh
love you and your content felix! been here since 2012
Figure out your hobby, start a family, live life to the fullest... start a company... you made a ton of money and this is your personal time... do youtube as much or as little as you want
Whatever you'll do, I'll stick around for it. Thank you for so many years of content, no matter the subject!
Are you still going to keep playing scary games??
We need to appreciate Felix for making videos
Good job Felix :)
Nah man don't lie mf.
i fucking LOVE the Japan vlogs. It's my dream to move there just because of you
I pray whoever eyes catch this comment god gives you the strength you need to over come every battle your facing. May the dark thoughts and overthinking, the doubts exit your mind right now. May replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill in your life   Congrats to Everyone who is Early and Found this Comment
MEME REVIEW
👍
Aw, I appreciate you Pewds. Sorry I had to stop watching you because you're in Japan. And Japan won't let me in. lol, I'll watch you again when I'm back to Japan 😂
I have always wondered how one would go about retiring on YouTube, it hasn’t really happened at all because it is such a new style of work. I always thought how hard it would be to leave all the friends and fans behind. I guess it is fitting that the first to join YouTube will be the first to leave (or semi leave). I support everything you do Felix and I think you deserve to relax. Although if you do decide to fully quit it would be great to see some sort of check up video once every few months other wise loosing you as a creator would be way more painful if you just disappeared.
Thank you for updating us sir Pewds! I'm glad you enjoy what you are doing right now :)
Are those Audeze LCD-2's or 3's? Either way nice choice for headphones!
i thought  was ready to say goodbye when you said you're about to retire. but these last 2 years, i wouldn't have hold on without your vids. it's tough and you've been giving us enjoyment and something to look forward to every week. so thank you, for every video you upload
Respect
Claim your early ticket   👇
Don't know if u are reading the comments. But if u are: honestly i enjoy your content more and more recently. It is the same joyfull casual pewds i grew up watching. U are a few years older then me and i alwayse feel like u are the cool brother i never had. Especially if u have some of those deeper videos when u talk about fylosofie or your book list. Reeeallyyy love the vlogs of Japan, content and edits are just on point. Keep doing the things you love!
i'll never get tired of watching you! <<<333
Love you bro
I’m glad you never gave up on us Pewds as someone else said you are a YouTube veteran the platform wouldn’t feel the same without you! <3
Thank you
ay yo  nice
I'm not a fan of the vlog videos, but you know what? When I want to see some older type of your videos, I can watch your older videos. How simple. One of the things I appreciate is that you are changing throughout the years. Thank you Pewds for being with us for so long
This makes so much sense to me.  What a great way to live your life. Why do things that you are expected to do? Why try growing your channel? Well....You decide why and if you want to in the first place. Thanks Felix. Just such a quality human being.
If you really wanna surf, visit Portugal, Ericeira.
Don’t fret Felix, here for the journey you do you boo!
I join on the "edgy" state of your channel, and I think grow up with you. At this point of my life, I just want to relax myself and watch soft videos like yours. Books, philosophy and reflection are definitely my favorites. You have been my company on a lot of "studies breaks" and alone lunchs at work. Thanks for keep doing it.
Nice neck excersize mr pie
We just wanna see you enjoy your life Bro. That's really all we wish for you and maybe one day we'll enjoy life too.
A dying fading away lwai meme intro would be a nostalgic thing to hear nowadays, how the years have gone
the 19 year olds will forever be here Felix! Happy for you man
Man I grew up with this dude, I’ve gained 30 lbs cuz he encouraged us to work out, I just enjoy watching anything he films. Thanks for everything and things to come pewds
Every person needs a purpose in life, I bet quitting would feel weird 2 minutes later
Do what you enjoy.
really straight up and relatable guy, literally wanted to quit the best thing to happen on youtube
Props to you for doing this for as long as you have and still staying somewhat consistent after “retirement”
❤❤❤
Your getting too old
Felix brother whatever u do makes me wanna watch more  Soo you doo you
I’m clamshell Dan, and I say “brofis”
Its incredible how most of us share our experiences with felix, and how we gree with him. Its great. Thank you for everything felix, which is already a lot
I will always see Felix as a friend of mine that I'll be happy with his happiness and sad with his sadness. I think the most of us are happy to see stuff from you Pewds. Keep up what you like to do and we'll be here to enjoy it <3
I've been watching since before 1mil and you've been a huge inspiration for me since I was in highschool (25 now). We appreciate you Pewds, hope you realize that you really have changed lives even if you feel like some of the content is a little shallow. When times where dark, you were always there with a video too cheer me up and I couldn't be more grateful for that.❤️
I personally still think pew news, meme review, lwiay etc is fun. But I understand you Felix. You don't have to always care about other people's opinion about you. Just keep uploading what you love, you'll always have audiences waiting for your update video.
thank you for being in my life pops
You can't leave. That's illegal.
Okay, but when is happywheels part 2645 coming out though?
we love you doing vlogs about your life.  It's inspiring and very entertaining
The real endgame: Trash taste podcast   Fr though, you and Marzia deserve every success you've gotten. You do whatever makes you happy in life. We're here supporting you as always. 💜💜
I've been watching you for over a decade now and I will watch another decade if you want to continue! Much love! <3
i've got mad respect for you man :) i've been around for the majority you've been uploading on this channel and being a part of this journey has been a wild ride and i'm glad to see you grow! also i'm so glad you're enjoying japan!
Some things never do change 😅
Has Pewds every liked a subscribers comment ? Has anybody ever notice a time ?
Looking at Felix makes me realise how much I have changed too. Pewds has been a huge influence on me and my personality. I wouldn't say I am as good of a man he is but he really helped shaping how I look at things and all of that while reviewing memes and subreddits. It has been a great ride. There are tons of people who feel just like me. Thank you Felix.
I love your vlogs, theyre like an escape for all of us to live your life with you and see a general happiness 👏
The best thing about this video was him confirming this still makes him happy. The content we want is you being happy.  Even if that meant no more content tbh 👊🏻
Tambourine to the moon!
Come for surf in Australia
Congratulations on finding the og youtuber mind space to just have fun
love it
don't quit i like the vlogs
Pewds you are a legend already and you posting is just a bonus
😎👊🙏✌️❤️
Pewds listen, to follow your inclination in life, one must get info and do on all sorts of stuff. Variety is essential for making connections in your mind for continuity and purpose and therefore a hindering of natural emotional derangement which comes by time gradually.
But is math related to science 🥲
VLOG VLOG VLOG VLOG VLOG
Just upload anything you want, anytime you want king. We just want you to be happy and have fun.
Will you try Holocure? Just for fun and your opinion a lil bit.
I've been through so much in my life and your content has always stuck with me and I've grown really attached to you as a content creator, I can relate certain key points in my life to certain phases and videos of yours, it's really heartwarming to think about it all, regardless of how you decide to run your channel, I'll always be proud of you and Marzia and most important of all you deserve the good life you choose to live.
I am glad
Respect to Felix for entertaining us all these years. You've done enough for us, just do whatever makes you happy now.
We watch for you Pewds! Much love👊🏻
I don't think I missed a single upload since I started watching you 9-10 years ago, we are here for the personality
We still love your videos always had and always will😄
Ngl i kinda forgot pewnews existed which drives felix’s point lol
that brofist :)
Keep showing us Japan, i've been loving those video's and it seems you been loving that too <3
1:47 i was kinda relieved for some reason
I don't speak for everyone but i'll continue to support you as long as you're happy with everything, happy that i was part of your journey through seeing you from start to now.
I believe that regardless of how successful you get In life, its always important too keep busy. I believe that even If I won like a powerball I would still fly part time. Keep It going Felix, do you and keep busy the way you believe will keep your self sane and have a natural mental health.
why would you thank us as if you haven't been grinding for 10+ ye ars? as if you haven't given us countless hours of entertainment, and games ive been introduced to because of you. thank you.
Do whatever you want felix ! we the bros still support you till the end !
We love you, Pewds. We would hate to see you go. I, personally, am very happy you're still around and I'm glad that you can lay back and relax with your youtube position. :D Handle it the way you need to, we aren't going anywhere.
So many people are happy you are still here! We Will always support you, whatever you choose to do ❤️
Man just do what makes you happy❤️❤️
We are just happy that felix still uploads!! And we can't wait to see what happens in the future
What headphones do you use man? They look so nice
I love u bro.
Please go back to gaming videos where you played random games. 10 mins sweet and simple videos
That’s such great news I’m excited to see the stuff you enjoy uploading!! Don’t ever quit 🙂
were in the epilogue now
I think this new Japan chapter really is a chance for Felix to reinvent himself as a YouTuber. He has already to an extent, with the chill new vibe of these ‘discovering Japan Vlogs‘ (loving Marzia’s editing style!). But since he’s already made it, and has nothing to prove, he can just do whatever he feels and maybe even experiment a bit. The time I’ve spent in Japan has made me a completely different person, and also totally shifted my perspective as an artist and content creator. I wouldn’t expect anything less from PewDiePie. Keep exploring, bro!
honestly been watching felix do this for so long that after everything he's been through it's really nice seeing him be a bit more about himself and reflecting on his experiences that has made him to the person he is today
DUDE I'd watch anything you post.
goodluck surf mr felix
Just gonna say, i love you man. I just wish you the best, you always give us smile whenever you upload and you deserve everything you getting right now pewds. 👊
Dear Felix im a massive fan and i just wana say i wait and look at ur channel every day for a new video and when i see one im realy happy so please dont quit i rply hope u dont
We miss your gaming and memes videos 💜
Pewdiepie hate train hasnt really subside and they will find out of context content to hate. Im glad that youre finally having fun again and enjoy youtube and we enjoy seeing you enjoy it
Get into your zen.
Nah bro dont quit..!!  Never never ever quit
Maaannn..time flies by sooo fast... started watching his videos since 2018 and never skipped any of his daily uploads...now we are here...pewds played a huge role in my life...the point when i was stuck and depressed till now... YouTube won't be the same for me without seeing pewds daily uploads comming in the top.... love you my man always ❤️❤️❤️❤️...🇮🇳
Feeeelix
Whenever someone tells you that you should quit or stop posting videos, just remember that those people could NEVER, and will never, touch and help as many people as you have with your videos.
I like how your still upload even tho it's not like you upload everyday when your at your peak. Keep up, we are always here to still support!
Youtube is not a real job.
I've been following you since almost the beginning, and it's amazing to see how happy and fullfilled you are now! I'm very happy for both you and Marzia, and just wishing you the best on whatever you decide to do. <3
Is and always will be the best tuber
love u papa pewds
I hope you find the support you're looking for and what you really want out of life. But I would love to see Friday's with pewdiepie :3
Hello Pewdiepie! Nice to see you.
Predispose
those headphones are sick
I love your videos, especially the vlogs in japan. Keep it up
Rest easy king
Let's be real most people work till their 65. What will you do with your life if you retire in your 30s. Even if u had all the money you needed even that gets boring according to rich people 😂
Im happy that Felix still uploads, it brings back the good old times when he was king. It might not be the same now but he still cheers me up.
no matter what you decide to do, I just hope you enjoy it too the fullest
Doowutchyalike
Hey Pewds, don't pressure yourself too much, focus on yourself more than your audience. It's great to know that you're doing youtube for fun now man!
Wooooo
Whenever there are people who feel let-down because of a change, remember that the opposite is true as well. And yes, short content on yt and TikTok is indeed a cancer to attention spans. Nice update video <3
bro just quit youtube if you want, you dont need it
I liked the part when Felix said "its quittin time"
Peak clickbait, commenting before this goes viral.
If u appreciate us let us take pic with you 😡
good stuff man but those headphones are looking like "idiot sandwich meme" on camera.
I like whatwver you do, but honestly, since I've been also growing up as you do, I kind of enjoy this more mature content more
Thanks for all the laughs and memories pewds **bro fist**
Do not quit
Kinda Early for the GOAT
You're having fun and that is what matters
How I wish Youtube back to 2017 algorithm... now how Youtube more and more like Tiktok so youtube lose the it's charm...
Jesus loves you and God bless
Just don't ever quit man
Having you in this platform is really comfortable in a way..I dunno but maybe I just watched your for so long now that without you here it would just feel incomplete. I am so glad you're enjoying your life rn Felix, we support you and you're a big chad for staying here in YT even tho you said you already retired. Love you!
GROWTH
Thanks for everything pewds you keep doing you and we'll always be entertained.
He such a pillar in the YouTube industry. 111m subs and still growing. Inspiration for small content creators like myself
Just enjoy doing what you love Pewds. You've worked hard on building this channel and has made your community entertained and happy. Time to sit back and just enjoy the life you've dreamed of.
2.8st
Been watching you the past 10 years and love the fact you have brought us on you and marzias journey ❤️ love you guys.
im so damn early
A lot of people enjoy seeing you happy, no matter if that means playing games, reviewing a book, blogging, cooking or just chilling. Just focus on doing you, living your life and growing.
Real
Hi Pewds I've been watching you since I was 15 and I'll be turning 25 soon (crazy) and I just wanted to thank you for the countless hours of entertainment you've provided to us all. You truly devoted a large section of your life to us and I am so glad I could have been a part of it.  I'm sure most of us 9-year olds  respect that now your focus for YouTube  is just to have fun.    I'd just like to let you know that even though you don't upload as regularly, it's still such a great feeling to see youve dropped a new video and I'm sure everyone still appreciate it as much as I do!  PS. Is math related to science?
I'm here for the wholesome content that makes him happy 😊
I'm wondering what kind of visa you Felix would need to get in order to be able to live in Japan if you quit youtube. Personally I'm here because I have a spouse visa (I'm married to a Japanese citizen), and I work as a translator. I'm assuming you have an entertainer visa, and if you quit Youtube you would need to get some other kind of job that supplies you with a visa or else you would be forced to leave Japan by the time your visa ran out.
wouldn't hurt if we can see updates on your life (the idea of parting is just sad to me after all these yrs together on YT)
Will watch you tell you quit. Love the Japanese vlogs. Enjoy the life experience Felix is sharing now . Don't quit pweds
This reminds me of walter white's last moment "All the things that i did, you need to understand, i did it... for me I liked it I was good at it I was.. really..  I was alive" Pewdiepie is to youtube as walter white is to meth business
Pewds if you start playing games like gta 5 geometry dash or something, you start getting so many subscribers again
I find it interesting that now I realize the comments are calling you Felix instead of Pewds. I guess we are all getting older.
It's good to see you uploaded content it's become very nostalgic considering you have been uploading so long.
Jack, Pewds, and Mark made my childhood.  I had no friends and was alone all of the time and when I discovered Youtube, they just filled the void on my lonely child heart.
6:00 I agree. A lot of the content that we may consume on the Internet can be merely a distraction that gives us nothing of significant value in life.
So as I see it, you're riding the wave, you paddled, caught the wave, rode the crest, and although you could just bail out, why not ride it all the way into the beach now all the hard work is done and step off into the sand when the wave has reached its end.   You don't build just to watch it rot away, you maintain and it lasts a lifetime, because you never know what piece of shit is going to hit a fan somewhere and fly into your face, and then you have to go all Dark Sven.
Felix was my childhood. I dont really watch him anymore but i will always appreciate him and wish him the best in whatever he does.
Hi
damn. <33
I don't know if you gonna read this or not.. I agree that most of the content you posted over years was forgotten in a day or two because it's shallow like you say, under developed or even unimportant like following stupid internet drama sagas.. but you know that you were the best thing out of your channel, for me I didn't watch your videos because I care about minecraft or jake paul being roasted, your amazing personality, super smart sense of humor and how you see everything and talk about it is everything about this channel.. I watched you everyday for years and that helped me to get better as person. I just think you missed the opportunity to get out of youtube, I believe you had the potential to have your own big shows on tv or other platforms or even be an actor for Hollywood animation movies, things didn't work out that way because of new society rules i guess.. you peaked and got everything you can have from youtube.. easy on yourself now, enjoy your life and use youtube whenever you want if you still love it. ❤️
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Being retired is cool and all but man, open up the subreddit bruh, its been 2 months
Much love ❤️
PewDiePie never quit YouTube until death. We love you and love your videos.
We enjoy any content you upload, and we’ll support you no matter what <3
Quiting would be like male to female  genital reconstruction, you can come back but you already chopped off your...
If you ever get banned or sick of youtube, try out oddessy
i dont want you to quit, your japan vlogs gave me so much comfort and growing up with you is the best
So now you can finally beat Dark Souls 2.
Pls don't quit Felix 🥲 It's really hard to watch something end after having so many experiences with it...
Still didn't get the vid with markiplier though. U know THE VIDEO
mrbeast will be probably very happy
Whatever the decision whether you're quitting, or not, or just uploaded updates once in a while we'll be here man. You're my childhood and my adolescence growing up.
Whatever you wanted to do do it even though sometimes some people cannot enjoy your content it's up to them don't be affected by the views just enjoy doing the things you wanted to do 💪💪💪💪💯💯💯💯
I grew with your channel. It may not be from the very start but those were and IS still the days where i feel euphoric seeing your videos appear on my notifications. It may not be as frequent anymore but I still love it and anticipate every video you release. Thanks Felix and Marzia!
Thank you so much for sticking through and keep uploading. You were and always will be my favourite. Been here since the flappy bird video and now seeing you thriving in Japan honestly make me so so happy ☺️ Just upload whatever you want man, we will support you no matter what >:(((
We found our real life Saitama. A HERO FOR FUN!
whats with the dings? idk if its in the vid or just me xD
look at those headphones
PewDiePie is the real King
Bring back the book reviews !
There’s always gonna be haters no matter what you do so just keep up doing what makes you happy
Play the mourtuary assistant! yYYYEEE
Felix, love that you share your Japan experiences with us, love the vlogs, love EXACTLY how the channel is now, and glad you’re going to continue doing things this way! We look forward to discovering Japan, right along with you, and the videos with Ken, the occasional gaming uploads, everything! Thanks for allowing us the opportunity to be able to share in these things, and for always knowing exactly what your next move is going to be, and doing it because your channel, to us at least, is perfect!💕
I’m glad you didn’t quit. Excited to see what the future holds
thanks for being yourself after all those years, you've overcome a lot of drama, bs, people trying to cancel you just because they are on twitter agenda. Thanks for being the best bro and inspration for us Pewds, love you 👊🏼
I've been watching your COD videos since I was a kid, learning English via your channel (probably some Swedish too xD). I'm happy for you. I believe we all wanted you to do things you enjoyed and not feel forced to do.
💕
Good for you dude. Glad you can do what makes you happy.
YyYYOoOo RARE BROFIST!!!! 👊👊👊
Nice Headphones dude
Thats why he no 1
those headphones are sexy
always saying the n word
Is it just me or does his shirt look scarily dark... Bro literally wearing the void
👊👊👊👊👊👊
An absolute king
Grew up watching now I’m 25, time flies by :(
me in 2014, 11 years old: brofist!!! 👊 me now: 👊😭
I really thought you already retired but watching your current vids satisfies your audience after years of hardwork that finally paid off
you look cute again with the nicely cut blond hair and blue eyes. DON'T EVER GET A BUZZ CUT AGAIN MAN
my favourite content creator for a long time and i'll continue supporting your life doing whatever you feel you want to do much love
😊
Vi är här för dig, såsom du har varit här för oss, alla de här åren. Så många saker som jag inte skulle ha upptäckt utan dig, allt jag har upptäckt tack var dig. Minnena av att komma hem från skolan och kolla på ttt medans jag dricker oboy. Du har varit en del av så många personers uppväxt, och vi uppskattar dig. ❤️
New PewDiePie is best PewDiePie. Love this content.
i wouldnt care if he uploads a few times a year, but if he stops forever that would be ... that would leave such a big hole in youtube and in many peoples life. I hope he keeps an online presence, even if its really rare, that would even make it so special.
I love you
like my dad always said, if you enjoy what you do you don’t have to work a day in your life and it’s not about the money. we love and support you pewds!
why does Felix looks like Anakin from The Obi-wan Series?
please dont quit man
That clock noise throughout most of the video drove me nuts
Please don't quit!
WE love you, Pewds :)
I was 12 when I started watching the channel and now 10 years later I'm still happy to be here.
I'm so glad for you! It's been a wild ride and we're still here!
Just do whatever you want and there always be people who will enjoy watching it on your channel! I am with you, bro! thanks for all these years. Keep it up!
Thank you for everything
Im really glad you're still here. Even if you slow down, ill be happy to see your videos
This is his “I’m not fuckin leavin” moment
No matter what you upload and how many views you get , as long as you have fun just don’t hesitate to share your joy with us :) you have a lot loyal fans out there you know ? Just take your sweet time uploading what you want and there’s no need to stress it , just don’t quit  we love you
I'm so glad you didn't quit😭
We r with u king👑
You are best on youtube 😍
nahhh your dead
What are those figures on your shelf? They look like a RG Eva unit 1 to me and a MG Nu Gundam, but idk could be wrong
Your the man felix
That’s where you won my respect. Who cares about everyone else. You do what makes you happy
My eyes watered up when you said they lived happily ever after. I love everything you put out. Do you king!
All good Pewds, gotta do what makes you happy man! All the best.
Keep it up, Pewds! You're happy?! We're happy! We've been along for so many years... You deserve all that you're enjoying now. Cheers...!
Thankyou felix
I believe that if you enjoy making videos, just make videos, don't even worry about everything else. That's just me though.
Audiophile pewds audiophile pewds
You goo 👑king 💕 you'll be always in our heart and soul
new vlog soon?? those are so much peaceful and mesmerizing  to watch.
Felix, you pretty enjoyed fuck around in skyrim? Should we wait for more Skyrim streams?
It's great to hear that you've decided to come back , we want to see you to have fun and less stressful while making contents.  And even you've decided to quit YouTube in the future , that's understandable since you've been making videos for a longest time in your career.  But again,  it's nice to see you come back and hopefully things will went well as you're making videos for all us and have fun ,Felix. 👊
Give me book review and vlogs and I’m a happy man, your content is the best when you’re the happiest 👌
SOSIG -Secret Radal
ok
Damn
I actually look forward more to your uploads in the last year whereas before I just watched a few here and there, your channel has such an easy going , feel good vibe lately
I'm happy for you Felix! You made my teenage years better, I remembered I started watching you since you still had the "Fridays with Pewdiepie" segment and now I'm old af and stuck in college for 8 years lol
dont quit whats wrong with u
No matter what you do , we will always support you pewds
Why are we still here? just to suffer?
yours was the first channel i ever subscribed to i think i even made my youtube account when i was 14 just to sub to you i lived for fridays with pews and all the slender and amnesia now im am 26 years old and my mates and i still dont trust barrels but its an awesome feeling watching you over 10 years later with the love of your life winning at life and even though my mates thought i was cringe bro fisting the screen i never missed one  👊🏼
Keep doing whatever you want Felix, we'll be watching you no matter what!
Been in and out of this channel a lot, started as a "hater" or whatever you wanner call it. The early screaming videoes of games i just could not understand ppl would watch. Althou i did enjoy the various memes videos that came out. The videos i most enjoy is where Pewds is just doing what he thinks is fun or talking about something he is has passion about.
You do you, Felix just know that no matter what us Bros are always gonna have your back
It's good to never give up
i miss gaming pewdiepie. but if this your decision about your channel in the future so its okay as long you enjoy it.
Do your thing Felix, we're with you!!!!!
Heartwarmed by the unexpected brofist, thank you
I bet you’ll still enjoy the occasional stream with your very beloved fans.
He did the bro fist OMG he did the thing, så kul
In an alternate universe, Felix never look back
👊
do what ever you want kid, its your life, if you upload i will still watch. thank you for all these years
You are amazing❤️ love you❤️
Yoooo
Love his new videos and genuinely happy him and Marzia are living their dreams. Glade he didn't quit!! It'd be kinda empty w/o him.
Bro, you're an ancient relic
I loved the most the videos where you offer your really insightful and intuitive views on life and other matters. and the vlogs are so wholesome. I have no idea about gaming 😅
Ok but why did Marzia quit?
love ur content
PewDiePie
Stay strong king, the bro army's gotchu
Seriously???? THOSE HEADPHONES?????
Watching videos about how you started YouTube is what inspired me to get started on my own thing with YouTube. More than two years later and it’s finally taken off to the point where I can support myself financially. Thanks for inspiring me Pewdiepie! Keep doing what you want to do!
I get you. A lot of us do. We all grew together. Looking back those vids are pretty lame but back then, they were good times. Just as well, I don't watch all your vids coz I don't have the time as well. Nonetheless I'm glad I was part of everything the channel went through. I hope someday I get the chance to meet you. That is all
man, I've grown up with this man and I don't think I'm particularly upset that he's taking his own approach to his career. I'm just glad to see him happy
Thank you for paving the way for so many and not pulling the ladder up or forgetting about those who helped get you here. A bro fist from all of us. Great job keep it up.
Whatever you decide to do, if that's what makes you truly happy then go for it you deserve it❤️ you have our support
straight up facts
After watching Felix's channel since elementary school, every upload now feels like an update video of a family member. Seeing him move to and enjoying japan feels like a big brother showing me how he's doing now in another country.
Play Minecraft modpacks  Play with youtubers Don't upload cringe things
Being yourself is better then faking your personality to act cool and gain views  I'm happy to see you having fun and a good life felix
Happy wheels lead me to this channel TT
I found pewds about halfway through his career and he helped me get through so much pain in my life. I’ve always supported him through all of his controversy and he was always able to make me laugh. In a world full of hatred pewds shined through. Good luck pewds I hope the future shines bright on you as well. I feel like I’m saying goodbye for some reason like this is it. Im in tears but they’re happy and proud of you tears. Thanks  again 👊🏽
As if anyone will quit a channel with 100M subscribers
A
I'm just glad you still upload it's like having an old friend even though they dunno who they hell you are on the other end.
Your life is EVERYTHING!You serve ALL PURPOSE! You should treat yourself NOW!And give yourself, a piece of that oxygen, in the ozone layer, that's covered up so then you can breathe in this blue trapped bubble!Cause you know I'm here for it!To worship YOU! Love YOURSELF! I mean that with a hundred percent! With a thousand percent!
Felix you can drive a right hand drive car so dam well I'm impressed
It’s wild to me that he’s still like this, humble and not completely conceited after having a population base that is larger than the country of Egypt directly supporting him, and so many more that aren’t subscribed.
Man, that Bro fist made me tear up. Happy for you Pewds! Always will be.
Felix you can drive a right hand drive car so dam well I'm impressed
ah yes never change, that bro fist 😁
Your choice!! love ya pewds
応援してます🙂🙂
Cool
You know you’ve made it when you can basically upload anything and still get the support from your fans
Pewdiepie you are my dad
I subbed at 5 million subscribers when you did your walking dead playthrough. I will continue to support you and I thank you for the good times.
YESSSS! Prob best news ive herd this week. Stay strong pewdiepie
Don't quit man
“If you feel like quitting,     Think about why you started”  Felix took that quote personally
what kind of headphones are these...half of your head man))))
I'm just glad that even though you consider yourself retired. You still put up videos for us to watch. Thank you for the awesome videos!
I Like that
If you quit I will cry
Pewds is my favorite yt creator forever! Still number 1👊🏼❤️❤️❤️❤️
I like the vlogs. I think at this point pewds should just upload what he wants
It's been such a joy watching you grow with your channel. Keep doing you, bro.
We just enjoy and support whatever you wanna do,  you do you :)
Kanha
I missed PewDiePie screams!!
Even though you have pulled a good quid on one platform, you've got more to offer.
So glad you are having fun like when you started! If you are happy keep it up, I'll support you no matter what you post or when you post
You are climbing so hard for the past few times, And now, it is the best time to enjoy yourself in a place you wanted to be when you started this journey, Thats a random mountain hiking quotes I could find that I think fit with your situation,  You deserve this, for real, you really deserve this ... Now, its time to enjoy your time ...
Honestly, even if your channel becomes you just sharing interesting occurrences in your life, discussing books you love and/or have read recently or whatever you decide to do I'm here for it. Do I miss the old pewds? A little, after all it WAS one of your horror reaction compilations that brought me in back in 2014 or 2015. However, I'm more excited to see more of what you're doing now. Especially since every video recently has been of someone who is achieving their dreams, who is happy with their life and loves making these videos. You just keep doing you, dude.
so i dont rly understand the video, he will quit or what?
I hate it when you quit YouTube but when it time that you gonna quit I’m going to repect that and move on thank you Felix for being apart of my childhood
You are truly the reason why YouTube is the best website
Even tho people my have their favorite content, at the end of the day all of your real fans just want to see you happy and upload whenever and whatever you want. Honestly i'd rather have monthly videos of you reviewing toilet paper than never seeing you upload again.  And that's because the content of the video is secondary, the thing the real fans come back for is YOU and and whatever you decide to post.  All love Felix, take care brother
very grateful for all ur content. it always cheers me up and makes my day. altho it does change, i still enjoy the new vids u offer and if i ever miss the old content, i can just go back to ur older vids so it doesn’t matter. im glad that ur just having fun. among all these content creators on youtube, ur a fresh breath of air. will always support u
just treat your youtube channel as a memory album you can watch when ur old. We'll gladly watch it
Happy our man Pewds is good and feeling no pressure.
Absolutely baller using Audeze LCD 2’s as a studio headset
will you do a special video when mr beast overtakes you in sub numbers?
My favorite pews era was the Minecraft renascence. But you go to follow your heart pews the fans will always love you
I still remember when he was planning to delete his YouTube channel. He was joking but I can feel that he was considering it. I'm glad that he didn't delete his channel and in happy to see him where he is right now. More strength and blessings to you pewds. I've been watching you since 2014 and I'm glad to see how far you have reached and looking forward how far you will go 💯
Choose now!!! It's us or u 🔫
I missed PewDiePie screams!!
Have fun surfing! 🌊🏄🏼
Felix just being the consistent ytr at 100mil+ subs just grinding thats the passion we love to see!
Pewdiepie can quit youtube and still be the best youtuber on the platform. So at the end of the day it's your decision on how you want to end your youtube career
Stop worrying about us king you already made it to the top. You do not have to prove anything to us or your self
We're grateful that you're here, Pewds/Felix. Thank you for staying. 😭💖
Dude, you made it to the top, now you are the king, you can make the rules. Just do it the way you feel it and yea some will be disappointed, but those who really love you, we want the best for you, do it on your own terms. If you post two days in a row and then not for weeks or months, its fine, just do you.
So basically you’re saying that you now have a life and you want everybody else to simply just FUCK OFF? Yup I feel you bro
Felix finally realized what we like to watch are the videos he likes and wants to make. We like him for who he is. I'm glad that he knowing this brings peace to his mind.
Felix Family Channel in 15 years 🤔🤔
The King rise time to time to check on his peoples
I enjoy it keep going lol the vlogs are cool
I remember this guy playing that korean horror one game good times
7 min video made me feel like it's 2016 again before the 10min mark goal everyoene aimed for for their ad revenue
I am so glad you didn't quit Felix, I will always be here supporting you, your content, whatever that may be and also your life, I truly appreciate you sharing the amazing experiences you, Marzia and the pugs are having in Japan and I am excited to see what creative content you will come up in the future.   Aging, maturing, growing, doesn't have to have an "end point", most people's perspective on life is that you have to retire and get old but I want to always be full of energy, have a creative outlet (my current job) and project myself in the future, no matter how old I get. Always with you Felix :)
Thank YOU, Felix. I think a lot of us here grew up watching you and we went through changes, just like you did, but it was never about the type of content really, it was about your personality and the community you created that kept us here. Sure, you can't please everyone, especially when you have hundreds of millions following you, but letting us down was never an option. We owe you so much, Pewds, and seeing you happy and relieved is so wholesome and you deserve every moment of it. We're just happy that you decided to take us for the ride and whatever you decide to do next, we'll be here to support you. Just like how you were there for us for more than a decade.
From Saudi Arabia and  just won’t tell you don’t stop 👏🏼 Felix 🧡 the one 😎
I wonder if he bought the headphones because of watching Dankpods
You are retired. I understand and respect it even if others don't.
12 years and he's still pulling off 1 million views on every video.
Do more japan vlogs please. really enjoyed them !!!!
that headset is HUGEEEE!
I think it's okay that you don't upload regularly anymore. It'll be like that friend that you don't see that much anymore, but when you do, you pick up right right where you left off like it's nothing. You are still just as good friends even if you don't see each other that often.
You deserve to make the content that makes you happy. Thanks for everything over the years and I’ll continue to watch. Enjoy your life, pewds!
Pewds, God of War: Ragnarok is coming out in November...
Was watching this while sleeping, Those 3 guitar strums woke me up. Thanks Felix.
Facts
This is the first time where all the comments are basicly the same and i don't mind it at all
this mf gotta realse hes still the king of yt like bro has withstood the test of time and on the internet that means alot
There is hope and wholeness in your eyes, Felix. I can see it.
@pewdiepie loved the journey.
WE will forever be brofist gang! <3 Whatever you do FELIX, WE HOPE YOU AND MARZIA HAVE A WONDERFUL, HAPPY and BEAUTIFUL LIFE! Also, the support will never stop because we have grown to care about you as our friend, brother, bestie whatever. Thanks for being so consistent but it is definitely time for you to really enjoy life! <3 all the best!
Hi
Hi Felix, I've been watching since i was like 11 (im 18 now) and I've never respected a youtuber as much as you. Putting you happiness first and preaching on your channel that there is more to life than success and money has helped me massively. I have always been massively success driven (and still am) and have tried numerous ventures to try achieve this and am at the moment but what you have taught me is do it not looking for success but to do what you enjoy and then success will find you when like minded people who care about you and what you do begin to find you. This way you dont burden unnecessary stress and begin to make the most of your life by doing what you like. Love you pewds <3
You be you felix, we all love you and we can see in the way you make your vids that you love us too. I hope you will enjoy yourself whenever you can 💪🏻
I’ve been watching Felix for nearly a decade across several channels. I’m 29 now and Felix/The PewDiePie channel has always been that one thing that has always been there. I hope he finds new meaning to keep making content as his life changes. It doesn’t always have to be for the same reason but I hope the inspiration to make videos never dies.  It doesn’t have to be something to grow out of.. it can be something you evolve with your life.
👊bro fist
I think I've watched every single upload since 2014 And i thank you for everyone one them Happy that you've reached this part of life
Honestly to me content from pew news, meme review, book review was one of bests. I also love when you just live stream and play games for hours, I just keep it on while I do things in the background. Also some games I am not good at so I like to just watch you go through them since I struggle with finishing them XD I wish I was that brave and started youtube 10 years ago too. Keep it up rly be yourself
pewsiepie's headphones lookes weird a little🥴
I feel the same, after all those years we all changed... Changed with you Felix. Everyone took their own path but after all, we are all still bros.
I was just having a reality crisis missing your uploads and your Reddit but then  I come back to youtube right now to see this! Thanks for everything pewds
We love you Pewds ❤️❤️❤️❤️
what your idea about deltarune 2 ?
Minecraft series when?
Bro nevere quit we are here.
Awesome
You do You Pewds, have it your way 😁
One of my favorite memories was during 2017 when me and my classmates binged your videos. I was quite the loner when one of them discovered me watching you play Sophie's Curse because I screamed. They got curious and wanted to see what it was until half of them were sitting beside me in front of my phone. I replayed the video and we all screamed. After that, we went to your Outlast 2 playthrough because they wanted to see more horror. It made me happy go to school and spend time with them because we were all happy watching you play horror games.   I have been watching you since 2014. Growing up with you is a journey and I will forever support you.
Maybe talk about war in Ukraine then
Sum of the video:more money never hurts.
Not me tearing up over this video, just wanted to say that we appreciate you and will be there no matter what you decide to do.  Thank you! The Brofist hits hard in the kokoro lmao
Love you Pewds! As long as you're doing what you love, we're in it!
Eternally a proud 9yr old felix
pewds, could you tell me what brand are these new headphones of yours?
Never felt boring with your videos pewds. We appreciate every little things you share with us. Thank you for keep doing it.
“When you feel like quitting, think about why you started”
Felix has already done so much in all of these years that I really don't fell like asking for he do a certain type of content, you do you bro, sometimes I watch what you put sometimes I don't feel like it but thats fine, still have a huge respect for you
Pewds, do anything that makes you happy. We’ll always support u
❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm so glad you didn't ❤
keep doing this love u man
Start a minecraft hardcore series please PewDiePie I like you so much you are so funny
for someone who started watching at age 14/15 (26 now) i feel like i have grown with the channel. i must admit i have been watching on and off for the last years but there was always content i enjoyed. And the japan vlogs are just so relaxing and interesting to watch so keep it up!
Felix I hope you know that there are still millions of people that love you and support just the same they would’ve in 2017 it’s been that much of a completely wild crazy amazing ride you deserve to do something that you’d like to do because you’ve done so much for us like you’ve helped many people after a crappy day at school work ect. Cheered people up with your crazy hilarious antics just from the bottom of our hearts thank you Felix for being such an inspiring funny amazing person it means a lot ❤❤❤
Med innholdet du lager nå tror jeg du har samlet en chill og wholesome gjeng som bare vil henge med deg, og du kan være deg selv uten å måtte prestere så mye. Fuck dem som vil ha "det gamle", for du er ikke en robot, du er en person som vokser som alle andre. Jeg har sett på deg i perioder av livet mitt da innholdet ditt har passet meg, og nå fremfor noen gang treffer det perfekt, og da er jeg her for hver eneste video 😊 du minner meg om Jenna Marbles og Julien Solomita om dagen forresten! Rolig og fint innhold med gode vibber og ærlighet 🥰
I absolutely love post retirement Pewds. it's so mellowed out and feels very genuine and personal. like I'm parasocially retired
3:34
you're cool man.
I like Felix 💔💔
I'm so glad you're still here and that you're doing all this for fun now. It makes me really happy that you enjoy making your current content. I wouldn't have it any other way. I feel like I grew along with you, I've been here for so many years and I watched you go through all those different phases with your channel, and I'm really happy with how things are now. I wouldn't want you to force things or burn yourself out. Your happiness and the fact that you're content and relaxed really shine through your videos these days and I much prefer this to you pumping out content just for the sake of grinding and getting those numbers up. I'm just so happy for you, man. It's so freaking nice to see that you're living your dream and you're happy in your personal life and your career. You deserve it. And I'm so happy you're still here.
thats why hes the goat! THE GOAT
Upload whenever you want or don't...
Love to see it my guy
Ofc we support you, It's really great to see you evolve into a mature person, we are happy for you
I had this thought come across my mind the other day about how soon a lot of the big YouTube channels, like the ogs, will be retiring soon. happy for them! But also a little sad cause entertainment won’t be quite the same😂
Pewds, any update about One Piece?
You are an inspiration to me ❤️
W
In our hearts Felix will be the most loved YouTuber ever. But as they say all good things will come to an end. Felix thanks for entertaining us. God bless you. And you will always be at the top of the YouTube hall of fame or some of us. But this knew generation doesn’t understand good content it’s all TikTok etc. Thanks Felix  Thanks.
<3 thank you Felix
BEASTMASTER64 WAS LEGENDARY!
Well you have all the money you could want and live a lifetime if you invest it. Their is really no reason other than the joy of the job for you honestly. Your vibes are definitely different from your days playing Amnesia when I first watched so I have quit watching awhile ago. That said you shouldn't be dissuaded from doing what you wanna do, follow your dreams as much as you hate barrels XD.
You are best 🫶🏻
Just enjoy your life, and until then we'll see you when we see you!
This is an example of a person who's read a lot. He is so calm and reflective. Keep becoming a better person and enjoy your life!
Dude, thanks for NOT really quitting. I grew basically with you, doesn`t matter that I`m your age and actually you are the reason for me to start my own youtube channel. Cheers and I wish you really all the best.
GIGACHAD FELIX
"Enjoy your motherfucking life, that's all the fuck I'm saying" - Katt Williams
Just do whatever makes you feel happy. No ragrets bruv!!!🤣🤣🤣
enjoy and do whatever u want, we'll always gonna be here. luv u
I really enjoy the content nowadays and I basically grew up with this channel since I was 12 (I'm 23 now) and I think its awesome that people aren't pressuring him into making content and I don't even care at this point what he uploads I just like watching the stuff he does and who he is as a person.
What is that headset? It looks pretty good
Like many more I've matured with your channel. I was a teenager when I first started watching your Amnesia videos. Now I'm close to 30 years old, and I've been enjoying your Japan vlogs a lot! (Much more than meme reviews or gaming content for example) So keep doing what you enjoy, because at least for me, thats the content I want to see.
I’m 23 now and I just want to say thank you for the journey, it’s time you enjoy it all champ !
pewds just discovered Hamza
As someone who has been watching felix for many years and seeing him and his channel go through so many different stages I'm just glad that he's happy
TRASH TASTE PODCAST, WHEN?
2479
Beautiful Headset
This man really raised a generation, truly the greatest of all time.
*BeastMaster64 will return*
Im still waiting for Amnesia replay episode 6
*bro fist*
"""One of the best things about dude is that he never takes Credit for himself when he achieves something He always Respect us, the audience, and his team, and he is always polite in all' of his video. We congratulate our selves on this achievement More to Come and every thing to come,....
Book Review
Just uploading makes us happy, just keep enjoying your retirement.
Could you spare 150 subs. Thx. Love to you and M.
FELIX GET UP! ITS TIME TO RISE UP AND TAKE THE SPOT OF NUMBER 1, EVEN IF ITS NOT ON YOUTUBE ANYMORE! TAKE OVER TWITCH OR START A INTERNET WAR FOR ONE LAST TIME.   OR REVIVE A GAME LIKE YOU DID TO MINECRAFT!
Pewds ❤️👊
I love you Pewds, thank you for also noticing the people that supports you and not focusing on the negative comments <3
yaaaa keep doin this. pretty sure close to everyone loves this. so no need to worry we'd leave.
because marzia said she would break up with him if he ever left youtube
Your past is your past. You have evolved and is always trying to better yourself. Some people will never get pass their ego or childish ways. Youtube are like breeding ground for those type of fast money, fast pace type of immature mindset. You have a good head on your shoulders, an amazing wife who is the voice of reasons and your circles that have your back and support.
I think if you upload less videos, it makes it more interesting if a new one gets uploaded.
Äh, vadfan! Det är dags att njuta nu! Ta det i din egen takt liksom! Ingen som "blame:ar" dig för det! :) Hälsningar från hemlandet!
I have been here since about 2011 or so ,  to me you are a giant icon that helped me grow up and grew with me over time, funnily enough watching your videos helped me improve my English and knowledge of all things virtual and social media, Im not alone with this im sure, you have a legacy and left a mark on a generation of youtubers and just overall people in the world, you inspired carriers and made people pursue their dreams, you are a legend Mr. Felix
This is the pewdiepie I love the most! I did enjoy pewnews and meme reviews and shit, but i will always prefer these chill videos where it's just Felix having fun!
i love this man
Felix!! Please do you!! I dont mind any content you made as long as you and marzia exist in it!!! I just want to be a part in your life, I am happy seeing you two happy and enjoying anything that makes you guys happy, but please please don't quit or stop uploading. Your videos has been accompanying me thru exams breaks, every chapter in my life, every ups and downs, and your videos is like a bestfriend to me. I dont mind if its just a vlog or 1 minutes shorts, I dont mind waiting 1 week per upload, but please please dont leave us. But ofc dont feel burdened by my request, I also want to support you in anyway that I can🥰 may you and marzia be happy and healthy for the rest of you guys life❤️
This might sound selfish, but I not ready for pewds to leave my life yet.
Im happy for you man. Im just glad that my favorite creator on youtube still uploads time to time.
Live your life, Felix. Live your life.
Hope you do what ever brings you happiness Filex! that being said... I really hop you'll continue making videos
More book review!!! Pls share chill stuff like book review. Also go back to Call of Duty or something if you want to, we will watch any videogame. Everyone seems to enjoy the vlogs aswell
U should’ve
Man i unsubscribed many youtubers these years because i didn't enjoy of they content  But your channel felix... it never get old  Keep going man  And I'm sorry for my English
Waiting for the part they have 3 kids since they are already married
Would lobe to watch more philosophy stuff.
The youtube GOAT. Thank you Felix for all your hard work. We’ve made A LOT of great memories over the years
Some of us will love anything you do!  for better or wor <3 hopefully for the better
The short answer is money
Ayo?
Köp en segelbåt, far å se en massa skit, filma det, lägg ut. 👍
this is quite a sentimental video but damn those headphones look like they're frying pans stuck to the side of his head
Bro, no matter if there will be one video a week, a month or even a year I will always watch it and support you. Do whatever you want to do. Personally I really really love your Japan vlogs. Japan is one of my dreams as well and seeing you there keeps me even more passionate about Japan. Thank you for that.
Pewdiepie is such an inspiration man, you gotta admit, you love the guy.
Honestly the fact that your channel has grown and changed is why I continue to come back, to see how you are doing and what you are up to. I think it is far better to see a creator grow than to be stuck in one place. Congratulations on all your success and continuing to do what you love.
Thanks for the update Felix!!! Just enjoy Japan with Marzia, Maya and Edgy. Really have fun watching the vlogs felt like we still get to see glimpses of how you guys are doing and enjoying Japan so far. Stay safe and good health to you Mertz and the puggies! Looking forward to whatever you decide to do!
This walk down memory lane was great and Pewds we thank you too! You gave us so much time of your life and it's great to hear your finally enjoying yours to the fullest! It's fun to hear from ya whether it's small blog videos or even just this regardless of schedule.
I know that someday it will end, started watching when I was on elementary and now I am college, my taste on content changed but there is still some channels that I watch till this day. I love how your content changes and I feel that it grows as I grow as a person too.
Side note. The exercising is paying off, you can really see it in your shoulders and neck.  Do you ever feel like you'll go on a massive bulk? I'd love to see you slap on some massive meat. Would make the Internet go wild.
WHUUUUUUT MEMES ARE SHALLOW?! WHUUUUUUUT?!
<3
I think that current form is nice for people who've grown attached to Felix and still want to see him form time to time and for Felix because he does YouTube when he wants without putting any strain on himself
Hey Felix, if it isnt something that would interest you, of course don't do it, but id love it if you'd do another book review, i miss them a lot. I hope you enjoy what japan has to offer!
PEWDIEPIE I LOVE YOU...EVEN IF YOU THE LAST YOUTUBER REMAINING IM TEAM PEEEEEEEEEEWDS. IDC IF YOU SAID THE N WORD. NIGGAH U GOT THE PASS SAY IT LOUD AND PROUD!!!!  LOVE YOU NIGGA
huge headphones, cool video tho
Thanks for making this content king.
can you play the game stray be for u go and all so i dont want you to leave
Started watching you since I was 3rd year high school, that was 11 years ago. Felix, you might not see this comment, but I am grateful for the memories and videos you created. I will forever cherish all the happy wheel, amnesia, pewnews, bottle flip challenges with jack, and many more. Thank you, and may God always bless you and your family. Greetings from the Philippines. :)
pewds is number 1
It should be illegal to be this ear Y
Nooo dont quitt
PLease retire dont wanna see you anymore!!!
How are there this many comments in like 20 min OMG
pewds, i’ve watched you for so long (8+ years), i’ve seen you & your channel go through a lot, in terms of content, style, controversies, etc. i’m not even exaggerating when i say that you’ve been such a huge part of my life, from when i was younger to today. your videos, whatever it was about, pewnews, meme review, lwiay, the minecraft series, etc. i always found it entertaining & they always make my day. personally, what makes me enjoy them more is seeing you having fun/enjoying yourself. so don’t worry and enjoy yourself, ‘cause whatever you want do, we’ll be here to support you!!
rip another legend gone first technoblade then gobachev then the queen and now him
what is that bonk sound? was that intentional or something
Good to see you're still here, Pewds. I've been thinking of continuing my channel, I'm just not sure yet. I've been down in the dumps about it for a while because of the stupid things YouTube has been doing with their policies and procedures, that the want diminishes.  I'll do the same thing you did and look back, remembering to have fun, and hopefully the want and need will come back.  Love the vlogs and your other videos, Pewds. Keep up the great work and no rush. BROFIST! 👊
I guess I'll never be able to say "PewDieBye" 😔
dont quittttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
Eh new headphone 🎧 🤔
Dont quit. I love your videos
You deserve all the relaxation and enjoyment you are experiencing now, pewds!! I could totally understand that after going through so many things, at such a quick pace, sometimes it just feels "right" to take a step back and just.... do what you want to do. It's great that you have decided to tap into your roots and re-discover your beginnings.  You mentioned that you feel like you're "letting down expectations" by switching up some content but know that there's as MUCH as many people who are delighted by it as well. Your recent vlogs really emanate of excitement and wholesomeness that, as a viewer, it feels great to just see you're doing well. We love and support you. I'll say it again --- you deserve what you have now pewds.
bro we'll support u no matter what. doesnt rly matter what u upload as long as you guys r happy.
Some of us are here just because of you, everything you share, when and how you decide to share it will be okay because we genuinely like you for who you are and it shows that there's love in what you do.  It's been a blast knowing you for so many years and seeing you grow. It's so nice to still have you here, thank you for that. Brofist!! 👊
Every decision Felix makes doesn't matter. We just want him to see happy.
I love that this chanel keeps changing but never change. Happy to see Pews enjoys his life
Honestly he still post more than any youtuber still active
brofist 👊
bruh 17 minutes ago
Never quit youtube:)
i think we can all agree that if pewds retires right now, we wouldn’t be mad or disappointed. we would miss him of course, but we would be mostly proud and happy that after everything he has been through everything turned out good. thank you pewds for all of the good moments that you have given us so far. we love you pewds ♥️
tbh, I like these content more than ever. Dont care about the schedule, just post what makes you happy and content.
Just don't go back to acting like a 13 year old.. that was cringe when you did that in your 30s.. do content that reflects your age. Your audience has grown up with you anyways..
I am really glad you stayed on YT :)
i’ll never unsub
HI
You peaked when you made Amish Justin Bieber in the fabulizer.
W youtuber
relax just do what makes you happy your so famous now people would enjoy watching you stare at paint drying tbhonest lol
To be fair , Felix you're retired now , just do what you want, post if you want we don't mind , you've done pretty much everything now go be happy
SUS HEADPHONES
Made me cry. We love you and Marzi and so glad and proud of y’all! I wish you didn’t retire but that’s a bit selfish. Just happy though that you and Marzia and the pups are in a happy place. Some kids grew up on SpongeBob but we grew up on PewDiePie 😎 Cheers to all the memories and the future to come!
we love u ..... but the  old funny energetic , souls player  pewds  was a  legend   i mean  i  im rewatching  your souls playlist and its hilarious
Keep doing what you want to so felix
is this the last video? but whyyyy?? i really hope  i can see you in your 40's hahaha
Nice tambourine headset merch. When is it dropping?  But fr it's nice to see my boy be in a good place both physically and mentally
following since I was just a kid graduated from school now almost in my 30s , this really made me tear up
Gör det som känns bäst för dig. Det blir alltid en bättre dag när vi får en ny video men pressen att ladda upp like ofta som du gjorde förr behöver inte vara där. Att du är glad och gör saker du vill är det viktigaste. ❤
We enjoy watching you having fun
Amazing, bro 😍❤️
Don’t quit. Just upload whenever u want to upload. Don’t treat it like a job. Even if it’s just like 1 video a month we still wanna see it
Money
So happy you never quit and you're not planning to ❤️ Even if you make less content, your videos are still so fun and precious to me, thank you so much Pewds
if you dont wanna quit then post more, doesnt have to be everyday obviously
pliise aboni ☝
Why quit when you can get fired?  Start interviewing the cancelled.
Felix is at a stage when he can be Felix or PewDiePie or anyone he wants. He's not chasing clout, he's not chasing more likes and subscribers, he's not chasing the fame, he got this all!  Now all we as his subscribers want him to do what he wants and we will be there to support him.
Feel like we've officially reached a new chapter that will be kinda nostalgic like the first one. That brofist at the end!
go to the hot ones
please do enjoy your life to the max and upload /or not whenever you feel like it. life is so much more than being on the internet 😊
Ok He is back
if you love it dont quit we love you
Never a dull moment to see Felix happy
Honestly....we really enjoyed Japan vlog❤️❤️
Pewds has been that one constant in my life for the last 8 years, watching him change has inspired me so much to evolve and to be a better human being. Thanks Felix <3
pewdiepie thanks for the childhood bro  you should have time yourself im like 20 years old now 😂 you are a amazing person fr 🫂  But whatever decision you make im aways gonna keep looking at yo youtube you have my support
Posted 14 mins ago, already 100k views.
It's literally just depressing, i am currently watching his to the moon lets play, i remember watching all that when it was coming out. And it's just sad too see how much things have changed, i really hope that PewDiePie can find and do whatever makes him happy time's just a scary thing.
2:58 bonk
He already tanned  lmao
Go to capybara land for a vlog
Holy ear phones Batman, those are some huge ear phones!
early gang
Bring back beastmaster64
Been watching since i was a literal 9 year old, now im about to turn 18,I will always be subscribed and watch your videos even if you post once a year
I think you need to do you i believe the audience still be here for you just because you  you being yourself i will. If you  quit or if not its up to you.
I wasn't there at the start, but seeing the character you were vs now, I'm more comfortable seeing you in public and not making it a big deal. You're human like the rest of us and it's so comforting to feel that
King never quits 👑
He already tanned  lmao
I'm glad you are living a great life Pewdiepie.
Japan is the end game then
first 3k comments
Don’t quit. You’re the best there is. You’re a stable force in an unstable world. Thanks Felix.
We love you pewds
He already tanned  lmao
I've been watching you for about 7 years now, so I've followed you through different phases. Some "genres" caught my attention less than others (I love your minecraft series and your japan vlogs, but your Ken collabs usually aren't my cup of tea for instance), but I can always come back to you in the end. The best thing about you now is that you can see your evolution and see how happy you are now, it's just.. nice :) I love you pewds, and so do we all who watch you.
Still waiting for the alice playthrough pewds
luv it
I will always love watching pewds videos. Im happy with this format or whatever his decision is. Will always be a bro
Once you see his headphones, you can't unsee it.
Shame ur channel is slying dying 111m subs but hardly 4/5m in views Ouch fucking dying
Been here since the horror games era and at this point i think we would all be happy to just see you doing what you enjoy doing its your life and for the past 12 years weve been along for the ride
you can’t surf without waves bro. glad you kept with it
Whatever you're doing is always good enough, Felix, wether it's Japan vlogs, you make videos with Ken, or anything in between. Thank you for being a part of my life for the past 10 years or so!
Meatbaaaaalls
Understandable bro! You are more grown up and values change. Would love to see some book reviews tho ;) Cheers!
felix i started watching u and youtube when i was like 4 or 5 and i started watching it with my my siblings like ao oni or amnesia and im telling u that u made my childhood so much better then i couldve hoped forand always seeing u change is never for the worse its always that u change for the better like on things ur passionate about and i personally would say its always great seeing u on this platform knowing the guy who made great content and made me happy in my childhood is still active is the best so wut im trying to say is dont worry the OG pewdiepie fans are always here  :)
I genuinely respect you for the fact that, even though you are one of the top YouTubers and was the number 1 for quite a few years, you still just do all of this because it's fun. A lot of people fall into the trap of equating their self-worth with their success and in some cases even becoming a douche- I mean, not entirely friendly person because of it.  Keep doing YT for the fun of it and when you do eventually quit, we will understand. Enjoy your surfing!
Petition to make pewds make his channel a vlog channel when he wants to quit
Felix pewds ur AMAZINGGGG  LOVE UR VIDS N CONTENT   BEEN A BRO SINCE 2012  Thank u sooo much for the amazing moments  I would rllly rlly love if u could make a full playthrough of Bayonetta 3
Dude your killing it just keep doing what your doing life’s short do what makes you happy
That is a sick ass headphone
Even though you haven’t been uploading as much these videos the last few months have been my favourite. It’s really nice to see you and martzia (and the pups of course) super happy and just living your life in Japan. It always warms my heart to see you guys smile.
Felix flexing that Audeze LCD-3 😎
What ever you do we will be there love you
FELIXXXX FOR ANOTHRRR HOUNDREDDDD YEARRSSS YESSIRRR
We still love u pewds 👊🏽
i love you PewDiePie❤️
Thank you Felix
I have been a fan of pewds since I’m 7/8 years old, I’m 18 now. Time flew by and I still enjoy watching your videos on the daily no matter what!!! Props for pewds still making vids even though he’s retired. <3
I remember watching your videos during hard times and u helped a lot by cheering me up. Thank u 🙏🏻 all the love and support ❤❤
Thank you felix for everything you've done for us
Honestly, i think were all just grateful of how kind Felix is.  :)
Live your life pewds you've given us a decade of your life! You deserve to relax and enjoy life. Also if your chanel became a philosophy chanel thatd be awesome
How good is japanese toilet paper where U can read some random manga before wiping?
Hey it’s all good bro we all grow up! and priorities and interests change with that I think it’s awesome that you can still enjoy it and I think we will all grow up and have fun watching whatever you have for us 😁👍🏼
“I still enjoy sharing stuff with you guys.”  And we still enjoy and appreciate all of your videos ❤️
You deserve it all king I have been watchin for 11 years is crazyy your journey ups and downs you deserve to be happy now literally grown up watching you so glad to see how far you have come
Please sub to (Gaming with Alex & Alan)
DONT FUCKING QUIT, IM WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS SINCE 2015 PLSSS i love the Japan format and I'm looking forward to see other videos.
Imagine what would happen to youtube if Pewdiepie quit. That would suck because he is basically GOAT of youtube
Having no regrets. Have a good time. Cheers 🍻
You could go over the books you've been reading lately. I enjoyed you basically reviewing those books and I'm sure you've got new ones in your collection!
Seeing Poods happy is the best content i could've asked for
Wow, really respect where you are at this point in your life Felix, doing what is fulfilling to you and appreciating everything so far and most of all being so caring of this community as always. We will always love and support you and all that this channel has been, because it has always been evolving, and everyone has at least a favourite era they really love. We are happy whenever you find happiness! Thanks for the laughter, wisdom, memes, songs and this wonderful community! Enjoy surfing and exploring Japan! The vlogs have been so refreshing :)
What? What is this headset Felix?? Ugly! Use the PewDiePie one!! 😠
Stop it dont quit we have to convince every indian to subscribe you and not T-series 4:41 to kill T-series
Start playing horror games......
I have an idea for the community: randomly picked upcoming YouTubers getting a spotlight on the pewdiepie channel. It would give them a platform to have a chance to earn a following and an opportunity to actually earn from their videos. It would literally be a full circle moment but for the fans who grew this channel having a chance to become big as well
the japan vlogs are brilliant, the more relaxed content style really suits you
You do you felix, it's fun to se what you and marzia are up to in Japan. Have fun
THE ONE PIECE!!!! THE ONE PIECE IS REALLLLL
Pewds and us fans has reached the point where we know it will end someday but we won't be sad when it happens
Someone in your position could completely lose themselves and could become so detached from reality, however you've managed to stay humble. You're a legend PewDie
stop growing up, its not true, im not ageing at all pewds is still hosting the club penguin servers in hes closet uploading daily, im not  getting older you are
Please don't stop uploading. You have always been and will always be my favourite youtuber. Imo this has been your best period yet. I love all of the Japan vlogs and seeing you live the way you want. I can't wait to see what you'll do next! :)
It's crazy to think that alot of us have grown up with you. Experienced life with you being apart of it. Interacted with you in a way that wasn't possible in any other time in history. You bro fisting the screen connected with millions, me being one of them. Thank you bro. I hope you and Marzia really do have a happily ever after
Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
PewDiePie Deserves everything he got, incredibly nice guy, great and authentic content creator. I'm thankful you still uploading, I appreciate every single upload.  Felix Just Have Fun with it and enjoy your new life in Japan. <3
Prosto top
The anime man collab again! Plz, LY since 1923
pliiiis aboni
Noo thank you pewds..  For being a youtuber❤❤
My man my guy everybody have tough times for themselves, doesn't mean we have to quit. But everyone deserves the Time off and rest. I personally never had and I think never will cuz ain't no rest fot the wicked. At the end of the day I really missed good ol' scheduled pewds with weekly pew news tho.
pewdiepie upload = happy
thank you pewds for memories i know i won't experienced myself yet allow me to see the other side of the world. and watching u changing/ improving just seems make sense. I wish u and marzia including your pets live longer than the total of big pp you declared on your fans during all the Lwiay combined. All the best and tq❤️❤️ love from 🇲🇾
To be honest mate, you've still got a huge audience that is LOVING the Japan vlogs.  I don't want you to quit, but I do want you to upload whatever you want to upload! Do what you want, we'll still be here cheering you on.
i know this isnt related to the video but damn those headphones are sick
Man. I used to watch all the happy wheels videos religiously when I was 15 😂 it’s been a while since I’ve watched you Felix, but the love and respect is always still there. Even moreso after such a humble video like this. You’ve worked so hard to earn the opportunity to do YouTube YOUR way man. Keep it up 👊🏽
you do you pewds, always be here to support whatever shenanigans your up to u crazy bastard
Love you pewds, always will.
Who cares about you now, Felix
My life will be boring without pewds, Felix can retire and i respect that, but i will miss the amount of fun i had while watching pewdiepie . Since 2012
Lmao
i enjoy whatever he uploads 😂
I want him to stream, and read some of his favorite books, new books he's finding, and sharing them. even just for an hr or 30mins.
I've been here from the very beginning, before I even know what words like "youtuber" or "gameplay" meant, you've been part of my routine, and I'm just happy to see you relaxing and living a real and fulfilling life in accordance with the values and philosophy of the ancients. Brofist, always.
Watching this video brings a good feeling that you enjoy making your recent videos as much as I do watching them.
Hi Felix
Keep doing what you love, Felix
❤️❤️❤️
he is just playing youtube like new game +
I honestly prefer this version of your channel. It's more refreshing to see you make the content you want to make and enjoying yourself while doing it. Plus seeing Japan through you and Marzia's perspective has been pretty great.
mans just living his life. be a good spectator now and cheer him on. or maybe best you leave the stage
felix kis me
The world would've been more boring without Pewdiepie. Together with pewds, we've come a long way from the beginning.
Start playing horror games.......
:)
He is having fun right now thats all there is
💜
Bro fist 👊
👊🏽
100k views gang
I remember watching in 2012 and it's crazy how fast the 10 years went by
I support you
PewDiePie you're the monolith channel on YouTube that can't go away. You are the ideal YouTuber. I love and will watch everything you upload. 🖤
I'm sure everyone understands you pewds, dw. Just keep doing what u like doing, what u enjoy doing, we just enjoy watching you living your life. I personally like the collabs with ken but again, it's up to you what u prefer to post. And we love you, so for us, it's always good
For 6 years I have looked forward to all of Felix's videos.  I think I've grown in that time so much as well, and enjoying his recent videos the most.  Keep on, pewds!
I grew up watching you cod, ambesia and all other letsplays as a preschooler. Now i myself are grown up and working on my chef degree. Really feels like i grew up while you also did. Thanks for an amazing childhood man! Been subscribed since the beginning
Big up Sive for being the comic relief in an otherwise serious video
Nhìn bạn rất thân thiện và luôn cố gắng. "Sống giản dị là điều đáng quý nhất của mỗi con người".
Still loving your content.  Do whatever make you happy. :)
damn
I can't explain why I love a person I have never met before. I love seeing you grow pewds
It's good to see this video giving me hope of seeing pewds play GoW Ragnarok soon
have a kid already you fkn sweed <3
Maybe time start thinking about a family, kid/s...because in the future when the age hits you you probably regret it. And maybe some fun kid videos or something. Lev väl!
Basically he hit the wall  and now trying to go around it
Love You pewds, now we are señores and it's ok. Enjoy ur life, u deserve it
I understand we all understand the video you did I do believe that you were a great guy in the past in the future you have gain so much Minecraft for life ✋
keep doing what you enjoy and you are happy with what you are doing I will always support you and love your next contents...as long as you enjoy what you are doing thats great!
surfing vid plz thankyou pewdz
Listen, you have achieved what everyone is looking for...you worked hard during your younger years to be able to sit back and enjoy life in the later years...you have achieved financial freedom to a certain degree to be comfortable for the rest of your life and now you can concentrate on other aspects of your life....If you quit tomorrow I wouldn't be upset...I don't know you on a personal level so those feelings are non-existent. I would just move along life as usual.
i hope the absolute best for you big man, i gotta say im extremely jealous of your japan move but i guees thats where hard work pays off. well done bro
Probably the most genuine guy in this platform 👏🏼 The Bros’ support will always be present
You were the reason I even started watching YouTube in 2014 and I’ll always be subbed! Thanks for everything!
Love ya keep doing what you enjoy!
Its bloody crazy how Felix is basically the cool uncle that has watched you grow and has been a source of a smile every time he pops in  Thanks for everything mate, it's been a very fun ride and if you wanna get off here, all power to you and we'll keep you in our thoughts  But if you want to stay and continue on this track, we'll still be here to support you
Felix you're lovely.
Felix du är en legend, du ska inte tacka oss, vi ska tacka dig. Dina videor fanns alltid där när jag kände mig nere, och fick alltid ett gott skratt ur mig. De jag vill säga är att, du kommer alltid vara en legend gör dom du inspirerat, och vi bör tacka dig. 🇸🇪💪
That headset is huge
Pewds: I would definitely do it again Also pewds: I don't want to do it again Lol
So glad he's just doing youtube for fun and doing what he enjoys ☺
Your videos are so fun to watch, and it just makes a lot of us comfortable. I have watched your videos while crying, while laughing, while being sad and all other emotions. What I want to say is thanks for everything. If you ever quit YouTube just give us a goodbye.
Whatever you decide to do, I just want to thank you for all of the playthroughs from what feels like so long ago now. You're one of the many creators back then that helped me through my teen years. I'm sure me and many others wouldn't have made it without you and your many contributions over the years. For all of the moments and laughs, thanks for everything.
The japan vlog is so good tho
I started watching pewds when i was 11, now im 21. Your content made me eager to learn english, so i can understand the videos. So glad you didn't actually quit, and the new content is great!
I think it's cool that your youtube channel has gone through so many different phases, you and the community are constantly changing. For a couple years now I've watched your YouTube channel on and off and lately I've been really enjoying the peaceful vibes in your Japan videos. I'm always so excited to see your videos pop up in my feed!
Its not about the goal, It's about the Journey.. To be honest and trying not to sound as corny as possible, but I grew watching this channel and I think I associated with Pewds for so long and I ironically did the same thing as Pewds bcs of my search for "Father figure" pr someone to look up to and found out that the thing I should look up to is myself and my growth not associated with someone else.. Now Im me, but I have to thank people I looked up to and one of them is Felix.. Have a good one guys and brofist lol
If I get 2000 subscribers I'll delete my channel :)
Damn. Felix has matured A LOT and seeing this now makes me feel old
Pewdiepie, thanks for saving the West from tumblr. Historians will look back on you like they do Charles Martel.
MINECRAFTTTTTT
Hi pew
Good video
Do whatever you want Pewds, you can quit and enjoy life away from YT forever, or keep doing what you want and have fun
Don't quit if you don't want to.
Soooo many years has passed and he still doesn't get it that we watch these videos for HIM, not for memes, games or whatever.. He could upload Reading food packages ingriedients and I would still watch them!
Thank you Felix
im rooting for you...
I started off watching felix and the Yogscast when i was a kid. Now i just click on his videos when they look like they would entertain me or i would want to enjoy specific game content i would never play myself. I hope you just continue to upload what you want when you want. Thats what i would do at this point you completed all the quest my friend. Just explore the world with your partner and do all the side quest with them. Just let us see some times. 😊
you’re like the Queen, bro. you’re the solidarity that exists throughout the ever changing tide of Youtube. love you man
love yah pewds do what makes you happy
That ending 🥲
You should come and experience Australia and the Great Barrier Reef and the surfing down south
Goddayum you look good
You are my GOAT pewds, dont ever change
PewDiePie Highlights is keeping us entertained while you're enjoying your stay in Japan! You've entertained us for over 10 years poods, looking at you now makes us proud that you've been a part of our lives.
Felix just grew up thats it! Proud of him
For me any content you upload I would love... I am not subbed for cod or lwiay I am subbed to poods because I want to see your twist on it. Much much love ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ That what stuck to me and changed my life ... bro fist 👊
i float different between eras from the start of you pewds i got to say this is the much inspiring,  hope-fuel for me, just being you is more then enough for me thank you
So glad I stood by for 8 years, Brofist 👊
I remember when I first saw Felix on YouTube with 200k subscribers uploading Amnesia videos. I was in primary school and I was hooked on his videos. Throughout the years I would stop watching for a while and then binge the content. Now I graduated from university and binging the Japan vlogs. It's great watching this immense growth and seeing that hard work really pays off. Thank you, Felix. For always being there to provide laughs.
most important thing is your being you. this so important for the mental health and love of life. absolutely love the Japan uploads its fantastic. may you both have blessings and happiness
I'm here for your content.  Liked all the other changes, and I'm good with this one too. You do you, for whatever reason I DO enjoy your random vlogs.
Bro you can give advice to others who are in teenagers like making good habits and philosophy lessons
i cant imagine you not uploading you are my comfort youtuber, keep doing what you enjoy ill always watch regardless, im a life long fan lol. i completely understand what you're saying and how you've evolved
I would be very sad if you do decide to choose to quit, I recently revisited some Happy Wheels levels I made for you back in 2012, some great memories came back to me. You have been a big part of my life and definitely had a positive impact! Thanks!
I love this! I'd be sad to see you go entirely and I've enjoyed the content recently quite a lot. A vlog every now and then and I'd be more than happy. Thank you! <3
Felix says quite often that he would have kept making videos even without payment, and now that he doesn't need payment it's basically the same situation, and I'm glad about it. I enjoy seeing him have fun and I don't care that they may not be every day anymore, he loves making the videos and I love watching them, it's as simple as that. If he stops having fun, maybe I'll stop having fun too so breaks are expected and encouraged even.
you should start a form of business project for fun like how mr Beast open his own Burger franchise maybe a Hotdog chain with pewds brand as a memorial of how it all started
Man you're already retired as far as I'm tracking. I don't watch this channel for richboi japanese vlogs. I watch it for lets plays, meme review, and your collabs with cinnamon toast ken. I absolutely don't care for your "I accidentially bought 2 cars" or your "I try all this ice cream in Japan" or your visit to a karaoke bar. I don't understand why other subscribers like that stuff. It's boring. Like bro you went from talking about Diogenes to making vlogs about how rich you are. How do you go from reading cynicism/stoicism to this?
21 minutes and 171K  views dude
You need to find a new goal in my opinion, you can still align it with Youtube if you want
you don't have a growing channel to keep making content if you enjoy it and your community enjoys it then do what makes you happy the vlogs are a great example of why you should stay
Thank you so much pewds I still like all your content and would continue to follow you.. please don’t quit. I really like your japan phase, This makes me feel to come to japan one day and settle there. I have started learning japanese because of that and whenever I lack motivation I watch your videos.
I actually prefer less frequent uploads, having to watch new vids every single day is tiring
💙
youtube would never be the same without pewds. he is the glue
You can quit at any time.
yoo
Respect ✊🏾
I just wanna say, as a subscriber since 2014, I want to thank you for everything that you've done for your audience. You're a great inspiration for me as I start my own youtube channel while starting college too! So as I upload my new video today, thank you from the bottom of my heart ❤️
When you enjoy just watching Felix whatever he is doing, all those years is a win!
I think we all can agree that we all still to this day enjoy Felix's videos, he does not need to upload but he still does, and I really appreciate it. They always bring a smile to my face
I'll stay as long as you stay.
Why do you need audiophile headphones?
Yow, does anyone know what felix's headphones is?
Pewd really reached zen right now..
I don't know why, but seeing Pewds just having fun in Japan spreads so much positivity to the viewers as well. There is no need for having to keep up the YouTube grind, but at the same time, if Pewds feels like continuing, there is no reason to stop uploading either. No matter what he doesn, I feel like as long as he's passionate about it and has fun, it will always appeal to the biggest part of the community.
off topic but W audeze headphones
i joined floor gang year ago but i think i will join the floor gang for my whole life 👍i like the way you share stuff with us. let keep this floor gang until we become old gang 👍
I really think there's other platforms what will treat people better than this
i love how he talks to his audience so casually. he doesnt put on the youtube voice. even in serious videos like this, youtubers will still put on a slight face, not felix tho. love this guy.
ive been watching you for a decade pewds, love you. keep uploading please.. don't quit 🥺
The brofist has me nostalgic
man, its been a long while since i first found you. I loved the over the top content but since then I have grown up and I am sure if your content would have stagnated i would have just lost you but. At this point of my life i love your laid back content but what I love the most is You, just keep going man and the end of the day its your life
I never realised you would really quit and Im kinda glad you want to stay and just have fun! Im really looking up to you as a person and I will always love your content. Now, go and enjoy Japan 🇯🇵🇯🇵 Thanks for everything :)
dang
00:17 and then you found yourself in a fire fight on a bridge.
Uh... Felix you forgot your headphones.. again😅😅
<3
Don't quit before you have talked about my videos! You will love them.
<3
Indeed, after all this years watching felix, something never change, you're still the sincere guy treating your audience like a friend. Brofist.
Please don't quit
🥺 so happy that you’re living in Japan but now I can’t bump into you in Brighton!
Yah do what you want i like your channel soo Match I like it when you do what you want.
Pls don’t quit ever
Pog
Pewds out here living his best life in Japan making content 👏
We knew you wouldn't quit lol
Anytime when im had to give a speech, i always give thanks to you after god. Cz i grow up watching your video everyday, since me 11 grade till now i have 1 baby. I feel like my life is waay better cz always modeling how you see the world, especially my humor sense, thanks sir
didn't
Play some more games, there are good games coming out soon!
Pewds, you are doing great man, you have never went through a phase that I personally did not enjoy and I think it's the same for many people out there. Doing what you want to do will attract like-minded people and they will enjoy watching the things you enjoy doing.
Cheers Felix - the channel feels pretty tight ATM man and you can tell you're enjoying it. Hope you keep having fun with it!
World War YouTube II 2023 PewDiePie vs MrBeast
I love this guy too much ❤️
I need to know what headphones is that
I'm just glad you're still around. I miss the old crazy videos but I also love the more calm, slow, life zest content. I know I need that kinda peace right now so I'm happy you're providing that, even if its 15min every few days :)
Love this upload with asian time zone 😂🥰.  Im happy that u decided not to quit, ngl it going to lill bit lonely if you are but that's okay if u choose to quit too bcs i will support ur choice! Have fun in Japan! Enjoy your time there!
Uhhhh this video makes me feel so young.
I've been watching Felix for some years and it basically comes down to: I came for the content, stayed for the personality.
Keeping doing what makes you happy and we'll gladly be here anytime you wanna share something :)
Going back to its roots
You will always be my favorite youtuber pewds!
Felix is in my heart and he’ll be in it till I die no matter what he uploads
i appreciate pewds so much RESPECT MAH MAN
Honestly seeing you share your growth is pretty refreshing
PewDiePie is a YouTube establishment.
I’m here for whatever is coming, just do what you want to do, and we’ll be here
And obviously, we still have to see Felix play GoW Ragnarok…
Surfing good, very cool
looks like japan made felix become an audiophile
Having kids changes your life
dude you put your speakers on the desk not your ears. Those are excessive!
Nice headphones tho.
Nice
In so glad you never quit. I've been watching you for so long and your content is always entertaining no matter what it is. Thank you for everything you do.
I actually like how the channel goes in phases. It shows growth of some sort. I love these Japan vlogs especially the ones where you are learning new things like the surfing ones! Thanks for these kinds of updates, it’s nice to know what you’re thinking during change♥️♥️♥️
15 minutes ago and your already on 22k likes 😂 balling
I do miss the weekly meme reviews. But glad to see he's doing well still and enjoying retirement
lol when you found doing something fun for years... it's hard to let go so that's understandable. Continue doing what you enjoy doing. After all, the goal of life in general is happiness.
To those people who want Felix go back to his routinal uploads, let him be He's now enjoying his retirement and it's been a good run for him
Syrup anyone?
Forever bro fist
You have my support as long as making positive vibes with your videos and now i can feel that you enjoy it more than ever so i feel good too.
We're here for you no matter what! My almost 2 year old already knows how to bro fist. He hears your voice and comes running.
give me all the japan content you want pewds i’m begging
(о´∀`о)
Felix is objectively one of the best humans on the platform, very wise, self-conscious, funny and intelligent!  You re amazing bro, have a blessed life and be safe out there !
Les gooooo you didn’t quit yet!
just do whatever you want , no matter what we will still be here for you .
To be honest for years i havent come to your channels looking for particular content but generally watch and enjoy anything that you upload & share with us which is the most important to me atleast. I think most of us share that sentiment. Take your time and do what you need to do. Experiences never end and you always walk forward with your community with it. Really happy you never quit. wish you the best for the future ahead <3
You said you quit
I become more and more proud of you with every video you post
So he quiet quitted?
Pewds being all cute this morning. This the kinda good vibes I needed before my cadaver exam ❤️
Pewds we just enjoy watching you have fun. Whether it's about Japan, laughing at memes or having boomer arguments with Ken we enjoy it. You do you!
What about book review?? I really miss those as well... maybe a new version of it...
I'm really proud of you
Those headphones are kinda insane I swear they are like a few grand and take the entire southern hemisphere to power them, glad pewds is taking audio seriously XD
I never understood why Youtubers are always talking about retiring. If I were a successful Youtuber, I'd do it until I became fossil fuel.
we love you pewds ❤❤❤
Why doesn't pewds upload much anymore?
Aahh my heart stopped i thought ur actually quitting  i really enjoy all of ur videos  just keep doing you king
We Love You Pewds. You're The Best 👊
we still love you pewdiepie ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Take your time man. Enjoy yourself. You are timeless. Thanks for all the memories from the past and all of the memories going forward.   This will get buried but I’m getting married in 32 days! Living life!
Felix... Thank you for everything. Really. Thank you. Thank you for all of the Nostalgia and that you have made my childhood really something special.  Especially, the thing that I remember so fondly back then is your Amnesia custom story videos and how thoes made laugh out loud EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. They were the videos that made me truly happy. So Felix... Thank you, for everything that you have done for me and so many others making our childhoods something special. ❤️  - Bartek
Success is all about action in the right direction👍
I’d like your advice Felix… I’m stuck I’m a truck driver. I hate it. I wish I was a full fledged software engineer, developing games or hell backend web development. However if I do so if I focus all my attention to it. It’s gonna cost me almost everything.. should I hustle on YouTube like you did? Honestly at a loss and the depression isn’t helping.
Didn't*
Pewds, u can literally post about u commenting / talking while u cooking an instant ramen and swallow it, and i will still watch it, just be you :)
I miss the gaming videos, but video games have been going down the toilet, so I guess I just miss good video games.
at this point with the minimal work put into the weekly or so uploads it makes sense to keep going as long as you enjoy it so you're having fun and the passive income library of videos keeps growing
Do YouTube for fun, you've already reached peak of your life, it's not necessary to push forward, just relax and upload whatever you want, we'll always enjoy it.
Bro fist meant a lot tho, and the press eyes are so beautiful
Hi pewds you are always make people day a whole lot better you just make my day I just want you to have a blessed and highly favored day
Im still happy that you did not retire.
I love you!❤
man looks like japan really hit you hard xD youre uploading a sad video now. pewds we love you man no matter what you do.
The US should have been the location you moved to given the opportunity you had as most can’t move to another country & you have lived in what? 4. Your opportunities in Japan are nothing compared to the USA.   Fair enough though.
FIRSSSSTTTTT
money
do what makes you happy
Ive been watching you since 2010 felix, i wqs 16 and now im 28 and still am watching you. Japan vlogs are the best and keep doing what you love and feel like doing! Appreciate that brofist, been a while :D
Thanks for all you do for us Pewds, hope you're enjoying your new life in Japan😊
Power wash pals
Pewdiepie's channel has always been a safe space for me, it feels good to see the channel grow as I grow as a person as well, always feels refreshing to stop by
Pew I wanna see you here till you'll be playing with your grandchildren and making their videos
Gamer 4 Life I feel ya. Enjoy all the goodness and let the good times roll.
the correct question is: why would you? everyone should just keep doing what they're doing good, that's it 🤷‍♂
You should do more philosophy videos pewds
I'm glad you still make videos
.if you are happy, i'm happy.
Important Comment: Audeze headphones FTW! ;)
You are awesome, Felix! I have been watching you since I was in middle school in 2012. Now I am 23 years old and halfway through my doctorate program. I love how your content has evolved as you have grown as an individual. You have never been afraid to make a change with the channel, and it is truly a fresh breath of air on YouTube! Thank you for all of the time and effort you have put into making videos for us!
Just quit already...  you dont because you need the money (and other things hehe) and some poeple need you. do cool and good vid about what you like and we we'll like it anyways. Drz piču, love ya.
This reminded me of his Draw My Life. "Felix" means happiness, I recall he just wanted to play video games and record videos because it made him happy. And I'm glad that's still the trajectory after all these years, for Felix to have fun and be happy.   We're happy for you, Pewds. From Bros to 9 yr olds to floor gang, tambourine gang... We grew along with you throughout the years and all the phases and changes in you as a person amd the channel. Thank you, Felix, for bringing happiness.
I saw this when I searched alah akbar
love u
anything you do we love that pewds. we love you, don't quit
Never quit  Just have fun
Im so glad u are still here. For me your are one of the few cool, honest, smart and selfreflective "stars" at the top. If u quit, the platform will truly be lost ^^
When Felix said "I wanted to say thank you", I lost my shhh 😭😭❤️❤️ will always love you Felix 🙏
We love ya, Felix. We've enjoyed your content for many years. And we will be here, supporting you and wishing you all the best 🤍
We appreciate that you're still uploading and giving us updates. As long as you're enjoying yourself, we are also enjoying watching you. ❣️
You go King!
Floor gang
I remember coming to school and someone said "PewDiePie is the most subscribed youtuber now, he has got 13 mil" i went home checked this dude out and been here past 8-9 years, thank you pewds from fellow Scandinavian
I think most people watch Felix for being Felix and not a specific game. This channel wouldn't have 111M subs if Felix made a few certain popular playthroughs once every few years
Let's be honest we aren't ready for that day.
Came 4 Stefano, Stayed 4 Felix
Honestly, I feel like a lot of us grew up with Pewds and we still enjoy the videos, no matter what they are, so you do you Pewds and we'll still be here!
You grew felix, and it's a good thing. :) The thing is, the new you might not suit for my needs nor interesting fo me to watch. But i hope one day we meet on some content once in a while, just like this one video.  Also, i wish you for the best. And to marzia and your future baby as well.
A Person with great inspiration on and off camera. I really had a great experience with you ❤️❣️
I'm so happy to see brofist, like it always be.
Thank you Pewds. Been here since early 2012. Brofist.
I'm better than pewdiepie!
i just want to say, thank you pewds
I’m proud of you dude
You will always be here for us
You deserved all of these Pewds. Step back and relax and I'm sure the Bro army will support your decisions
I love that your channel changes with you, Is never a dull moment. And it’s the best to watch a video that is just made because you want it to be made not because you feel forced to do it. So keep on going pewds, do you and we’ll all keep watching and follow along with you 😊
You got your bread, pewds. The key is that u don't have to make videos to survive, you can just do it for YOU (and for us). Take a look at the idubbbz documentaries. Have you ever thought about trying to get even more artsy with your content? Make something really* impactful with high production value??
It's honestly good to see how we literally "grew up" with the classic youtubers that we love. Back then we would have the time to watch daily videos or even watch streams for hours daily. But, now if these youtubers would do the same thing daily I highly doubt that we'd be able to catch up as much.   Main point, everyones busy with life. Which is a good thing.  Still a good thing to see Pewds pop up here in there sometimes too.
I'm here for the personality Which is what youtube is all about
Part of me prefers the Japan vlogs to some of the other content. Its just so lovely to see you and marzia enjoying your retirement years in such a beautiful place ❤
Never change Felix, just always be who you are and we're always happy because of it, and will always support you 💖  Stay awesome Pewds 👊👊👊
Gfuel is getting to his head. 🤣
Watching you develop, learn and mature has actually been like watching a good written story about growing up. Thank you for everything Pewds. Your community is proud of you.
You do you bro 👊🏼
hope you have a happy (whatever you choose :)
I remember when I was exposed to your channel watching your Hellfather Let’s Play videos.  We’ve come a long way from there haven’t we?
Im really enjoying you and Marzia going around Japan  Go at it at ur own pace 👌👌👌
I like your chill new content
Love him but I think he doesn't get that people want distractions. Not everybody has perfect life, money and all of the stuff he has, people go to youtube to be distracted from their miserable lifes, me included, lmao.
Do what makes you happy bubba
We will continue to support and appreciate the content that you like making, Pewds. You always make my days so much better and I love you for it. I wish you great health and happiness on your life in Japan! 👊💗✨️
okey
Probably haven't watched a single vid of yours since the T Series Wars. That said, you're a staple of society and I support you whichever direction you go. I literally almost posted a "Subscribe to Pewdiepie" flyer on the Buzzfeed headquarters ( I live in LA and about 3 blocks away). Do your thing dood. You're an amazing person above all else and most of us know this. Thank you for being you.
Damn, New minecraft series would be fun again. im just glad he wont fully quit
No.. don't quit please... u r part of daily routine...
Coming home from school, watching PewDiePie play games not even understanding a word in English, to me it used to be the highlight of the day as a child and when you put it like that it doesn't even sound serious, but it is, it helped me as I'm sure it helped others to just watch a guy in Sweden play games and make it entertaining to watch, helping you get off whatever stressful day you may have had, everything that you've gotten so far you deserve Felix by making so many days.
WE ARE EVOLVING JUST.......FORWARD!
Love you man. You’ve done so much for all of us
I dont want to quit as well subscribe to my channel ongpong tv
Calling them "just a distraction" is such a really good way to describe that kind of content or any of that kind of activity in general, really
Do what ever you want poods if you don't  want to upload as you wish if you want to upload <which I would love ♥️ > then upload its your own mind and your own world , do with it as you wish ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ but I would love for you to pop up every now and then ❤️❤️❤️
Congratulations 🎉🥳👏🎊🙌🍾🥂
I am happy he is here, as long as he wants to do them I will support him.
woww is that tambourine headphone?
These comments are pure cringe 😐
please dont quit i really enjoy your tuber simulation game i want it to last forever i really love it ecspecially playing puggle :P
I think Mr Beast will hit this wall in a few years...
Noice
Felix, honestly man, the casual feel of this channel since you’ve made the move is awesome. We appreciate you sharing your life with us and it means the most to us to see you happy. I think you’re right in saying that YouTube is your life, look at what you’ve built. I think it would be a disservice to yourself and us to just give it up. As you have grown, so have we and I think we can better appreciate what being happy truly is now and it’s really up to the individual. I think it’s less about the content now and more about just hanging out with you.
Mad respect for u pewds stay safe and do what ever makes you happy
So he's not quitting thank god
Honestly, as long as your happy making WHATEVER video/content you want, I will always watch you. :) At this point in time, all I want to see now is for you to be happy. As long as you're happy, me as a consumer will also be happy. :D Keep doing what you're doing Pewds! :D
In theory surfing sounds epic. Please talk about the intricacies of surfing.
If you want to, you can look into Islam. What it is and what's the purpose. I hope you look into that. Thanks
Pls dont Quit
i hope you and marzia and edgar and maya are always happy :D even if your content's different now and i dont tune in as much (because i've also changed), i will always be a fan.
You do you, Felix. You do you. Your content evolution doesn't stopped me from enjoying them and never will be. I'm happy that you are willing to take us on your YouTube journey till now and still have fun making them. On to the next arc!
Well for what it's worth glad you didn't hang it up and still loving your stuff 8 years later and happy you're enjoying Japan so much
Thank you pewds, I grew up watching you and you have helped me in more ways than you can imagine.
I always love you PEWDSS!!! <3
What is up will always be going down. But if you stop at the top you will not have to experience going down, right?
I'm glad your still here....it wouldn't be the same with no pewd on the tube!
Being here almost 10 years I think at this point, I'd be very sad if you did quit. Seeing you and Marzia having fun, enjoying everyday life doing things that you really want to do for yourselves, not for the entertainment of others, has really made the vlogs and recent content feel really nice. Thank you for all the time you've put into doing what you do. Glad you're still here.
Glad you're still on YouTube 🙂
He did the BROFIST
New Forbes article: pewdiepie say he would drop the n bomb again in a heartbeat
Hey Felix, I'm glad you're still here. :)
f
le me supporting pewd   whatever
No matter what you do, the impact you did to us will always remain and we will always be here to support everything you do. Brofist.
Cant say that I was here from the very start, but damn im glad that im here during the chill times
I live for these videos please don’t quit, even if it’s one video a year, even if it’s just a book review or just a life update, i personally love hearing more of you especially casual and layed back
We can all understand why you would want to quit you have reached every goal that any Youtuber would strive and work hard for and want so if you want to quit we all would understand
Thank You pewds for bringing content for all thos years
💖
Do you vlogs!! It's cool 😊
YouTubers truely have nothing to talk about. Cheers Pewds.
Why?
If making content makes you happy then post whatever you want and, If people watch they watch, nothing to prove
man I really need this, I'm currently feeling stuck in life. thank you Poods. love you.
You go Felix ❤️ I'm proud being a pewd 🤟🏻
thoughts on goen ramen, its my favorite :)
🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦 UKRAINE  🇺🇦 🇺🇦🇺🇦!!!!!!!!
Big pp energy vibes is what this guy gives off!!!!!
We also enjoy watching the videos you make
His mindset now is effortlessly pleasant. Love it more now than ever <3
Felix has been on YouTube for like 12 years,  It would be hard to leave something you love.
It has been a wildride indeed :3
I prefer the vlogs and the recent content more because it feels like it's stuff you wanna do so keep the things you wanna do coming we are here for it
lmao these headphones
We been with you in this journey Felix whatever your decision we will always support it.. Im glad you still having fun doing YouTube for 12 years
<3
At this point a lot of people are subscribed not for the content, but for you, the person, because you're so genuine and a fun person to spend time with so to speak Edit: As in they enjoy whatever you put out because it's always a good time to see you having a good time. Not trying to say the content has gotten bad
Welcome to The Annual General Meeting of floor gang 🥂
Watching Pewdiepie grow and adapt over the years really makes you realise that he has provided amazing content for more than 10 years. That content grew with us through life phases and now a lot of us are mid 20s his content is still relevant and entertaining. What a wonderful creator. 🖤
you didn't really shove it into the face, you've been planning on moving to japan on pre-covid and annouced it.
pewdiepie deserves a big W for still uploading content right now
Never quit.... It would ruined so many
We get out what we put in 🤘just keep doing what makes you happy. Money doesn't bring happiness & todays society pushes us for more materialistic stuff rather than spiritual growth. Keep up the awesome content brother 🤙
Wait this guy still posts videos ?
Nice lcd2 s
"Changes" - XXXTentacion  "Changes" - Tupac
You're cool in my book 👊
Love the content no matter what you upload. You are the inspiration to take care of your body and mind and just being a better human being overall. Take care and do what you want :) I'm happy to see your journey!
the
I love watching you more now than ever before — as you are doing it for fun and not for views, it's so much more real and authentic!
You helped me a lot through my depression and suicidial times.I don't know if i would have been able to survive without your entertaining videos and commentarys. Also I learned almost all of my englishskills because of you!  I am glad to see that you are happy with what you have reached and achieved <3    Sry for my bad english 😅
This video is just pewds saying he's stopped caring about the algorithm, which I think is great for both him and the fans because the content he'll be uploading will just be a more real experience as now he doesn't have to please the Youtube overlord.
This is why we love pewds
Gotta give this man his flowers…I remember everyday waiting to see what new video he would come out with and seeing how you and everyone else that watches your channel has changed over the years. I’m glad you’re living your dream in Japan! Love you man
King don't go pls
We love you pewdiepie. We will forever.
You are a legend
So glad you didn't quit. It would be the end of an era on youtube with it's main guy quitting. But hey, now that you are going to stay, GO ON TRASH TASTE ALREADY!!!
This is relatable to me as a student. I used to stress over grades until I stopped caring and started to try enjoying school. And the grades just improved on their own.
Sorathetroll.
Hi pls dont quit
felix, i’m so proud of you ❤️
PewDiePie should make a video about how he learned Japanese
As someone who uploaded videos and one of my series kind of took off out of nowhere, I got really self conscious video performances since it's not the big numbers this one series was doing and it really stresses you out. It's almost calming to know that even pewds went through this and it makes everything just a little more alright. Always been one of the biggest inspirations to me, much love and I hope you stay enjoying YouTube Felix
Will always support you Felix. Upload anything that you wish to , watching your videos is like hanging out with you. It's you and your personality that we enjoy watching more than any one specific type of content.
Thanks Pewds.
people really need to understand that felix doing youtube now as a hobby for fun. sure i do miss the days he play games, meme review and stuff but watching him vlogging is fun too. he has so many video to the point if i rewatch any old video, its not boring 😂
<3
anyone notice how big his hand is
Pewds, one of my favorite video is big interview, where you talk about how you started, how you met Marzia, how you worked as Harbor captain😅  Would be nice to see something like this again.
We the OG Hommies are still alive PEDWS, always been waiting for u to comeback again✨👑 Btw, I like you new Headphones 😔💗 and your gaming chair.  Let's go crazy together again 😭✨ BRO FIST 👊👊👊
im just staring at those headphones...
Always so proud of you felix
I think you're at a good place to start a podcast mate
I’m glad you didn’t quit I’ve really enjoyed the POV of your life in a new place. I think as long as its a positive in your life and it’s something you enjoy doing and sharing people will watch. Keep doing what you’re doing 🫶
Nooo, plz dont quit
i want those headphones
Don't worry, I'll be here in one year when Pewds will play his modded Minecraft playthrough.
brofist
Bruh got the Audezees
I'm so proud of what you have become, I have watched you for so long and learned a lot from you and I just really enjoy your video and content or anything from you really, I'm really thankful , I'm happy and respect whatever choices you make. I hope everything goes well and whatever you do I will always support you. Thank you, and take care! :))
Thank you for everything. I have seen your channel grow and I love the new videos. I've always wamted to move to japan. Your videos make me feel closer to that.   I really want to thank you for everything
Felix, you will always be my hero. Been a fan of you for 7 years now. Enjoy your life, man. You need it✨👍
Hey pewds if doing youtube for fun is what you want to do. A lot of the 111M subscribers you have would support you and be happy for you if you do so. (It's my birthday tomorrow just incase you somehow read this 😳)
<3 my heart
every journey has its end, don't rush
I look forward to any of your updates watching your video gives me motivation for the day.but even if you stop it's fine cuz you have given us so much to remember you for the rest of our lives.👊
Abrazo pew! Japan content 🙌🙌
One of the greatest things is growing as a person and growing with someone is even better. Happy for you Pewds!
I remember when i started going on YouTube it was my final year in highschool after i repeated for failing, i was very depressed and all i did was study because i was scared of failing again, i found PewDiePie then as a way to relax from stress and even brought my bro into the fandom, pewds helped me go through my lowest times two times now and I'm thankful for that. I hope you keep doing what you like and have fun, we will always support you in whatever decision you'd do thank you for always being there for us 🙏🏻💕
We (me and my kids) loved and appreciated all your hard work throughout the years so its Awesome you not quitting. Life can be meaningless without change, so we understand certain change is necessary. And thank you so much for inspiring others like myself into making a YouTube channels and sharing with the world.
My emotions throughout this video: ↗️↘️↗️↘️↗️↘️↗️↘️↗️
I advise you quit though, I'm concerned about your well being, but if you really like doing this, we all appreciate it, loved growing up with you pewds. I used to watch you when I was 8 years old, but now I'm 20 and I almost have a psychology degree, thank you for being with me, and I love your videos and the way you influenced my childhood, cheers my lad.
BROFIST!
i think pewds is the "peak of youtuber". he did youtube for fun at first, got into it, grind the shit out of it, got into dramas, improve himself and his channel from past mistakes, and then retire without a big cutoff with the fans
Honestly having u on the site even if infrequently helps makes things feel more anchored, I drifted in and out of being a fan I'll admit during early days but seeing you on the front page again made my day.
<3<3<3
Please continue Japan vlogs they're epic, will be sad if you quit
Its okay man
I grew up watching you. Bro u are apart of my life. In a way i legit love you. Thank you! ❤️
Thanks pewds🥺
Pewds is like Queen Elizabeth of youtube. F*** you ***** :) peace <3
Do you pewds man that’s what we all want anyway
Let's go
Were happy you're happy pewds :,) and tbh I personally really like the new content. It's really calming and mellow.
👊
Why is your lighting so good, I wanna know
Love you
Does anyone know what headphones those are?
Just stop looking at your subscriber count and try to be yourself. Sometimes the numbers are making you happy and sometimes they dont. But keep doing what you want and dont try to be someone, you dont be and dont want to be. you are making great videos now for so many years and you make millions of people happy with that so just be yourself and be happy
Felix, you forgot the apostrophe in the title.  I guess retirement is really getting to him.
It’s nice to see that you do what you want to do! 😁
After all these years of content from Pewds, especially the almost daily content I can't imagine any fan being annoyed that you're taking time to enjoy life. You do you, well deserved 👏👏
Older and wiser.
You can post whatever you want really, do what you enjoy.
Nah im so happy man brofist forever 👊
im glad ur still making videos
DONT QUIT PLEASE
As long as your still here Felix , We’ll support you no matter what. It’s just scary to think about saying goodbye to a old friend.
I have been watching Felix since I was 9 years old (lol). I grew up with him and he genuinely impacted my life in such a positive way. If not for him I would not be into working out or philosophy. He has helped me through some dark times. And I can say I would not be here without his content to make feel like things can get better. So thanks pewds for everything and I’m glad your not quitting.
Good job not becoming a ricegum proud of you man, You deserve everything You have Honestly.
Well. Whatever you decide to do. We’ll welcome you back with open arms and support whatever you think best suits. :)
Bro found his dream job, why would he wanna quit that lol
Glad you are doing well felix its good to see you happy.
Pewds, you are a legend! BROFIST!!! =@}
"Good Youtuber don't quit, they just fade away" - General Douglas MacArthur.
We'll b here man enjoy yourself and have some freakin fun! Life your life
My brother passed away. We're planning his funeral. That brofist is what pushed the tears out of my eyes. Even when everything around me changes, at least Felix is here. Thank you
This is nice, I love this. 🤌🏻
Something never change.👊🏼
The hell are you talking about you haven't uploaded in like months
Please just do what you want. If that means uploading videos, we will be here for you and watch them. If you want to stop and live a private life, I respect that.
The way you keep doing, the more you earned it!  Saluted!
Love you man!!
Give your channel to me now, I never quit, I will do always videos
Do whatever you want bro, we'll always love you 👊
Pewds, I love your vlogs, gaming, and contents. You deserve it and we appreciate it. You may start again by playing the next Resident Evil 4 Reboot though maybe it will released in the future. Again, thank you for your wonderful time of sharing this to us and it has been a great time and still it continues the journey.
You deserve a retirement but its your choice
I love ur old and new content. The new content is the most chill videos in my opinion. Love u pewds. Ha det bra
One thing. DON'T. QUIT!
Love u pewds 👊👊👊
11 minutes and 80,000 views, WOW
thanks for sticking around. ppl enjoy seeing ppl being passionate or showing genuine interest in anything. honestly i LOVE the Japan vlogs and other stuff.
Youtube to surfing arc
Great reflection
I'm just not ready for u to go , im sorry just can't
It's very important that you've made this realization and kept going! I think many of us noticed that you have become happier and been more yourself in the past two years on yt. I guess we're all here for that amazing change and improvement. It's really just enjoyable and motivating to see all your "Arcs" throughout the years. So I think we're gonna be excited to see what's next like always! Enjoy Japan and be happy man. <3 Much love.
Följt dig länge och älskar hur du utvecklats och bara har ett awesome liv nu. Fortsätt sålänge du känner för det <3
I learned how to speak english from you when i was little! You were my childhood! I love you Pewdiepie MVH Svenne
Love you man, you accompanied my childhood. Your videos basically thought me the English language. Love all the stuff you do because I watch your content for you as a person! Do what you love and stay happy and healthy man!
Well just do whatever you want :)
PHILOSOPHY ? Would be epic
brofist? thank you kind sir. blessings of wojcicki upon ye.
u definitely shouldn't  quit.... we enjoy all ur uploads.... n ur minecraft vids are so fun to watch!!
We love you Félix.
Glad your here to stay 👍🏻
I like this felix just updating about his life
PewDiePie'ın youtube'u bırakmaması gerektiğini kim söylüyor?
Thank you Pewds :) For not quitting. When I heard the quitting video, I thought this was too early. I just started watching. NOOOOOOOOoooOOOoooOO (I was just starting to watch). Now I'm in relief.
Nice keep it up ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm soo grateful for pewdiepie Even tho it has Been 10 years  he didn't quit  Thank you Felix for uploading vidoes it has Been great ride thx felix
live your life pewds, you've given us plenty
Well if u ever do quit for good I will take your 112 million subs if u can give them away 😂 lol
Fucking bots ruining special moments.
You are one of the original OGs I will never forget watching your slender the arrival gameplay as my introduction to you and getting familiar with who you were and the kind of things you were known for back then(Friday with pewdiepie, pewds does everything, fan mail, amnesia,your goated black ops wager match gameplay etc.) my point is if you do decide to quit eventually I would be happy for the joy you brought me the past 10 years as I grew into an adult,thank you Felix bro fist 👊.
Thanks man ❤️
What headphones are does?
respect
Yo what headset is that. It looks so good. Someone help me out here!
As a Nineteen year old that’s been watching you for the longest time. I’m just so happy that Felix is happy. I hope he finds further happiness.
Mmmhmmm...
All the ups, all the downs, and everything in between. Just want to say thanks for all the laughs and experiences. And wherever your endeavors take you, i wish you well. Iv said some negative things on this channel but it was never out of spite. We all try to shape our heros a bit more to our liking but over the years iv come to love and accept the random goofiness of the pewdiepie channel along with all the heartfelt moments as well. We love you! 🤜🤛
Whatever you upload, we will love bro. GrandpaPewds is just as great as ScreechingPewds.  Enjoy success!
Stop hitting your Mic pls
I'm in that position right now, I'm stuck in the middle of prelim period and studying is such an alien concept, I've tried to work hard and I want to work for everything I've been blessed enough to be given but it's so hard. I dunno, but seeing you going for it and not giving up is a form of inspiration I guess. Thanks
Just do what you want. We will always support you. 👊👊
I can't wait until you announce our marriage. I Love You, seriously Felix, I love you.
Always loved your content and will keep on watching 🤘
Thank u felix
Thank you Felix for taking the time to update us although you don't really need to, but it just shows once more how much you care about your audience unlike so many people online who claim to do so. You are loved for a reason. Keep doing you and enjoy your time at Japan! 💖
bro felix
Dear- whoever is reading my comments at this time, God bless his/her parents always 🤩😘😘
Notification squad! Where you at!?
Fun fact: you can get a degree in surfing
Bro I was JUST watching a short clip of him saying he's already retired.
So no games?
All the love and happiness for you and your loved ones man! You will always be NUMBER 1
DEAR - WHOEVER IS READING MY COMMENTS AT THIS TIME, WE ARE ALL UNKNOWN TO EACH OTHER, YET I PRAY TO GOD THAT ANY TENSION GOING ON IN YOUR LIFE,IT SHOULD GO AWAY AND YOU WILL ALWAYS BE HAPPY /🙏🙏
It's so strange it feels like I've grown with this channel and with Felix. I've been watching for like 9 or 10 years, I'm 30 years old now, and I just love how this has all turned out, it makes me happy seeing you happy and it makes me happy seeing a random PewDiePie video in my subs every so often. You do you Felix, enjoy your retirement!
early
Banana
Honestly we would be happy if you just shared what you and your wife had done the past week on a Friday and call it Fridays with kjellbergs
Been here since 10k subs Pewds you're an absolute role model. Watching you live out your dreams and truly get to the point where you can just upload whatever makes you feel good to make is amazing. Love you Pewds will be here till the last upload!
If you are reading this, pls know that falling down is an accident....but staying down is a choice... but I rather choose to stand up☺️❤️
It makes me happy to see pewds happy. He's deserves all that he's achieved!
Frankly, i have started to enjoy the videos way more nowadays, like it used to be almost 6ish yrs ago, you're not as loud as you used to be, but I'm not a child either. Growing up along with you i had gotten fed up of seeing drama everywhere. Seeing you enjoy life has instilled that enjoyment in your content again for me, stay happy!
Dude, you deserve where you’re at. You’ve gotten to a place in life people spend their whole existence trying to get to. You’ve worked hard and you are loved by millions, you are in your dream place with your dream girl and your little dog family. YOU DESERVE THIS!! Do WHATEVER you want. Bc you have gotten to the point you can. We believe in you Felix. A lot of us grew up with you and we can say that we are very proud of you. We couldn’t thank you enough for all you’ve done. Enjoy Japan my dude
early gang less goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo felixxxx
We will always love you Felix, no matter what. You are the legend among legends on youtube. Hope you can live the happy life you want with your beautiful Marzia
We enjoy it Pewds I love that now its just so nice watching your videos in the end of the day after school so thank you for what you do.
Don't quit pewds 🥲
Love you man! I wish to see you one day
I love this man soo much man
Enjoy yourself Felix, you have been in all of our childhoods/teenhoods/adulthoods and we will always be here to support you! It’s so comforting to watch you grow and develop your life in a way that makes you happy! ❤️
🫡
I love the situation we've created with this community, Felix gets to upload videos & share things he genuinely enjoys and we get to still watch our favorite youtuber
If u quit... I'll stop watching YouTube
gonna watch the vid so I don't know the topic but, because you're a legend is my answer haha  jk aside, I think it's because of his recent uploads sine he retired. I actually find any era of Felix pefect for me cause like him I am also growing up, so my interest in vids to watch is also constantly changing from super hyper gaming to chill daily vlogs.
pewd minecraft with ksi when?
Keep doing what you’re doing. This comfy feeling of your videos is what I stick around for, especially when so much of content online is, as you said, a distraction to pass the time. With your videos I feel like it’s something I wanna make the time to watch and chill.
I watch you because of your sense of humour. It doesn't necessarily need to be a meme review video. But if I can just laugh watching the video then that's enough.
bro idk whatever you do please make more minecraft videos
wholesome
I look at my cellphone and stares at it for 2hours wondering "what is thing?" Then i remember, its a cellphone, i laughed out loud and forgot why i was laughing so stared at mh phone again...  I did that for a whole day.
Your consistency and quality of content never disappoint !🙏🙏❤
it’s been 12 years!!!! go surfing dude. we appreciate you no matter what, we r all people too and we understand where ur coming from (: do what you enjoy. people who enjoy and love your videos will always be here for the next upload whenever it is!!
Still can’t believe it’s come so far. It’s amazing.
Nice
Have fun felix
No way he did a brofist😢
nice
Even the content was shallow and kinda stupid, Pew News was legit my favourite news source at the time.
I rarely comment. But lots of people love your content. For ever vocal hater there's probably three fans who don't say anything and just enjoy the content. So here's a compliment. Keep doing you boo, it's fantastic. Xx
I think it is great that you can focus on what is fun when you have the time, health and money to do it. So it is great that you are doing exactly that! thank you for the update, all your fans love you
We love you Pewds and also lot of thank you for making a great content video for our childhood memories for 12 year's. I hope you having a good life with your family. *STAY AWESOME BROS 👊*
These days whenever Pewds uploads it feels like a visit from an old friend
You realized you no good at anything bru?
What was the video about? I was staring at the earphone the whole time
PewDiePie already won at life and is just playing the postgame.
I still really enjoy watching your videos.
Ultimately, whatever decision you make with the channel, I am happy as long as you are happy. I enjoy your content for *you*. Not if you're doing X, Y, or Z thing. Like you said, I understand not all think this way, but I hope most sympathize with this. Keep doing you, Pewds :] ♥
I respect everyone who involved in this. Seriously the best piece that I've ever seen on youtub. Hats off to you all ! Love your videos. 😍😍😍😍
by far you're the one i have respect for the most out of everyone else i grew up watching you and i admire you felix i am happy that you are happy much love to you and thank you
We love you man.
even if you are not uploading video we will always happy for you.  keep uploading if you feel like it felix . this is so much better and fun
It's okay. I understand.
I'm happy that you like Japan 👍
You’ll always be the greatest, and don’t worry mrbeast has youtube in the right hands
no worries i love vlogs bro
Grew up with your videos, glad you're still having some fun with it and im glad to see these updates every so often. Glad you're well Felix
Remembering why you fell in love with the craft during these moments of reflection gives amazing opportunities to expand that craft into new territory. Thank you for continuing to produce the content you want, on your terms, and thank you for bringing us with you on your journey!
Man this is your japan arc Do what's best for you uwu
Absolute legend 👑
He is my childhood
The video turned out to be impressive.🥰
""""""One of the best things about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something . He always respect us , the audience , and his team, and he is always polite in all of his video😍☺️💝
I stayed for the creater, and because of that, all of the content has been enjoyable. Glad ur gonna stick around Pewds. Watched you in my childhood and it is nice to have that in my adulthood and seeing you grow as a person. Brofist dude
Keep up the good work, mate.
Poor sive. Guess he'll be paid less now 😂 Still.. Do what you like to do pewds! We're all for it.
Support from japan !
Been a fan for over a decade now. We have all grown
We support you either way
what headphone is that
I respect that Felix. Enjoy your life because you deserve it.
i love you
Crazy good headphones right there
Felix just do what ever makes you happy and what ever you're comfortable with. If you quite your fans will understand and if you keep doing youtube your fans will be here for you. You've created such a wholesome positive fan base so...yea 🤷🏻‍♂
🫶🫶🫶🫶
I miss your old horror let´s plays dude...but everything has to end one day.
Time for Minecraft playthrough 2.0
I felt that brofist so hard I had to go back and do it a second time. We will always love and support you pewds, as long as you do what you enjoy. Thank you for all the memories you have given us so far and never forget we will always be here for you, just as you have been here for us in our hardest times. Thank you again for being an awesome person
THANKS FOR INFORMATION EVERY SINGLE NEWS TO US HAT'S TO THIS MAN ❤️😍😅❤️
Pewdiepie really is youtube veteran
🤜
nice headset wtf
Never been this early on a PewDiePie video before
We love you pews :)
dont be sad pewds. although i noticed the downhill but look at me still watching your channel
It’s crazy how I was watching pewds for 6 yrs now
Shave Mr.Felix
Let's take a moment to appreciate how much effort they put in the video just for us ❤️❤️❤️
Damn early asf
Such a great message Pewds. Really appreciate you. I miss the full on you, jumping out of your cupboard screeching etc, but in saying that, I’m aware time and change is great. I’m so happy that you are happy it wouldn’t matter if every vid was something I wasn’t into, I‘ll always support you Felix! Thanks a bunch, bro!
I may not enjoy the vlogs as much as your older content, but it makes me smile to see you so happy. We support you no matter what you decide to do!
videos that you enjoy making will be the most entertaining video!!!
Yo hey pewds ive been loving the new videos recently.. I just wanted you to know you’ve gotten me into philosophy and I’m grateful to you for being the reason I’ve checked it out also thank you for all the memories you’ve created for me … I’ve been watching every episode that’s came out for years now and I never get sick of it and I just wanna say thank you for more than you’ll ever know :) !!!
...
DEAR - WHOEVER IS READING MY COMMENTS AT THIS TIME, WE ARE ALL UNKNOWN TO EACH OTHER, YET I PRAY TO GOD THAT ANY TENSION GOING ON IN YOUR LIFE,IT SHOULD GO AWAY AND YOU WILL ALWAYS BE HAPPY /🙏🙏
❤️
You're a married man. Priorities change. We respect that
I would be happy if Felix just keeps posting stuff from Japan and that’s all anything else would be a plus
I reckon pewds will leave YouTube within the next 3 years.
Love you Poods. Do whatever the f you like and we'll support and enjoy it🤎
You're a huge inspiration and a great motivator for me to become a better person. Thank you for being there for me and millions of others!
Pewds chill surfing vid when. On the se vein, i really enjoy your current style of videos it's more relaxed and feels less like you have to catch every upload as it happens and more watch at your own pace. I miss that about old YouTube and i love seeing that you've kept the idea of fun in your mind as you have been making videos. I enjoy watching your new stuff and look forward to more relaxed videos in the future.
what's that plunger sound every 5 seconds lol
NEVER quit we go throught the worst years of our lives we cant loosee you
“some things never change” felt that...
Hello pewds
Japan Pewdiepie is peak Pewdiepie!!!
Glad to see that you two are enjoying life <3
Pewds rlly look similar to Aaron Paul now that I’ve came to think of it
You should enjoy doing your job man, happy for you and cant wait for the future videos
Dear- whoever is reading my comments at this time, God bless his/her parents always 🤩😘😘
Ok.
very wholesome. I hope he continues having fun in japan. I love the vlogs. Thank you for editing marzia!
Pewds I was still in secondary school when I started watching you. Literally 15 years old, telling my friends what I watch on YouTube and having them say "who's PewDiePie?" Which is practically laughable now. Its been nice to see your full evolution as a person, but more importantly I'm glad you went back to your roots and do YouTube for the fun of it. When your hobby becomes a job it's easy to start hating it and it loses all meaning. I'll be sticking around and seeing where your channel goes in the future.
It's understandable have fun 👍 my guy....
Hello
He’s right, he accomplished enough, the man battled an entire corporation for months, so now he can relax. He is a true legend.
Wait, wait, wait, … before you go…   One last amnesia video??
You done your part, enjoy the rewards of your labour, thank you for being a staple of my teenage memories. Happy for you king
What’s important is your own happiness and sense of fulfillment in your career and other aspects of life, pewds. 👍
Upload what YOU want to upload when YOU want to upload no matter what anyone thinks.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
👊
Thank you for some many years of content, btw I noticed in your last video you had a Buddhist deity up on the wall. Did you become a Buddhist as well?
vlog is boring
He still uploads?
No matter what you do we will support you ❤. You always make me happy no matter how hard things get, and I'm forever grateful for that. You honestly are one of my favorite people and I look up to you. Thank you for being you Felix 😊.
Been a fan a while now but definitely have been adoring your recent videos! Life is about growing and changing, it's a good thing 💜
Bro u re confused on ur 111 million subscribers  channel but we small youtubers are still thinking that to make future in youtube  but never give up
When and if you quit YouTube will you keep your channel up so we can watch older content??
a Carpenter can retire and still make some crafts whenever he has the time and mood to do such.  Its been a wonderful journey Felix but its fine to not have a routine for YouTube anymore. If you want to share something to us, we will be here and will love to hear about it.
honestly dude I just enjoy watching YOU! Your personality is what got me hooked on your channel and continues to keep me here! 💜
I like what he said
Bro just enjoy yourself ❤️
pewds setting up the new meta lesssgoooo~~~
It's Better when YouTuber makes videos coz he wants to Make and not coz he wants all The money.
Why is he wearing headphones?
king
My favorite video. You are such an inspiration for us creators that haven’t caught our break yet. Glad to see you will still be creating.  I still think your ‘studio tour’ was the funniest thing ever.
This might sound offensive to you Felix but it would have been fine if you've already quitted, i kinda accepted it already when you just post reaction videos for a time but i am glad you didn't since we are getting this japan vlogs which are really chill and super relaxing to watch.   if you never upload again that will be fine but a video from you will always be a welcome to watch.
I really hope you'll be here in the future, because you give a wholesome vibe, you mean something to me, and to sooo many other people
Bro 👊
I am 69,000th view
You do you pewds, you do you!
All that aside what are your headphones man. Lmao
Will always be happy to see you, even if its every now and then, you are a wholesome presence in many lives
Well done boi
because you are YOUTUBE it's self
NEW MINECRAFT SERIES 🙏
Good afternoon from Nigeria
honestly seeing you happy and posting what you want to post is the most fun and entertaining thing. we just want you to be happy! thank you for still being on youtube. we will always support you 🫶✨🤍
Love the Vlogs!!!
The pewds Japan ark is some of the best content on youtube imo. I love watching every single vlog.
Luck dose not exist
You keep doing you, we’ll just go trough this journey with you 🫶🏽
I can't speak for everyone else, but I subscribed almost 10 years ago and watched every video since  becuz of you, I just enjoy watching your videos, they make my day slightly better, even tho you changed I changed with you, and I forgot what my point was so I'll leave it at that... sorry
I would love to see more book reviews, you always gave  me really good book recommendation and thoughtful insights.
Your vlogs are refreshing, please take your time and just make content for fun. Love you Felix 😘
Next chapter- pewds does youtube to until he can move to mars.
Feels good to see you in this mood, keep it up Pewds !
i love the vido
We’re glad you didn’t quit I’m always happy when I see a notification for your video, you inspire me to keep going when life feels too tough.
I miss the book videos
I am really glad that you are doing what you enjoy at your own pace, all the better that we get to come along for the ride here and there! To me this channel has always been  carried by your personality and seeing the different weird funny and dumb shit you got up to. I enjoy almost all of the content you put out throughout the years so I couldn't be happier knowing that going forward from here, you'll continue that trend of chill "whatever" content!
Greatest man in history, had no servants, yet they called him Master. Had no degree, yet they called him Teacher. Had no medicines, yet they called him Healer. He had no army, yet kings feared Him. He won no military battles, yet He conquered the world. He committed no crime, yet they crucified Him. He was buried in a tomb, yet He lives today🙏🏻. His name is Jesus.❤
You have done an incredible job with your YouTube, all your videos made a lot of people happy ♥ thank U for your hard work and let us see U from time to time
💜👍
Love you pewd, wish u always be happy with all my heart. Thank you
Glad you didn’t quit, it’s always nice to see you again Felix
I grew up watching you, always supporting and watching ❤️
I've heard Cupquake say the same thing with life changing so much I don't think it should be that we constantly push out content unless we want to. Do it at your own pace is what I'm saying. It still has to be fun for you so that it will be fun for everybody else and it will translate that fun and those moments of joy yknow?
Please play God of war Valhalla
TAMBOURINE HEADSET GANG!!!
End credits would be so cool though
I can trace my entire adolescence to adulthood through you. We’ve never met each other, but I’ve considered you my friend since I was 13. Now I’m 22 and I am so proud of how far you’ve come and how far I’ve come. Love to you always, Felix. Rest when you want to, for now I’ll keep enjoying your content  <3
I'm here for pewds regardless of the content ! It has been for the past decade. I for one Japan arc has been a blast!
thanks for the update, ill see you in the next one <3
:)
the japan vids are pretty sick so keep doin the do
looking old
At the end of the day, do what YOU want. Will u upload more or not, you did so much for me and everybody in comment section, that you deserve whatever your heart wants. Take care
Loved this video! I'm looking forward to the next Book review, or lesson in Philosofy
Your headset is groovy. What do you think about making technical and/ or equipment review content. Do you have any content like that
once a wise weman said "Do you boo"
You can do whatever you want tho!
That "somethings never change" felt incredibly good tbh
The best part about “making it” is that you can do whatever you want so don’t feel pressured to make anything. We’ll support you no matter what.
Thank you for being the best bro EVER, Pewds.
thank you papa pewds
You’ve been my number one favourite since I was like 9 or 10 and now I’m 18. God, time really flies but thank you for being apart of my life. It was very lonely. But watching you and the rest playing Gmod and so on, I felt like I was in a group of friends. Here since the golden age! Thank you again Pewds
I love you so much my baby
Bro if you you literally removed 11 mil subs from your channel it would not diminish the accomplishment.  You already got a 100 mil just do whatever you want. When's the next big milestone? 200 mil? Yes right leave that to the next generation who cares
His headphones look like tambourines. floor gang ahoo
i love you g ong
love u bro
Thank you for staying with us Felix I really appreciate it. Just seeing you work on what you love doing makes me happy. Being able to see glimpses into your life is wonderful and has helped me get through some difficult times. Even if you decide this isn’t what you want to do in life anymore we’ll still always be here to support you. Thank you for always being a comfort. I’m always excited for whatever you decide to do/create.
Don't quit..
BOOK REVIEWS GOTTA COME BACK IF YOU WANT TO
I haven’t been watching recently but Ive watched you through my late childhood and teen years. Your content has definitely influenced me in so many positive ways. Thank you for continuing to make content. You’re absolutely legendary. I know that sounds crazy cause in reality, you’re just a regular guy at the end of the day. But I think that’s what makes it so much more special.
Look how far we've grown fam.
YouTube wouldn't be YouTube with out ya pewds  Also what headphones are they they're fire
YouTubers when they hit 30* “Aight ima head out”
when felix said he retired it was clear that he meant he stopped caring about youtube and its algorithm and stopped trying to grow more he just does what he wants and enjoys his time
I love you pewds, i love every change that your channel went through and im absolutely in love with this new japan "era" bueno chau
Hey felix, hope you will have fun on YouTube for many years to come because we are enjoying it!
Something you need to understand about people who have followed you since your beginning,  we grew up too. So, the transition,  it felt normal. It felt like our own. Feels real. Keep in touch, felix. God bless
love you felix, do what makes you happy
I am glad you’re still here. I enjoy seeing your victory lap. You deserve it. You and your wife deserve all the happiness you guys can conjure up. Thank you for still being here and letting us be a little part of it all. I have enjoyed watching you grow and growing with you.
øæå
As long as you are here and having fun and enjoying your life we'll always be here pewds ready to support you with whatever choice you make, thank you for all the memories and the fun and joy you brought to us. 👊
Keep going bro, you gotta do you.
Over 1500 comments 7 minutes after the video was up. It is still impressive. Thank you for not giving up, Felix.
You helped me get through some difficult times in my life. I'm also glad that you're out enjoying your life while still making videos. You've got my support no matter what you decide to do.
You're doing great pewds.
We got the brofist again👊
we love ur japan vlogs pewss!
😎😎😎
In a month:  *120 mil subs*
You should just keep making the content you enjoy. This is your life and you have been so successful. No need to endure any longer. Us fans will support you along your journey. Glad you are still here and never quit!
Enjoy your life felix! Take your time, make it beautiful, and come back when you up to it! Stay safe man
Thanks for the upload it has been a long time welcome back felix
Does this means we get to see the start of "felix n family"
1633
As a child of the 80's ANYTHING thats electronic and has wood grain, I'm all for.
We're still here for you, pewds. Thank you for this wonderful journey. Looking forward on your next chapter! *brofist*
Nice headphones
HUH? HE ALMOST QUIT?
When i see edgar's fur turn gray i realize that its been a decade i've been knowing pewdiepie. thanks for all the work for all of us. im thankful that i found your channel back then till now. such a long journey. thank you felix..
Not to be super frank or anything but I got started on you in a very serious point of my life. Wasn’t when you first started but I had just really started watching you. Knew about you beforehand but just started. I was in the process of getting my “affairs in order” in you know what I mean, making sure my kids were good, making sure my wife was good, making sure I had a really good explanation as to why I took the “short drop with a quick stop” route. But your happiness and your perseverance and you smiling and laughing started to make me smile and laugh and eventually you helped me dig myself out. Unbeknownst to you and none of what I watched of yours was specifically about that which I was about to do but just being “around” you helped me tremendously. If you retired right now, this minute, I wouldn’t be upset I would be happy for you. You helped me and countless others in ways I’m sure we’ll never know but you have your own life. Your kids and family. Do what makes YOU happy.
ずっと順風満帆だった成功者なんていないよね
Lo mejor de lo mejor
i wish you the best of luck on this next chapter of your life felix  and support any decision you make :)
love you bro bro take that year off baby 😶‍🌫🥳
Fandme godt gået, svensk! Jeg håber at din glæde vil vokse sig større i dit liv i Japan og jeg ser frem til en glad video en gang imellem, i stedet for at se en video hver dag og vide at det ikke gør dig glad
I love u and i respect u Felix. Do whatever u want. Enjoy japan. Always will be supporting for u. 💞
Hey I am happy you are starting to do YouTube again because you enjoy it!  It's nice to see you guys happy when in the world there is a lot of negativity right now
One day we’re gonna open YouTube and see the channel name change from PewDiePie to Felix Kjellberg. Stay true to yourself and enjoy your retirement! We’ll always be thankful for the memories and support you.
This made me tear up. We're all here for you, Felix. And we're happy for you.
This legit made me tear up a bit :')
Thanks for stopping by Felix. Glad you're still uploading videos
Go off king 👑
I started playing Minecraft because of you felix. Your content has always brought joy on my face ♥️ Stay happy forever pewds! BROFIST! 👊
So glad u still some do upload video again
thank you for staying pewds. its just enjoyable to watch you having a good peaceful life in japan ❤️ hope you'll play some games again sometimes ❤️
whatever you do you have my support
earliest ive been to one of these
ah yes grill headphones
"I still enjoy sharing stuff with you guys and I dont just wanna give all that up." Made me happy, made me smile.
a: cause I didn't
YEAAA That is the Felix I love never give up keep goin dude love you content
Quit or not, you're in Japan. Life is good
Yoooooo oOoOO oOoOO
No matter what decision Felix goes with, I will support it, but when he retires, it'll feel like watching the end of multiple eras of Youtube.
I'm so glad you didn't quit but on the other hand I'm behind whatever decision you do make! although I will admit it would be weird, it has been weird not having you upload as much as you did. I grew up with you and you brought and bring me so much joy when I watch you, you are such an inspiration for me and helped me through some of my darkest times. I love you so much man, and again whatever you feel like doing I am behind that, I'm glad you are happy in japan and living your life. I cant wait for the videos you decide to post next!
BBQ headphones
Even if you do, this Title of yours will never die in our hearts. <3
youtube subscribe please10
I’ve been watching you for 10 Years Felix. Wishing for nothing but the best for you and Marcia. No matter what you decide to do I’ll be here to support :)
pewdie #1
I remember the first time I watched a video of yours in the early 90s. The cameras I had wired throughout your parents house really gave me insight into the man you would become. Anyway stay golden pony boy. I'll be watching you.
For someone that allegedly loves his fans you certainly seem to hate when they spot you in public. I guess we're all shallow too since the content we like is just shallow to you Pewds. Your ego really has grown more massive than Trumps.
❤️❤️❤️
You post, we watch. Simple.
Just….breath air
PLEASE DON'T!!!!
Something sus here my dad remi lilleng said he knows you and met you in sweden and knows your mom or you or smth cap or fact??
Didn't think I'd grow up enough for this moment
Honestly I just enjoy Felix talking just like mark
youtube subscribe please9
More Japan blogs please :)
Good boy Felix
It my birthday tomorrow
Memes have sucked since 2018 so while the rare meme review is appreciated, it's not like we're missing much
W Pewds
You do you bro, we always here for you
I think that it is good that you are still here.
youtube subscribe please8
Thank you for being you. I started watching you since 2012. So from when I was 13 to 23 lol. Love your channel and what you do.
Do want you want to do felix, we will always try our best to support you all the way to the end, good luck with life in japan
Do you feel pressured to make content despite the overwhelming support?  Also do you feel as if you can't truly be yourself as a YouTube celebrity?  Has your personality changed to fit the persona you want your viewers to see?  I hope to meet you someday, friend
You just do you pewds. Share what you want we'll be here.
youtube subscribe please7
My latest brofist with Felix for the past 10 years.
Semangat bang, aku tetap menonton bang windah basudara
It felt the “bro” era video from pewds
Something’s never change🥹🥹
youtube subscribe please6
What’s your headset pewds
We got your back, no matter what content you put out.
Love you bro <3
Pewdiepie’s  lasagna best 🤤
have fun surfing pewds !
'im not quitting' best thing I've ever heard in my life
A blessing Pewdiepie didn't quit yet.
what kind of headphones are those? anyone know?
This is how every youtuber should be, every one has a channel to share what they like and what they love. really proud of pewds for doing what he loves and sharing it to us.
We here early. I'm glad you're doing you
Just have fun pewds we love you (:
I started watching you 1 year into you making your channel sometimes I had forgotten to be supportive but I spent years laying in my bed laughing and watching your videos and finding my obsession for video games. You were honestly a big part of my childhood and an escape from my horrible life. Thanks dude
We love you Pewds, never stop doing what feels right ❤
Glad u didn't quit :)
love you pewds!
It’s funny Felix saying “YouTube is just a distraction” I think that’s the premise of most media, especially social media nowadays
Always loved your content and looking forward to more ☺️🍪 xxx
Ayoo the HEADOHONE changed
youtube subscribe please5
We are still here
just upload what you want felix i'll still be here watching
Thank you Felix for not quitting YT, doing what you want to, love to do and what we enjoy. It's inspiring and also it really helped me during my lockdown days so Thank you Felix for inspiring many of us
IDK WHY BUT I FEEL EMOTIONAL WATCHING THIS 🥲
This was perfect timing as I really just wanted to quit life. But I’m going to keep going 💪💪
You're good man Felix, I don't like negative people cause of racism and hatred. I like positive people and you are one of them.
❤️🖤❤️🖤
Hmm.
I don't think its a situation where its all-in or nothing at all. I'm sure there a way to be in the middle: less youtube.
Pewds never EVER quit until you want to never let anyone tell you what to do good job buddy! 👍
People like Pewdiepie deserve all the joy in the world 🌍
Do i see a straw hat notebook there?
ty for continuing to make videos;_; I APPRECIATE YOU & PLS CONTINUE TODO THINGS YOU ENJOY
Always been a fan. But that era of right wing adjacent characters weren't it dog.  And also I know some of the drama was bullshit but come on man!! You can't just chuck all of it to BS! Some of it you genuinely deserved. Anyhow I hope you have a fantastic retirement.
Some things never change 🤍
Been with you from the start and it's been a journey to watch you as I grow up. Some changes were better than others but no matter what you'll always be the YouTuber I go to on my rough days. Enjoy Japan, dude. You deserve it.
Stay strong, Pewds
you do you and share what ever you feel like!
youtube subscribe please4
You are the best Pewds! If you leave good luck with your life
Owie
Hope u never quit🥹
i agree, at the end of the day it doesn't need to be black or white, it doesn't necessarily mean you have to either quit or stay. most important part is that this channel is your creative space to make content whenever you feel like it, and whoever still enjoys it will watch, or for those who don't then they will watch other things. keep doing what you're doing pewds!
Thanks for not leaving pewds I love all your videos and was watching your vids from so many years thanks for them pewds
oten
Go Have fun .... Bro  Fist hahaha Thank you .... come back any time you want will here waiting for your whacky Uploads
I think we all enjoy watching you enjoy life.  It's great seeing you happy :)
youtube subscribe please3
👊👊
Do you know what PewDiePie I actually watching YouTube but I talk with you because everybody just bragging divided by four VOI know you are still: I am bringing back and I love you I love you
It's good to see how much you've grown man. Glad to have been on this ride for so long.
Low key wouldn't mind some more Magic Arena 😉
You're the best, you can't quit.
Brofist 👊
Understandable
youtube subscribe please2
❤️❤️❤️
But hey too serious recently Some meme reveiw pls
Will always support whatever decision you make, thanks got everything bro ❤️
They really dont need to watch you though i mean the "general public" i still enjoy vlogs though so wtf is this forcing felix to quit. Go f*** urself haters.
youtube subscribe please1
I luv watching your vids
While exploring Japan play Pokémon go
111mill lits fucking go
Enjoy your life felix. Always gonna support you bud.
Keep doing what you want to do Felix, that's all that matters
Don't quit pls
This is great BUT where is your next rage game with a pain challenge???
Yey you didn't quit😄
The most heart felt video from pewds in a while
I DO NOT MIND IF THIS CHANNLE BECOMES DEEP. Send it pewds
Who says PewDiePie shouldn't quit youtube?    👇👇
No matter what you want to do Felix, we love you and we will support you no matter what. You’ve been a part of us for a long time and will forever be a part of us. ❤️❤️❤️
Just continue on enjoying yourself on yt man we'll be with you anywhere everywhere
Fun growing with you pewds
Bro fist 👊
I'm down for stuff you enjoy personally, meaning a video about a book, movie, series or something that you enjoy. The Blame! video is one of my favourites of yours for example
Love you pewds!!! BROFIST!!!
No matter what you do , We'll still love you the way we ever did because that's what bros do
РД❤
You are one of the reasons of why my high school years were a whole lot more doable. I'll still be here, watching your content. Because you are a part of why I am a whole lot happier now than I was 5 years ago. Much love and support for you from me and the rest of your community and fans. ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The real ones will stay. 😌
pls don't quit🥲 " NEVER  QUIT " 👊
Respectable have a great day
👊🏻
That brofist hits very different now... Glad you're enjoying your life right now!
Bruh, I'd you quit I quit
YES! ENJOY!  just enjoy the things you really enjoy
Good
🤍
brofist! 😭👊
Enjoy life, travel, being w your partner.  Who cares about money and wasting time on social media.  Can't take your money once you're dead 💀
It's been an honor as your viewer to grow up with you. I looked up to you since highschool, I used to be edgy too when the dark age of pewdiepie happened. I feel like I've learned a lot from you. When you decided to quit drinking, I was also at a turning point in my life. Your philosophical videos helped me change in a way, surely for the better. I started working out too, slowly but steady, I'm not that fit yet. You inspired me to learn self value. If you ever decided to quit youtube, I won't be mad, but I will miss your videos. I'm so happy that you didn't quit, I'm happy that you occasionally takes a break, I'm happy that you're now just chilling. Thank you.
I love your current content... the vlogs are just perfect.
YEAJ THE BORFIST EYWYEYSYAHAYAHAHA YEEEHAWWWW THE BRO FIST <3
(;
U do u  boo ❤️❤️❤️
im glad youre not officially quitting / did officially quit and that the last two years have been really good for you to discover what you want to do :)
substitute
goofy ahh headset my guy💀💀💀
Keep doing what you enjoy Felix, if you still enjoy Youtube on occasions we'll all still be here for you, we can be low maintenance that way :) Glad you are in a comfortable place now.
You could open up a hot dog stand to complete the cycle my dear noble lord peepeepie
Very nice
I miss that brofist
i really respect that. enjoy it. im sure everyone here is just here to watch you do whatever. just have fun <3
Have fun, my dude.  Really do hope you bring back the book reviews in some form or another
this man gave us a whole decade of fun, thank you.
Does Sive has pension after you quit ?
Watched you grow, while growing up! You'll always be the integral part of life. Love you King 👑
make videos that you like making :0 we like watching you.
Gaming vids every now and then would be fun ngl but whatever its still fun to watch pewds
I am sure you won't see this but I would like to thank you for the quality videos that helped me pass through hard times. Stay safe Felix 👊.
POGG!!!
That might sound selfish of me but I’m glad pewds didn’t quit. I’ll always support him & wish him the best but his  videos really bring me joy so that part of me selfishly wants him to keep going & I’m really enjoying his Japan vlogs
I'm super happy for you Pews!
Yea
Why make big number bigger when big number already big?
good
Dude, you, among other, paved the way and created this entire carreerpath for sooo many others. You had to find your own path. As a person one stumbles, and one gets back up. It is what you did. I love the fact you followed your own path and thank you for your effort and dedication and all the great content.
I am glad you didn't quit.
💪
Pewds is literally the quintessential influencer. Leave or don't leave, we will never forget the incredible memories! Long live LWIAY and meme review 💞
The day you do actually stop doing YouTube will be a sad day. When I think of YouTube PewDiePie is the first person that comes to mind. Watching your videos is literally apart of my daily routine. Love the Japan videos too!
GLAD YOU DIDNT QUIT BUDDY! If you quit, i dont think YouTube would recover from it-
You are doing everything for the right reasons. You can be proud of yourself :) I know we are :) I grew up with your channel and you grew too! And that is why I still watch you. Keep it up :) I think you are inspiring many people in a good way
just do what makes you happy dude :D
<3
My idol since I was 11 and now still 21 🏆Chad
ilk
Pewds did the best vid for the past years and he just taking a break after long years of doing content . Bro fist 👊 everyone
sick new headphones 😁😁
The end of an era🙇‍♂️
You’re welcome!! We love you !!!
will you do a video on how you got your visa and the process you went through to become a citizen of japan?
Enjoy your life Felix. You have done more than you could imagine for your fans. No matter what you do, we will always love you ❤️
Those headphones looks kinda heavy
We love u pewdiepie
Don't quit mf , people love you
This was wholesome
""One of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something. He always respect us the audience and his team and he is always polite in all of his videos. We congratulate ourselves on this achievement. More to come and everything to come""😎👍
You served the click bait media on a silver plate with a side dish of PR genius.
Those headphones look sick.
We love you PewDiePie
Play gameplay commentaries at your pace Pewds. I’m here for it! >:D
Wonder if this is the last video.
i thought you wher going to quit when i dsaw this
Pewds i will always see you as the king of youtube you will always be the best you can rest now pewds you can quit anytime you want
Go surfing with a go pro 😀
aren't those really expensive headphones pewds
I MISS YOU SO MUCH BANG
❤️
It's nice seeing you mature and not going down the hedonic treadmill path. This is a very healthy way to go about your life and path.
Glas you didn't  I hope you stick around . Tame a break occasionally n just hop in and embrace what you love
Quit or not, as long as you're happy, I will be fine with it
2:28 **boing**
Bro fist!
We will all support you pewds, no matter what. Do whatever you’d like, we’re all still here for you :D
A lil side tracked a bit but my god pewds hands is bigger than his face
It’s amazing we get to look through all felix life throughout these years. Keep it up! I wish i could keep watching u grow as a person and inpiring others!
I love your Japan vlogs Felix. I feel like I am there and since I cant go there. I really appreciate it!
This pewdiepie era was my favorite. I get that he was stressed and going through shit but the videos were the funniest.
Years has passed and all I can say is that thank you for still being here pewds, we hope that you could be more happier in the future. Maybe even letting yourself be more happier by your own way and not for the fans.
Glad you didn't quit, and it's great you found a way to still make videos while also enjoying life. Stay happy Felix, and thanks for all fhe memories
No pewds
it’s like it’s no longer a job you need to do. a deadline, it’s now just a hobby for him when he wants to upload he’ll upload. i respect that.
Bruhs''' The video is just published. How are you all commenting after 6 min of it being uploaded?
Damn this man is just a good man you know? Wish you and your family nothing but the best pewds.♥
thanks for not quitting!! we're still here :)
5 min = 1500 comments
You do you boo ill love you anyway take your time relax enjoy life you’ve given so much to so many nows the time for you to be selfish <3
why you are in my subscription, I didnt subscribe you
Your mom
Stay good
lats all unsubscribe and make him quit ... this bs is hard to hear.
Thanks for helping through tough times and putting in all that work for all of us, I appreciate you Mr Pewdiepie, thank you very much
2022 and still the biggest bamboozled in the history.
0
If Pewds quits, then my childhood is officially over
a
like that 100+ comment «first»
Hey man I've been watching you since the old gameplays so its nice to see how far you've grown and the content changes from time to time
we love you pookie
Plot Twist : Felix didn't want to quit because he wants to make more amazing funny videos for us and wants to overtake that sub bot called T-Series.
You are the G.O.A.T, do whatever you want, we're right here to support you!
wtf are those headphones?
One best thing about dude is that whenever he achieves something, he never gives the credit to himself. He always respect us, the audience the most and his team too.He is always polite in every of his video. We congratulate ourselves  for this achievement.  More to come and everything to come. We're always  with you❤🧡💛💚💙💜........
Missing his high pitched voice, talking about nonsense but quite entertaining. Pewds really is now at his peak and ultimate form, being matured
very well spoke
Biggest "Bruh moment" in the history of bruh moments
Racist
Everything is on point……….my ……p….plan is wo….
THANK YOU FELIX!!
Was here from the beginning and i learned so much from felix. He helped me grow as a person. I see felix as a mentor and wil keep watching him till the end  Stay strong bro's
💙
we love you! quit whenever you feel ready! enjoy your life the way you want to.
Love u pewds! Glad to see u doing well ♥ hope to see u more in the future :3
I'd love to see more honest videos, videos YOU want to do and it doesn't have to be trendy
We are here for you Felix :)
yoo  43k views in 6 mins
Will Support you forever! pewds <3
Thanks Felix
Thank you pewdiepie for not quitting youtube we love your content and stay strong
How about devolving haha jk  I still love the character development of pewds as a person
I like that Felix still uploads sometimes while being retired, he really is a YouTube veteran after doing this for 12 years, props for that
Do what you want felix i love your channel i would watch every video even you do not upload consistently i will always be here for you
Ok
The world wouldnt be the same if Pewds stopped creating content. Please dont stop.
Thanks for all the memories i love you man!! Miss the fridays with pewds
Well good bye thank you for your year of entertainment 7 year old grow up now in to big boys men in short bye bye thank you for your service 🥲 if you are planning on quitting
We Love You Pewds
This is the wano arc we wanted
Just quit already! jezus...
Shit me🙄
We love you Pewds, we'll support you no matter what you decide to do!!
It’s okay, he’s too busy playing minecraft to delete his channel at 100 million
POV: You're commenting random nonsense because your brain can't comprehend what happened in this video, and also because you want to be known as "the guy who commented 4th in the comment section".
will always support ya felix <3
nooooo
sive is back???
I'm still down for Pewds to make a new channel If he wants to. Though, I really do miss the time when Pewds was playing videogames, him having fun and us laughing and getting entertained by it. All those rage games, Skate 3 being a classic, made up characters like Jennifer from Slender or Dr. Crab and Shannon from Stranded Deep, Also Minecraft.
play a minecraft mod
Love u pews keep it up
You quit Youtube or not, we will still forever continue to love and support you. Don't let others stop you from doing what you truly love :).
Glad you didn't quit, and it's great you found a way to still make videos while also enjoying life. Stay happy Felix, and thanks for all fhe memories
Enjoy your time pewds.We will always be there for you👊👊
the japanese vlogs are so much fun, dont ever quit 💀
I personally never want you to quit but pewds it will always be your decision when to close this chapter of your life
LETS HAVE FUN FELIX
Never leave pewds, I’ve been watching your videos since I was literally in year 3 (8 years old)… I’m about to be 20. You’re literally my friend for life 😂🙏🏼
You can just upload when you have a good content to post Pewds. I already know you and I know you have established a great reputation amongst the youtube community. Posting once a month is also great as long as you don't change from that person who played horror games because that is the Pewds for me. If you quit it will be like Filthyfrank. So I'll wait for your videos as I also have a life and I don't often watch youtube over-all. Go do what you want, post videos that you like and the Pewdiepie we know. I am happy for you and My Brothers too Pewds even if you don't know us here. Go have fun!
Glad you didnt quit pewdiepie
Thankyou felix
thank you for still being here, seriously, thank you ♡
Nah screw that. Bring them back.
Pewds did started YouTube for fun and now it's come back where he begin with and enjoyed it
Thank you for not quitting :)
Pewds got swole :O
Pewdiepie
WE ALL KNOW WHY HE DOESNT WANT TO QUIT YET.... single handily beat India and now Mr Beast is  trying to catch up, the PewDs gotta keep going and make it impossible for anyone else to be the KING
Love watching you
No, Felix. Thank you. :)
Whe need Pewdapoop, that's why he's not leaving us.
*brofist*
do what makes you happy Felix! ❤, also those headphones are huge 😂😂
Still love your videos, feels like checking up on an old friend. And it fills me with calm. I'd understand if you quit though.
I'm so glad you didn't quit yet! You were such a huge part of so many childhoods and gave us so many precious barrel related memories! If you do decide to quit though, I'm sure everybody will support you on that. We love you Felix!
It's nice to grow old with you man! Stay still.
Can you play games ffs bro
i will always support u pewds
no
villain origin of the microphone
Never quit king you will make all 111 million people always smile ❤️
LOVE FORM 🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩❤️❤️❤️
Do yo thang man
❤️❤️❤️❤️ So we can all agree that this man never disappoints us with his vdo 😘😘😘.
sry pewds, with respect, it looks like you got 2 tambourines on your ears 😭
Chad shit
Brfrist💀🤨
its okay to take a break but... it just... hurt me a lot if you quit youtube... we love you pewds
I love you pewds you're my inspiration for making my youtube channel
Don't quit please
See HE WILL BE THE TRUE KING
I just saw the boys season 2 and I can't believe you exist in that universe. You are so beloved and famous. Don't quit, you are a legend.
Pewdiepie left years ago, stop impersonating him Felix !!
Honestly it’s a lot more enjoyable to see you doing YouTube for fun like back in the day. Because you’re just sharing what you love and it’s genuine and it’s relaxing and we support you doing what’s best for you ☺️
I hope you realize how many people grew up with you, and how many you helped with your content. Now is the time to take care of yourself and your loved ones. Do what ever you want, but we wouldn’t be mad if you quit.
You do you king!
Youtube is like an addiction to most content creators, very hard to quit and most come back. Glad you're enjoying Japan and the vlogs so much! much feel like the most satisfying breath of fresh air ever taken
We love you pewds
There's one thing you haven't done yet... YOUTUBE BOXING!
I love you Felix
I’m happy for you!
👊👊👊👊👊👊
This is truly the best era of pewdiepie
Man, I've been following this man since I was like 8... I'm 17 now...
You do a job you love you never work a day of your life. I've been here since the amnesia and happy wheels times and to me you haven't changed one bit, keep being you and continue to do what you love Felix. 🤜🤛
I need some money
Ok
Love you pewds💕
4:05 Exactly
Nice
those some nice headphones man
I will always support you pewds. Have been following your since 2014 and will continue to do so for life and i just wanna say thank you for helping me keep my sanity. Enjoy life man you deserve it. Wish me good luck of a better future :)
Dude  I came in 3 min thought I'd claim first but I find 500 comments already
Honestly Pewds you don't to worry about anything at all everyone would support you no matter what and we will still continue to watch your videos
bruh, never quit. Take breaks as much as you want like take 2/3 months breaks, doesn't matter. Just come back once in a while.
I don't know what's gonna break me more Pewds quitting or the end of One Piece.
Love you pewdiepie
If you are having fun doing it don't quit ❤️
Dear parents just because of your child is smiling at their phone  doesn't mean they have boyfriend or girlfriend they are watching this masterpiece 😂😂😂❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️.
I am actually very happy that you did not stop uploading or streaming Pewds.   Your video is what makes me stronger day by day since back then.   I will support you no matter your choice is though !
let's be honest here.  i just watch what ever pewds upload, it's like a normal thing to do  open youtube, gets notif of pewds upload, then badabing badaboom, the next thing I know is I clicked it already.  jokes a side. i just supports what pewds been doing he help me get through boredom ~
Never quit YouTube. Please 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
No matter what you do….us 9yr olds are here!! I’m glad making videos still brings you joy. You paved the way for so many others after you! Glad you’re still here!
We love you bro ❤️
floor gang uru ❤
Man, please don't quit. Love from Egypt.
People who did not finish the video😶
Love the videos, Felix. Keep it up!!!
Glad you didn’t quit
What headphones are those?
Id love to see some updates here and there. I'm completely okay with having few uploads
Naaaaa pewds donot quit  Stay we like yours videos💕
❤️❤️
Clickbait!🧚‍♀️🧚‍♀️🧚‍♀️🧚‍♀️
Please don't quit Pewds 😭 , After seeing the Thumbnail i was on the edge of my seat fr , Pewds whatever decision you are upto i will always support you no matter what 😭
Early Gang
Why i should quit                                                                   cat videos
lookin gigachad pewdie
You can make various programs everyday pewds
We will always remember you for what you did in YouTube. Pewds is the best man ever.
Vids like this is what i like about pewds the most Down to earth
Sheeessh
Pewds, your channel and you as a video creator were with me for most of my life and I’m 23 lmao. Just do your thing. Will support any path you wanna take. We love you. Thank you for being you (let that sink in lol)
love u pewds thank you for keeping it going youre such an inspiration :)
कोन कोन अपने मां पापा से प्यार करते हैं ❤️❤️❤️❤️
yes bro
We love you pewds!  we all care for you and how you stuck through it all. All you’ve done for us for these years before and you are still here now we will always enjoy the things you chose to do. We support the growth in you as a person. You love us back don’t fell bad  your life and Channel is changing and we are all here for it!
Man you did so much for us and we'll always be supporting you, so don't think about it just do what you want, and have fun.
You have grown up with your audience. And we appreciate who you have become. We also thank you for the many years of entertainment you have given us and we will continue to enjoy what you decide to do. It's laid back and enjoyable and can also be hilarious or exciting. Just keep doing what you are doing. 👊
Long live Pewds!
We love PewDiePie, We are glad you didn't quit!
If Felix quitting YouTube it’s probably sad for me cuz most of the OG YouTubers I know are already stop posting more video
Hey pewdsss
Because ur legend, and legend never leave
Don't quit Pewds❣️
I love u pewds
Hahshahaha
Ok
Love you pewds. Supporting you in any decision you might make, but pls don’t quit. ❤️
I love your headset.
Thank you for sticking around. Your videos helped me look up and get out of some hard times. I practically grew up on your content on this platform. We love you and support everything you do, on and off the platform.
Love you pewds you stay you
Peep my a music video I directed at my channel 🩸🩸🩸🩸🩸
Luv u pewds
Its now more of a hobby than a job/career and we support you pewds !
Don't quit pewds. I love your vids
Pewds didn't quit because he needs to fix the timelines Jokes aside, we love you Pewds
Were you quitting? Lol
Ill always love you man
Bro i can’t focus listening to you bcoz of your headset 😆
ORA CAPEK OPO LEK PEW NDUE SUBSCRIBE SENG AKEH,NJALOK SITIK NOPO LEK😁🤭
You should be proud you started youtube Like look where you are now
Did anyone notice the headphone and all
appreciate this. thank you <3
Do what you want to do!
Bro did quit youtube like an anime ended, but he still does filler episodes.
You’ll retire for real someday 😔, just keep doing YouTube for the fun of it. We’ll welcome any new content you have.
❤️
How come every year pewds looks different, like beard pewds and current pewds are like two different people
This guy excudes such a positive energy that he tends to lift everyone's spirit.
OMG BRO WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!!!!
So grateful pewds didn’t quit. Love the recent content I really feel like I’ve grown with you and the vlogs really resonate with me!
No Felix.. Thank you bro.
WoW
Maturing 🎉
nice headphones
Actually we should thank you for providing such awesome contents over the years, the gameplays, the meme reviews, the vlogs, the reddit reviews and many other contents were such a blessing, atleast to me, as I came back home or woke up in the morning. Sometimes it was the best start of the morning or the greatest way to end the day. Anyway, we will always support you man.  PS those headphones look dope af, does anyone know where to get them?
Don't listen to haters. Haters hate. You cool and know guidelines very well and make amazing content.
Bro pewdiepie Thank you for making for us good content
Just treat Youtube as a hobby again. When you feel like uploading something, do it.  If you dont feel like uploading for months, do not upload. Whatever you end up doing, hope you keep enjoying life.
We LOVE you man, just take your time and we still support you. You're one of the best youtuber that inspired me a LOT and try different new things. Stay safe bro love lots from the philippines 🇵🇭
Reason why you are the YT GOD is because you do what you want, and the level of respect we all have for you is immaculate.
Bruh PewDiePie kept saying like how he's retired really upsets me and that thought of him not posting anymore is just plain upsetting. I really loved pewd's contents from the day I discover him, I'm glad he hasn't quit/retired. Whatever you do felix, we support you!!
hellloooooo
I will always be here
HI PEW I HOPE YOU SEE THIS <3 U
You go girl!! You do you!
what headphones are those?
Do what you do best Felix. You must go to that choosen path you chose, not what path is chosen for you.
I think that moving to japan is an actual good arc for your channel because theres alot of things to experience and to share that with the people who you have been with from the beginning is a good thing
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Big respect pewds big inspiration
You have helped me through more than you could ever know thank you Felix
the vid just got out and there is 100 comments 1 min ago and vid is 7 min long, at least hear what he has to say, y'all fakes
Sexy headphones Felix
Please never stop making videos, Pewds. Been watching you since high school.  Vlogs, memes or gameplay I enjoy everything you make. Thankyou for being my inspiration 🥹
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
We love ya Pew, stay well. TY ❤️👊💫
I love the bookcase behind him.
Happy to see you upload another video! I miss you a lot❤️ I watched your videos back when I was still in school and now I'm in college! I'm beyond grateful <3 thank you for everything!
4 minutes ago and already 8k no You know what should've expected it
follow your dreams
Boog
Thank you for explaining yourself 😭 Yes I understand how people is pressuring you to quit but I really hope you do whatever that makes you happy. You wna keep growing, you’ll have my fullest support. If you wna take a break, I’ll support that decision too! KEEP GOING PEWDS❤️
We support you!!!!
This is the guy I took as an inspiration btw.
أخي أو أختي العزيزة♥️🥺 بغيت ربي يحقق أمنيتك وهو يعلم حاجتك🤲 (شفاء، وظيفة، زواج ، مال، منزل،  سيارة ، ذرية) 🤚🏻 فقط إبتسم 😊 وقل لا مستحيل مع الله👆🏻 نورني بمتابعة وتعليق🙏🏻 الله يكتب لك الفرج👍🏻🌸
Wow
Ur a real one G
❤❤❤
:)
pewdiepie for president when?
Because you like money, because you like spending money and can't live without it for long enough until your die, bacause you need it for a comfortable life, because you like being relevant, because you like being someone of importance
I agree
サスケ
I’m surprised you haven’t turned your channel into a podcast AKA Quiet Quitting
Thank you Felix.
I think that there is no need to quit, just do what you want.😁  *BroFist*
Nice👊
You can do something you used to do but something new as well, you used to review book, why dont review novel, or light novel for the fact that you live in japan now.
For me idc if pewds makes different type of videos everyday, as long as he will be himself all the time it makes me realize happiness is need to be balance by yourself and for others.
We will support you what ever u do
THANK GOD U DIDNT QUIT sheesh
✌️
Those are some cool headphones
thing is. pewdiepie doesn't HAVE to work a day in his life anymore. he's so wealthy and has done and accomplished everything he could as a YTer. yet he still continues to squeeze out content for his fans and puts in the work. big respect for Mr. pie
we love you no matter what you choose in the end! I've been watching you for a long time now, basically grew up watching you and seeing you grow n becoming more successful and your dream to live in japan, getting married etc has come true I'm so proud to see you came from a long way to this day, we just wish you happiness and hope you are happy with every decisions you make!
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
You are the symbol of youtube. One day if you quit it will be end of an era
We are Glad you didn’t. Just can’t imagine Youtube without you.
yes, doing meme reviews and covering drama is shallow. but videogames are like experiences, and they are a form of medium. so lets hope we get to see you play more games!
This video gave me an emotional rollercoaster ride
I think I can speak for everyone in saying, we will respect whatever decision you make.
❤️
yoo the setup is sooo sexyy
its fine felix , do what u want, maybe give us some of the channels you've enjoyed at this time, :D wish u the best pewds
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
To everyone who is reading that. Your channel will be succeful one day, yes 🥰
I’ve been watching since 2015, love you man, will support you through thick and thin ❤️
We love ya pewds thanks for being so genuine o7
quit it bro
6GH
You are legend
Be happy
:)
3 minutes ago
Love you Pewds 👊
Damn pewds you had my heart sunk for a minute! You were the first YouTuber I ever watched and remain my favourite to this day. Love you man.   I'll always enjoy having you around, and I'm **SO** Glad You're not quitting.😅
Is he crying
We are Glad you didn’t. Just can’t imagine Youtube without you.
Yo pewds i watch you since amnesia days like the first episodes of amnesia, sometimes i feel like i take your videos for granted. I know one day you will stop doing videos and while that makes me sad i will be forever grateful for your videos and seeing you grow and mature overtime made me want to grow and mature myself
Pewds do some sports related/ hobby related content, go learn some martial arts or do some colabs with cool athletes, or any hobbie, then we still get to see u having fun, no more reactions n stuff
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
Pewds is the person who introduce me to binge watch in Youtube. From the Happy wheels vids up until now I'm still watching him, just because I love his character overall. Kudos to you Pewds for continuing inspiring people (19yr olds) to mature and realize life is all about change <3
Honestly glad you didn't quit. Even if I don't watch you that often anymore I'm still glad to be a fan of you!
PEWDS!
I just hope that you will continue to post those amazing vlogs from time to time
Dude is flexing now, rocking planar magnetic headphones from Audeze, they are expensive. Awesome to see that Felix has good taste in Hi-Fi Audio stuff.
love how his eras change along with theme colors: first was bright blue, then edgy red, now it's all japanesey mature brown
Enjoy the money and retirement don’t sell out and start acting or something
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
Do live stream something watching one piece
make another minecraft series and you will stand for 1year forward again!
That's all good pewds but those headphones 🤧✨
Thank you for staying pewds
Just quit 4Head
Don't quit man
You look like David Beckham.
When pewds does quit it'll probably be like losing an important friend as much as i want pewds to live a chill life it'll still make me sad to see him quit
pewds has been with me since I was 7 (2011) he's been through so mjch and it was lilke I was there, grew up with him, the world changed, but I was always able to be happy whenever i watch pewdipie, love ya pewds
Just do whatever you want pewds, you've already given us soo much
If you could do a video describing how you stuck through the hard times grinding content, that would be greatly appreciated.  I have been in a rough space the past few years and could really use some words of wisdom! Thank you PewDiePie for everything you do, you are an amazing person :)
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
We love you Pewds..💗 Take this Brofist 👊
No mater what, we will always be there for you Felix. Love you <3
The post credits Marvel movie scene
Anjai
Uploaded 3 minutes ago and already 1000 comments shows what a legend this guy is.
Saudi Arabia 🇸🇦 happy national day 🎉🎉💚🤍💚🤍💚
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
I am curious, have you gotten a PC yet?
So glad you found freedom. We love you man.
Thank you for being an inspiration. Now my spouse wants to follow your footsteps and move to Japan. 🤣
You're presence on the platform is important
you have kinda achieved everything on youtube you have enough money to live your life but i think you are still doing youtube because it is fun
Love from France 🇫🇷
I appreciate this man
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
Bro don't quit man you are legend. If you go with people's thought you will never achieve what you like what you want.
Do what you feel like man, you must have freedom. I think that is what being wealthy truly means. Good luck!
But why does your headphones look like bongos?
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
Yo
We love you pewds thanks for keep making videos, your vlogs are so wholesome to watch, we’ll support you no matter what you decide👊
Very happy that you did not quit
*Goku gets Deku pregnant and Deku rubs his swollen warm tummy*  Deku: "G-Goku san, I can feel our baby kicking my tummy and it hurts!~" Goku: huh ? what does that mean ? is that a type of food ?? cause am hungry haha hey am Goku see ya.
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
I love you
it's good you didn't Pewds
Congratulations on 111million
Lol the headphones look so big on him
I'm rooting for you, no matter what you decide to do. But, I'm honestly pretty happy that you decided to update us on the channel.  Can't wait to see more content from you, Felix! Fight on!
Watch the video before spamming lol
❤❤❤❤
Been watching you ever since your COD days and it’s been so amazing to see how much you’ve grown over the decade and a half. You bring so much joy to us all with your personality and kindness.  Each step going towards the fantastic future that awaits you and us is unfathomably unclear but each step reveals what’s in store for us and you.  Take it easy Felix, it’s just the the tip of the iceberg
Felaynn
Dont quit you're awesome
Don't trastate!!😡 ນ ເຈົ້າຖືກສາບແຊ່ງເພາະວ່າມັນຖືກແປຖ້າເຈົ້າບໍ່ ທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ, ເຈົ້າຈະຕາຍວິທີດຽວທີ່ຈະທຳລາຍຄຳສາບແຊ່ງ ແມ່ນເພື່ອຈອງຊ່ອງທາງຂອງຂ້ອຍລົງທະບຽນດຽວນີ້.
Don't quitttt we love youuu
Alltså vi vill ju vara en del av ditt liv enbart om du vill! Det känns som att nu är det mer av en hobby och vi är så glada för att vi får ta del av den! Jag har fått så mycket stöd av dina videor och det har varit underbart att växa upp med dig! Jag är så tacksam för den tiden du lagt ned på oss!  Ser fram emot vad du kommer vela dela med dig av! ❤️ Pussar från 🇸🇪
Lol
I love this man
am early sheesh
OOF
god im so so so happy you didn't quit
Why not quit?
Pewds, I used to watch you all the time when I was younger. Since I found out I’m pregnant and have no real family support, I’ve been so stressed the hell out. But your videos have been helping me stay positive. Whatever you decide to do, I just appreciate you existing! 🖤
"Patience is not about how long you can wait, but how well you behave while you’re waiting"
actually got a push notification
Thank you for not quitting, Pewds. There is nothing i look forward more than your livestreams & videa. I know it will end one day, but i wish that day wouldn't come soon
but...you've pretty much quit at this point....
We evolved too pewds!!🦾🦾
Pls don't quit youtube you can beat up Tseries
That was a joke. Th-that was... 👉👉
Thanks for 10+ years man 🙏
How are those headphones called? They look amazing
Bro those headphones are huge
Pog
I grew up with you Felix, I am now 26 and you played a huge role in my evolution as an adult. Please don't quit (unless you want to of course)
Glad you didnt quit
Gods save the king of YouTube
Good that you didn’t quit, you’re like the Elizabeth II of YouTube, always there, and a connection to times long since past (except you’re not gonna die anytime soon I hope). Also we miss you in Sweden and your Swedish is getting sloppy, just had to let you know.
Thanks for staying pewds watching your channel over the years makes me realize how quick time flies
U just post 3min ago omfg
we are all so grateful for you pewds, thank you for being there for us, we support you no matter what you decide to do🖤🖤🖤
Thank god you aren't quitting.
Please don’t quit. Just upload whenever you feel like it. 😥
Dude do whatever makes u happy u deserve the best just keep updating us when ever u feel like it !!😄😄
Hmm  nice
9.14.22
Coz I told you so
keep doin u and the real ones will support u no matter what love u bro 👊 ps totally agree w the “distractions”. Maturing be like that. These recent vlogs have been some of my favorite videos! You can tell you are genuinely happy 😊
Thank you for starting YouTube and we're happy you didn't quit Felix
Don’t quit
Cool
You made me smile when you said you won't quit
If you want to quit bro, you can do so, you have created hundreds of content for us to watch. Stay happy for yourself :)
been here since when you hit a million subscribers. thank you for bringing joy and happiness to all of us!
It's funny I just uploaded my first video last month after all this 10 year of following you
Felix you have no idea how much you've helped us through, it feels like I've grown up with you, thanks for being such a big part of all our lives
Go on, Pewds. We will always support you whatever you wanted to do, my dude. You deserve it 😭
Please never quit man, your vlogs are just so real and original, i literally feel like I am the one travelling the streets of Tokyo! Keep going pewds! Make whatever you want, any content of pewds is good content!
man can hear organism with that headphone damnnn
the bro i needed, even better the bro the world needed. you didnt let go you asshole. we thank you pewds
PewDie Pie Hii 💖💖
I am absolutely loving the Japan vlogs, I feel like I am getting to know Japan personally 😊
:(
I wonder When he realizes he can separate the air stream in his Tesla
So he is quiting?
Glad you didn't quit, I wouldn't be the person i am today since your channel is part of my life and i grow up with it.
If you have fun here, then stay. When you don't have fun anymore, quit. You are in a position to be able to do that!
I'm an aspiring gaming YouTuber and these words really helped felix thank you
It's a pastime activity now
Done quite please don't i beg
don't quit pewds.
I think you can do more on your platform. Maybe do some good for others.Or just do you man.
Love you lot 🤍
You can always just rest pewds, all of the OG fans will understand and wait for you to come back <3 Just enjoy your life in Japan!!
අම්බෝහ් ඒක...😂😂
Dont quit pewds. since i was a 8 yr old im supporting u bro u shouldnt quit. We are afraid that another legend in this world are gon pop out dont do it mane.
Why would you quit? Lets start with that.
I'm so glad you won't quit just yet. Love your content and glad i learned english with u
I grew up watching your videos and supporting you, just wanna say thanks for all your hard work and your genuine self <3
I'm so glad you're not quitting! also those headphones are so cool they were distracting me the whole time
headphones too big
Be a Jenna marbles. Do whatever you want
Chad
Lezzzz gooooo
My dude gave me a mini heart attack
Just remember you are a person too, you can do whatever you want  we will forever love you and the  content you make!
Hi pewds
Just take a moment and imagine what YouTube would feel like without pewds…
guys did you know
never quit pls you are the best 😭
I was the 21st viewer
⭐Its all good bro, we all appreciate you making videos for us for the past years⭐
Its good to take a step back and get an overview again. Keep it up :D
You leaving Youtube would have been very depressing for us, Pewd. Thank you so much for making our days.
thank you for shaping my sense of humour and kinda raising me in middle school lol, i rly appreciate it🫶🏻
Thank god you did Not quit
glad you didn’t quit, we love you here it wouldn’t be the same with out you!
happy you didn't quit I love your videos :)❤
You can upload what ever you want. Even if you don't upload that much you will still be my fav :D
Feels like an end of an era
Thank you for wearing black. It's appreciated.
Even if you decide to quit, i'll be happy to watch your older videos with a smile on my face because I know you are happy enjoying your life. 🧡👑
Lelelelelelellelelelelele
Yall didn't even watch the video yet and y'all commenting.
Don’t quit :)
Never quit
Honestly the most genuine person on this whole platform, and you’ve changed so much over the years. We will all support you reguardless of what you chose to do!
Love you Felix
Early
Dude you made what YouTube is today . Don’t quit . I still wait days . If needed weeks just to see your videos cause you still best boi. KEEP GOING FOR ANOTHER MILLENNIUM   Get the gaming back btw 🥴
PewDiePie
992
Thanks
My dude what are those headphones 😂
OG pewd's fans are the real one here ✨
66727639744422
I love you soooo mucchhhh
This was a great post credit scene, thank you Pewds
Thank you pewds for a wonderful time
Hey you dropped this 👉 👑
The godfather of YouTube🖤
So glad you didn’t ♥️ I started watching you around 17/18 and I’ll be 27 this year. I love watching your videos and growing up with you and see how your life has changed like mine has! Thank you for everything you do! Charity, helping others etc
❤❤❤
I’m happy you didn’t quit, you’re a great inspiration to millions ❤️🌸
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Pewds please play Minecraft againn pleaseeeee
Pls never quit !
Cmon we need more subs for this guy
hey pewds
you deserve all the blessings, may the japanese gods protect you pewds.
Seriously respect for Felix honestly, He's just doing it for us now.. If one day he stop uploading even without a goodbye video. I wouldn't mind.. All good things comes to a great end.   o7 Much love PewDiePie.
I’ve never made it to one of Felix’s videos before like 1k views. Got here at 20. That’s pretty insane, as a viewer.   On a more related note, I’m very glad you stuck around, Felix. There are many people whose lives’ you’ve affected for the better. ❤️  Also those headphones are looking dope as fuck!
hii!
Pls don't quit youtube you can beat up Tseries
Don’t quit… outlast had new chapters
👋 👋 👋 👋 👋 👋 👋 👋 👋 👋  Stay 😊
❤❤❤
nice
seems like an absolutely wonderful man
I respect you for not quiting YouTube! You came so far so ofc it’d be a waste to quit. But also, just do whatever you like! Don’t be too pressured on doing things you hate and end up regretting it 💙💙
This video is privated
W pewdiepie
You're strong Swedish man that's why. Dominating Your comptetitors!
Always love you man!! You are always on the top in my heart, I'm glad that you are not quiting 🙏
u've helped me through tough times, felix. far from being entertaining, your wisdom has been my jumping off point in discovering myself.   thank you, felix.
Glad you're still here
It was such a journey and just supporting you just feels like we're part of it!
Off topic but sick headphones
Haven't seen you in a while. You look stylish as hell. That's all. See you in another two years!
Its ok pewds we'll still be supporting you ! Love the look BTW!
Why quit? just "quit" the way you want. Even if you made 1 video per year, we'll still be here
PEWDIEPIEEEE
From the apartment days until now. Hope you never quit. It's been a journey to follow you!
very very nice sharing
I understand why you’d want to quit; you accomplished so much and laid the groundwork for so many.  We would miss you so much, though.
money
Pewdiepie is getting old i am sad
im such an og fan i was too young to make an account on og youtube to add to favorites when u told us to, so i tried to ask my mom to make an account for me to do that but she said no cuz u where "weird". thats how long i been watching u
you are amazing keep it up with your amazing talent and resilience
- quits -
no way ur sitting there scrolling through so many comments and remembering shit we say
don't quit
Stay happy Pewds, anything you want to do, we are here to support you
Just do what you love to do man <3
retiree
Hi
Watching from Afghanistan 🇦🇫❤🙏
Do reaction video with ken
we love you.
Pewdiepie!
Good
Felix you are one of the most humble people I have ever seen on the Internet/irl, you have put so many years into YouTube given us soo many hours of entertainment. I truly want you to live the best possible life and I hope you get everything you deserve. King 🤴
yo i want to switcg from India to Japan can you make a [ractical video?
Sir I want to meet with you...❤️❤️🙏🙏 love you sir
😭........LOW END DEVICE +LOW FROM RATES + RECORDING LAG + LESS VIEWS BUT I HAVE FAITH IN MY SKILLS WILL ALSO RISE LIKE YOU ..🥺🥺....😭😭🥺🥺
waiting pewd random vlog and random minecraft maybe dont need focus on youtube
If you wane stop iilts oo
Felix you made me emotional 😭😭❤ Definetely one of my best decisions to discover you 7 years ago 💞
Posted 1 minute ago and already 700 comments and 2.5k likes… Geez…
Omg what are those headphones
I love all your videos
Pretty chill
e
drum typa headphone 😭
Pewdiepie will always be a legend.
Don’t quit I’ll feel soooo sad
PLS DONT QUIT
It's been 5 years since I started watching You Brofist Forever!!!
I've growed up watching you pewds, you inspire me man. I love your videos and plus you uploading videos 2-3 days or maybe weeks its totally fine since your already retired.
Das sum big headphones
fdyerhwr
Wow
Helloooo! I have watched ur old vids from time to time so i rlly like ur vids! I was very happy to know that u didn't quit!
Bruh, atleast keep in touch like this which reminds us good old days, thts good too
If pewds pin my comment. Ill start my YouTube channel.
I need LWIAY and YLYL in my life again
Cool
Clickbait every title wow. We know you're not gonna quit anytime soon
Honestly I'm glad you're not quitting. I would miss you a lot
Been watching you since Elementary School
I'm glad you never quit and I really don't care if you upload more little, we can see you are much happier now
If you quit don't delete your channel but actually don't quit
We love you Felix, no matter if you decide to stay or quit. We all still gonna be with you no matter what your decision might be.
Supposed to be in school rn but this is worth it
Never quit 🫶🏻
👑👑👑
MAKE PUBG CONTENT AGAIN !!!!!!!!
To join network marketing biggest system and earn money message me
Hi pewdiepie i subbed
We doesn't really mind, you've did SO MUCH, do whatever you want, whenever you want
Please don’t quit
Bro-fist
"Why I didn't quite" *Why not*
It's really was an adventurous years as I watched PewDiePie, when I was 6 now me being 17 I still fully enjoy his content
I have seen already the first 2 mins and i am already sobbing..the day inwas afraid of is coming..
I like all👍
for everybody who helped pewds through this, you deserve my respect
Doesn't matter if you're not on the usual YouTube grind, well keep being with you. It was fun watching PewDiePie, but it's equally as fun to watch Felix Kjellberg.
*Give me notification PewDiePie*
75 comment
There couldn't have been anyone else who could handle it beside you
Hi
Woah i dont remember this but good thing he didnt
No other words, but king and u even made Mr beast famous, u did lotta good deeds
There's an alternate universe where pewds quit in that same universe I'm dead
Imagine getting a heart from pewdiepie
We don't want you to quit Felix, everyone loves you for what you do
Make the content that makes you happy and we will be happy🫶🏼🫶🏼🫶🏼
Hi
It's been a great time watching your vids for years. Thanks for continuing for us
Good youtuber I have a good old days with your videos
terraria ty
Why im still watching u, cuz u make my mood chill, really loving all of your videos
Yo 2 mins late omg less go he ain't quttin
No don’t quit. It would be a blessing and even if you do we know you just wanted to rest and because your already happy.
Let this legend live on and never die
i remember watching your vids in 2018
We appreciate you too<3 i’m so glad you’re creating your dream life
People commenting 1 min when this was posted as if they watched the full video
You are a constant in our lives. Please consider before you leave one day.
Just thanks 🙏🏻
Never quit youtube king PewDiePie you inspired many people stay safe and dont give up
i am happy for you pewds
Brofist👴🏻
Dont ever quit or I guess do it as long as u want :)
I think it's safe to say that all of us are beyond grateful for you. For years we've watched your channel grow and it's been such an incredible experience
Thank you for not quitting
That's great
MOM! WAKE UPP PEWDIEPIE IS NOT QUITTING YT LETS GOOO!!
I like how most of the comments are just thank god you didn’t quit and I bet they didn’t have watch in 30 sec before commenting
Tq Felix...for creating content to entertain us
remember when he played cooking simulator those videos were amazing
Valoranttttt
YOU GOT THIS KING!!!!
Glad too still have you pewds. I started watching you back in 2011 and have watched you ever since. Thanks for being apart of my life  Brofist 👊
pewdiepie i like cheese
I req did you know tamilnadu Tamilnadu people like✌️👇
what ever happens ill always support you pews
is it just me or is pewds transforming into gigachad
I'm happy that you are not quitting 🙂
saw this and thought of brofist
Soy subscriptor Latino y no entiendo lo que dice 🥺🥺🥺
Glad you didn't quit Pewds, your content even as it evolves is always so awesome to watch, helped us get through some of the worst times :)
Watching PewDiePie >>>> anything else
Give your channel to your kids soon?
can we just take a moment to appreciate felix's headphones?
Thank god, glad you didn't, RESPECTTT
Thank You Pewd❤️
How do u have 2.4k likes and 30 views
Go do what you want to do felix, we support you no matter what. Brofist!
We here!
Thanks lord you didn't quit ,pewds ✨
A lot of people enjoy your content and like you as a person. I'm happy to be here after so long.
W
keep it up man.
Eu sou brasileiro
goofy ass headphones felix, bring back the cat ears
He says" something  s never change "at the end guys
PEWDIEPIE!!!
I managed to make it in just 1 minute, and there's already more than 300 comments and 2.6 likes.
what ever happens ill always support you pews
stay here
Stay strong bros 👊
I love your headset felix ❤.
u made my childhood man
Lord pewds you had been part of a generation, one in I grew up and have to say thank you for everything
Don't fucking quit don't never fucking give up 👊 bro fist
You deserve it ! Can't quit and never think about it..!!! 💚😎👌
Love you
Well I’m very happy that you didn’t quit because you are the best YouTuber ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hiuii
I remember literally being grounded from watching pewds videos because of all the swearing, didn’t stop me MUAHAH
Love you pewds! Glad you didn't quit <3 any type of content makes me happy.
Blub
I don't want u to quit u made everyone happy with ur funny videos
NO! we love you
یا اللّه مجھے سپورٹ کرنے والوں کی زندگی میں ڈھیروں خوشیاں نصیب فرمائے انہیں ہمیشہ خوش رکھنا اور مدینہ کی ذیارت نصیب فرمانا اور ان کے ماں باپ کی لمبی زندگی عطا فرما آمین❤❤
Good choice
people be commenting before even watching the start of the video
Nice head set
i don’t care.
We love u😘😘
I have been watching pewdiepie for 9 years straight and im just glad he didnt quit 😊
Me either way respecting his decision Also me Hyped AF that he is kinda back
Don't quite pewds. You have been a big part of my growing up.
1 min ago… Pls don’t quittttt
Well I’m glad you didn’t quit you made every year amazing 😊
Congratulations to everyone who comes in every single seconds❤️👏❤️.
im very early
Thank you for not quitting we all love you
First hour gang whaddup
Never ever quit felix be a youtube until you get old
hi(ू•.• ू)
💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
So, SO glad you didn't quit
1 Minute Gang
You okay?
Im here
quick comment
Lov u pewd😘
Me too
Thank you felix, for everything
Lv u ❤️❤️❤️
Youtube without you wouldn't be the same, atleast for me❤️
We need Fridays with PewDiePie
I just took the fattest dump a human being could ever take
Powdiopio
meow
Those headphone look hella awkward with much love hahaha
Hi pow pie huw  aer yuo
Because 💰
It’s been a pleasure watching you and Marzia grow and become the people you are now. Really happy for you guys
Love you pewdiepie you staying on YouTube has been a blessing for us all
we love you pewds
uT uP  Now you found the secret other piece of the comment here is your reward 💥💀🥧
👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
👍😃👍
Hi pewds. Love you man!
Don't quit pls
Please don’t ever quit felix,you’ve been on my YouTube since 2013,and I would hope to see you in the future too
Glad it didn’t happen! ❤️
your videos are amazing man! do whatever you want to do, it's your channel. just don't give up.
Misread and thought it said why I’m quitting and freaked😭 not ready for that day
Lmao
Dont quittttt
A minute ago
Been watching you since 2015. Love you Felix
Stuck around from the start my guy, still real as ever with you. That's why we care.
i love you the best videos is with the last of us 1 i miss ild you pewdiepie
When the time is right
Dude looks like he is having a drums on his ears
first
This is why I look up to you
😎😎😎
auto-click on the notif when my all-time fave youtuber uploads
ganda rei
Hi
かさ
Glad you didn’t quit man. Looking back on your time positively to how it’s affected your livelihood now is a good way to keep perspective.
100
I'm the 69th first in this comment section
Love u bros
I was here🤓👽
Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Run around... Dessert YOUUU
I love you pewdiepie
1 min 1k views
Hello
Cool
He still makes videos
love u pewds brofist
YAYYYYY DONT YOU DARE QUIT FELIX DONT U FUCKING DARE you literally my child hood 😭
love you pew
Love u pewds, from all bros
Honestly I was so sad when he said he was going to stop
any content you make, i absolutely support. we just love seeing you more yourself and happier than ever. 🥰
What a journey we all went through
Still the greatest YouTuber of all time no doubt and no competition, maybe Mr beast will take over soon
Bruh my phone says there are 120 comments but this makes 4????
I wondered why you have gone quiet for a while. Take the rest that you deserve. Hope you feeling okay, Pewds
Brofist👴🏻
You're good pjuds🤝🏻😘
Yay 😃
I’m glad you didn’t quit❤️
Love you very much sir..🙏🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏❤️❤️
Just do what makes you happy
Pewdiepie One of my childhood youtuber
No
wow 1 min already 3k views and also I love you Felix!
Pewds, hats off to what you do.
We are happy for you man! can’t wait for the future of ur channel.
Keep it up
I love you
Thanks man appreciate it
I couldn,t imagine youtube without pewdiepie glad he didn,t quit
I Respect Your Channel
One of the best thing about this dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieve something he always respect us the audience and his team and he is always police in all of his Videos ❤️😚❣️🤗🤣😁
God Im early for this. A milestone XD
First before 1 mil comments
You’ll always be my fav
Bots are about to slaughter this comment section
If pewds ever completely 100% quit, I would be happy for him even though one of the good things in my life would be gone but he would be happy, I’m happy seeing him not uploading daily spending time with his fam and now uploads because he enjoys it now, we love you felix, always, and will support you through thick and thin ❤️
dont quit ever!!
Glad you didn't quit man, I love watching you just doing anything, and this new chapter in your channel has been awesome and soothing as a long time fan
It’s ok Felix depite you knowing I didn’t watch the vid yet it’s ok If you will quit or won’t it’s your decision not the viewers.
Good morning 🙌🎣
We here for you pewds 👊
1 minute and 500 comments, bros community is insane
just glad you didn't quit
DON'T QUIT THEN!
PewDiePie, Im glad you didn't Quit because I watch all of Ur new videos when They Come out, love from Finland ♥️
Pewds is going to live very long cause I was just thinking about him and he posts a video
first
We love you Felix! <3
Life has been moving fast for me, and it’s been nice having you grow with me. Glad to see you succeed and I look forward to seeing more of you in whatever ways you express yourself.
The biggest reason is so that you can sell more gfuel and gamer chairs
Yooooo
We love PewDiePie
Pewdiepie is a goat 🐐
Great
Thanks, Pewds!!!
Do what you wanna do
❤❤❤❤❤
Pewds.
Eyyy im early
Ahhh
Pewds we love you, we respect any choices you make and if you need help we are also here. We are family ❤️
Pewpiedie mrbeast IS 104 millon
haha im the 86th comment and ur not
Yay a new video
LOVE YOU PEWDSSSS
Goku slams the concept of quiting
Don't ever leave, Pewds 🥺
Hi
<3
The videos that you have been posting are great. Anyone that says otherwise, not true fans.
444
Hi ❤️
So glad you didn’t quit because we wouldn’t of gotten all the amazing content we’ve received these past 2 years
No matter what, we love you buddy!
kkkkkkkkkk
imagine a new diss track ft mrbeast! -.-
We love you pewds ❤️
Hey Pewds! Please start making games on video again plss😭
100th comment
Pinned
Bc pewdiepie is immortal i think
Someday you need retirement.
Unh yea
Good choice we will support
The clip is like 7 minutes long but comments come earlier than 7 minutes. People just want to comment and not checking what's saying on video. No don't quit.
😍😍😍😍😍😍
The title scared me for a second 😟😟
Amazing 🫶🏻
Continue minecraft plez
Felix ur dope asf man 😎
Audiophile Pewds? Nice Audezes!
Suiuu
I am never going to be okay when he quits- but ik he'll quit at the right time :)
Hi
I pray whoever reads this right now, may you get everything you wish.
Thanks, call Or Text Anytime
i was not first
My phone says this video has 20 views and 192 comments?
Damn y’all quick
Let's w a moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into his contact to entertain,..♥️☺️
👊👊👊
We still luv u pewds<3
Gald you didn't!
E
Pewdie Pie is a legend
this just uploaded and I'm seeing over 400 comments
Still the king of YouTube for me
i love u
Bruh
I love you
Mr. Beast maybe the king of youtube right now. But we all know whos the High King.
PewDiePie you are you are you saying can you please give me money
Nah bro needs 9 year old army and he cant leave his fans blank he needs mone anyways
:D
I wish you could stay happy in what you are doing. God Bless You Pewds.😁
Fact that im the first one to skip to the end
This channel is my safe place
I haven't watched pewdiepie for so long.
Love u pewdss ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ayo
We just want to see you be happy , and i think u still love making videos
thank u felixx😩
Pewds is my dad
Hopefully the retarded bots doesn't go and comment under every comment lmao
when you die man
I love you sir
🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
bro i read it wrong 💀💀 was so scared for a sec
Dude u are looking jacked keep up the grind my man
THIS VIDEO GOOD  L LOVE YOU
Huh
Crazy how many people are watching this at the same time
Thx for not quitting
Why everyone spamming first NPCs
You're still the king of Youtube anyways.
First
This is so sweet
It feels illegal to be this Early
Hi
Its been one minute theres already 400 comments
GREAT
I think him not quitting is just great for youtube as a whole
I hypothesize this video will make me cry
1min ago fam
but we dont want you to quit😭
Pewdipie your content is wholsome and great i hope you the best and pls dont quit and you shall always be the king
E
We will always love you
Please don't quit ur videos are so goood old years👍👍😟please don't quit
Oowwee
Love you Felix, even though I haven’t finish this yet. Proud of you. God bless and forever a bro. 💪😁
You are YouTube. The day you quit, YouTube's soul will change!
John Lennon
I love you pewds and all the blogs 🤩
Im so happy you haven't quit your my whole childhood ong
Pewdiepies best youtuber
dont
Id say im glad you didn't quit, but that's selfish. Most of your fans are just happy to see you happy, on YouTube or not 🙂
W felix
Rest here soldier, your army will always welcome you.
we are waiting for you...
POWER baby shout-out Jeremy Fragrance
هههه
W
Yo early gang????
Good job pewds
Well I am happy for you  We all love you Pewds, we'll support you no matter what you decide ❤
I was so sad when you said your going to quit
246th
already 400 comments lol
오
🇫🇮🇸🇪💙☀️🥂
Bruh
Im bouta bussssss
Where did that Goku x Deku fanfic go? 😢
Through all that he is still here and will remain for centuries
Guys, stop making fun. Please be sensitive. Because I just wanna live in this moment forever, cuz I'm afraid that living couldn't get any better. Started giving up on the word "forever" until you gave up heaven so we could be together You're my angel Angel baby angel You're my angel baby Baby you're my angel. Angel baby.
Omg we actually thought you Quit after 9 days man.
The burger
rip
Consistency is the key ✌🏽❤️
❤️
One of the greatest men to grace us right here
e
Damn
Good thing you didnt!
BONGO HEADPHONES
We Love Pewds Retired or Not Retired ♥️♥️♥️
Look whose back back again
common pewds W
Respect
Quit word made the video crash
Keep goin' man
bridge
Greetings from Taiwan :D I'm from Guatemala but I live here hahaha
Wherever i read quit I immediately click your video
change to YouTubers
E
The good ending
Please never quit bro
Hej Hej PewdiePie  Sverige lol
All love, pewds, your 9 year olds are still here
First
من انت
Yayy
The number of people that wrote first is quite ridiculous🤣
57s ago:0
your amazing!!!
🗿
you are the king
Ok maybe not
За секунду уже 1000 коментов
first comment here was a big wtf
Pew
Ok
Ayo
First
❤️
Hi
Druh cd sr
nice video
Helloo
King is back!!
Shrek
lesgo
Exactly wt are you quitiin
Early
damn thats crazy
Salam dari indonesia
Hi
Cool
ITS BEEN 1 MIN AND THERES ALREADY HUNDREADS OF COMMENTS
HII
So glad your still here Felix
Sixth
We're here for you
Q
Oya
I agree
Please don’t quit PewDiePie you’re my favorite YouTubers
B)
Glad you didn't
No, glad you stayed
yey i first
Ehh?
What mic are you using? 😊
Waat
hellooooo
Yay
Idk
I'm grateful you're here, i've been trying to live up a stoic lifestyle & I wouldn't have done it without your .. simple encouragement.
🥲
Pls don't stop, you're the reason I stop watching tv...
Don't stop your a legend
lol
Blue eye PewDiePie
Thanks for not quitting
Man, do I envy him these headphones <3
Awesome
👋
Bro I haven’t seen u since 1987
Sheees
Lol
Hello I'm indian and bihari
Lez goo
Ayo , already 100 comments
Hii
To everyone, pls keep pushing in life and never give Up. Can't wait to see you successful one day and May God Bless You! 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Keep it up Pewds
Fr 💀(for real) , (skull emoticon which represents death but in this context represents an individual (me) laughing at the presented video)
Thank for not quitting
Love from kerala by Asim ❤
Ni hao
Hi pewds
AM FIRST
Stunning 🫶🏻
man he had a long way going pls dont quit now pls
Fisties
First❤
Papa Pewds is gonna be around forever
damn
Because you're popular
Flagada
Oo
Good bye legend
We love you pewds! Do whatever you feel like doing! Whatever makes you happy!! 😃
the first comment got immediately deleted💀
Potatos
Lol
Telachupo toa
May allah guide us all
cayse you’re my bbg
Zj
i love you, i’m so proud of how far you’ve come over the years! 🫶🏻
That headset tho
first
First 53 seconds
First
JUST QUIT ALREADY FOR FUCK SAKE jk
XD
45 seg mané 600 curtidas isso n e possível
Yay pewds
I am from india
❤
Thank god he didn’t quit! Keep going Pewds!!
In 1min thousands of comments saying first
First video I watched of his for so long
youtube wouldn’t be the same without our pewds :((
JESUS IS COMING! NOW IS THE TIME TO REPENT!
first
Early
Always have and always will love ya bro :)
First
Big fan
Amazing
No comments?
<3
Im happy you didn’t quit, you’re a great inspiration to millions🫶🏽
Omg
Sheesh
yooo we love pewdiepie
Why is it 20 views and got 140 comments
First
Keep up the good work 👍
Oooga
Hii
Hey
No
Notif gang
I will be in a book of history
First
Poods 😈
Great video
Bro wtf was that
No, you are not first
Why
Ok
Auo
Hello
When you want to comment early but can't think of anything:
HELLO
Wow
Bro is getting some sheesh headphones
Hello
Good to have you here
You chanel is dead man
Yo
Ily felix pie
W pewdiepie
Ive never been this early
Hi there
really glad you didnt!!1! Now please let me post on reddit
U noob
FIRST
Yeaaa
Wow
No why quit upload videos day by day ..🫶🤗
Lesbian
Don't quit
its alright pewds, we’re here
<33
You fell off
55s
Baba boowee
👏
It's oke PewDiePie, I will always luv u
Quit Youtube
No please don't
ily!!!!
.
Peeewdiepie
Amazing video
Cool
Yo
Them headphones are a vibe
2
Because you're a gigachad
good day to open youtube
Amogus
The king of youtube pewdiepie
I’m so early
early af damn
Amish headphone
Dam
Glad you didn't quit, and it's great you found a way to still make videos while also enjoying life. Stay happy Felix, and thanks for all fhe memories
The legend❤️💪
PewDiePie your a legend :)
Nice video also first
I don't know about you, but for me it's gonna be because we're not ready for you to quit pewds! Brofist! ❤️
.
Perfect time felix, just got my food delivered. ❤️
Ok
HEHEHEHE
Yes
No i was first
Everybody thinking they first lol
Yo happy you still here
Hellö
Hi
Hi lo
Pewds your so awesome man been watching for years on all the channels I had! I’m aiming for 1k subs this year! Way off your total but I’m loving the journey man! I feel that doing something I don’t wanna do YouTube is such a passion I love travel and showing it
Keep up the good work 👍
...
Dw we gotchu like this clmment
First
That headphone is strangely huge wow
Wow I’m early, let’s see what this is about
Very early for me hehehaha
Bruh
Me I really like corn. I can tel u Al about it
i love you
Nooo
Cool
Inspiration for a generation
Yesir
Hi love your videos
why?
Nice content
ok buddy
Ok
Pewdsssss Pleasee Never QUIT Am gonna Cry 😭😭😭😭
Just be you king
I'm glad you chose to stay!
Hyy
No
Please don’t quit YouTube, you’re my favorite
Hi
Should be illegal to be this early
Nooooo
Bro buggin
WOOOO IM HAPPY YOU DIDNT <3
No just no
hello
💥
Hi
اول
Just do the things that make you happy 👊
First here give me my medal
poopiepie i lub u
:000
Big sad
Hi
❤️
Love you man
First comments should 🤫🤫🤫
How am I this early. 20 views, 682 likes and 138 comments... WAIT-
1st
Ok.
Last
Nice
We love you Pewds, we'll support you no matter what you decide to do!!
Pewds
*Heart attack*
Don't quit don't quit
😄
Shheeet
First
Yo
Glad you didn’t
Why are you quit your job You delete
Yo
Movie name: Top Gun Maverick
Don't quit
First 🤓
Hello
👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
🥲
This is so insightful
Hi lo
Bc ur pewdiepie
First
NIGGAAAAAA
Hi
Our legend won't do this
You’re the goat 🐐
Supporting no matter what
1st
I’m glad you never quit! You’re the most original and nicest YouTuber. I couldn’t take it if you were to quit 🥲
Brooo chill
meng
Aser
E
Love ya pewds!
1st
Pag sure lgi pewdiepie, sige baya kog tanaw sa imong bidyos sukad atong bata pa ko. grabe lods ayaw quit.
Hai
🙂💔
You fell off
❤️🫥
❤❤
Just saying we love you pewds no matter what type of content you make <3
Omhyyy
Even if you quit We'll never forget your work and legacy
Shhhh
My childhood hero hahhaha...
اتمنى اترد اعليه 🥺
Wow
Second
why i didnt ask
we're always here to support you
do whatever you want poods, you’re the king 👑
Hi
loll
Hmmmk
If you quit I’ll just die
First here
13 SECONDS AGO!!!
👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Dam
😳😳
Yo
Pewdiepie is the best…. Hit that like button for pewdiepie
I think he'd be empty without YT.
hi
first
Second
❤
yo
Love you PewDiePie:)
You Need Quit?
First
bro
EYY
Whoever is reading this…Keep going ,you’re doing fine! No matter how slow your progress, each new week is filled with tiny steps forward. Be proud of yourself. 💯
Don't you dare quit (jk ily)
Don't quit
You must quit !!
Hello
2nd comment could you pin my comment please
Hi
6th
What?
Thank you Felix, for not quitting.
Love you pewds
Early comments are so nice to read
Hmm
2nd
My man
Hi
Finally uploaded after 9 days
ily
NOOO NOOOO DONT QUIT
Glad you didn't by the way talk to me
I love you man
Not first :(
Glad you didn’t man 💜
Don't you dare quit.
Not first
Ow good ol pewdiepie
GOAT
Hi
U didn't quit because we needed more of these videos...
Heart pweds ! Haha
Hi
99th person lol
Hello
Hellob
Why did I clicked in 2 secs
The GOAT
Glad to see you still going tho
YOO
Hello
SLAVA RUSSIE
First one to comment
👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻
1 st view
First
Hi jacksepticeye
Bing bong reeeeeeeeeeee
Thank the lord you didn’t quit we love ya pewds
Aaaaaahwoooha
Broooooooooooooooo that's crazyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Hey bros
First
I'm so happy you never quit pewds
First
Yo
I’m here for the first minute
Ok
Hello from Norway! Love you🙏❤️
damn
Ooof
money
:)
🥹🥹
Oo
Heads up king 👑
Don’t quit
Hello legend
E
😭......LOW END DEVICE +LOW FRAME RATES + RECORDING LAG + LESS VIEWS BUT I HAVE FAITH IN MY SKILLS WILL ALSO RISE LIKE YOU.......💔❣💔❣
30 sec and I’m here 👊🏻👊🏻
We love you pewds 🥺🥳
Pewdepie
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Wow
😍😍😍
منو يتمنه مثلي ينزل بشكل يومي  مثل هل محتوه الجميل❤️❤️
First
Опа
Thanks pewds
.
Im going to explode
You are just a person who we love to see succeed. You do whatever you feel like. Im happy you stayed. There is always room for you on top.
Hi
1
Wow 6 seconds that's a record
im you 34M subscriber
Shit not the first comment
Enjoy your retirement king 🙏🏼
imagine being frist
Hi boys
First
😮
fastest hand in the west not me
I love you so much ❤️❤️
earkt
Rehehe
6th view
❤
First
2
Yellow bumhole ?  👇🏻
2nd
Helo
✅☮️🕊️👑🇬🇧💜
First
Does Felix even read comments nowdays??
i love you
I'm first
Pewd 🥰🥰🥰
Hi
actual relief
Love it my man
early
Everyone saying first lol
Mast
hii
Hey
🙁
Kk
Hi Pewds . Much love :)
Ayy
☹️
EARLY!
Glad you didn't quit, Felix!
hm I see bots
First
Ты топ
First lol
Hello
whoa im early but not the fastest. Lets all gather together
7th
Pewdiepie
💜
1
Hai
Still a king.
Luv u
1st
W
Good to still have you around.
Wong nganjuk yo
Cool.
23st
Sheesh I’m early
how u still play games
Yooo
pobrecita
Idk
Im fast
Pewdi dudie
Hey
Bruh
First
23こめ
Bababooey
1st comment ❤️
Wassup pew die pie
Yow
Hello
♥
heelllooo
Still dope dawg
First
ah. Well, it's good you didn't! We love your content! do what you like to do :)
Sheesh
Qst
first
I love you pewds
No please don’t go
6 views lmao
W
First
First
L
ayo
First
chicken
King 👑
Love you
Fifth
Never quit pewds
Floor gang
Goat
Bang pewdiepe
not first but something like 30th or something
Thank god you didn't
First view
:0 noo
chat
Top 10
YO DADDY
First
Feature me pls pewds
Pe
PEWDDDDS
love the vids
Y
Labyu
Don’t quit I love tou
ابليز رد اعليه
Sad
Sup
firstt KING
Eyoo
Hey
1sy
Nice
pin me pewds uwu
Daamn
ong pewds
Bro rip
First
Hu
Let's gooooo
Ni
Ok
1st
HELLO MAN, WELCOME BAAACK
❤️
First
Op
first
hey im really very
Hayy
Rips
First
First?
W
Lookin handsome
you did it man
YOOO
❤️
Curious
First! I see pewds, I click ......
I’m first
no
AAHA FIRST
Early gang  👇 like to join
Stay..
bdjd
Hi
1st
Why I quit
👑
lol
Ok
What
First
FIRST!
Have a good day
Helo
First!!!
Omg
Pro
I love you pewds<33
i love youuuuu
The title is so reassuring
0 hour gang
1st
1st
One
1
Hey Pewds, glad you didn't. I am here. 🙌🏻
First
ggs
W
Hello
3rd
First
Shiiit
O:
Xx
18 seconds ago
He x2
Wow
First
Legend
YOOOOOOOO
Первый
first
First
Eyy first
Cats
Yes!
Fiest
Hi
First
Noise
Pew
Cause you know how special you are for us...
ראשון
First
First
First
👋
