I didnt Bungie let their bots out?
This main boss  this A large terminator
Destiny 2 is a raid Simulator
Nezarec is just a big red tomato with a scythe
Nezerac is furious that he was rejected by both the light and the dark and we are accepted by both. Awesome. Our guardians really are special
Alright y’all roast my friend with this comment, he hates this game to the point every time we talk about it he makes it blatantly apparent he hates it (says it is too build heavy and that it is no longer Destiny, with this raid being main evidence)
grats on your clear Esoterick
Is this a close word play on Nazareth? I hope not. I like Jesus.
Contest mode needs to be the new normal difficulty… go back to destiny 1 right now and even at 400 light level, wrath of the machine 380 still hits hard and is actually difficult to beat. Lowkey wrath right now is probably harder than this raid on contest. Kinda disappointing
they shall know pain.
We just cleared earlier today and I was rocking tractor Canon too I swear our damage phase are so much consistent too lol
I just got my contest emblem and holy shit. I wanna say I hate it but I feel like ima be a god at normal now 😂 20 hours or so on Nez himself until I found the right team but holy hell am I glad I did it
I just realized. The relics of Nezarec were turned into a tea for Osiris. Which means...  The Nezarec we fight in the Raid was Osiris's feces. Talk about hygiene.
I dont know what it is, but my teams always keep getting wiped by this asshole's void ranged scythe attack
As someone who loves horror games, Nightmares of the Raid really hit the spot. The atmosphere was creepy and unsettling, and the jump scares had me on edge the whole time. Highly recommend!
this is the most epic destiny 2 boss ever
I'm disappointed with Nezarec's design, for how much he ws hyped and the lore about him, just for him to be a beefed up Tormentor with the  Warlock helmet. They could have used a more interesting design, he doesn't even use psychic attacks.
What were your hunters running?
Lol scuffed
One could only dream of having teammates who don’t die every 5 seconds
I gave up on Nezarek. Because i was 4 1/2 hours in there. 😂
ngl the raid looks underwhelming af, but still looks fun.
What swords were y'all using ?
I have been rocking Nezarecs sin on my Warlock ever since I got my grubby little hands on it 4 years ago. Have been following the lore for even longer and to stand in front of him in his helmet after all this time in game was great, one of bungies best raid bosses imo.
Them being right on him for damage is crazy because I've seen my teammates get killed by him in one shot with max resil and 3 void resist
Missed opportunity - Should have been a solo Warlock, void class, nezarecs helm, literally spamming abilities and devour whilst making everyone volatile. Would have been unforgettable.
2nd best raid va after my man’s rhulk
It's so hard bro I can't kill him...
What fusion are you using?
Bro got spawn killed💀💀
👍
Did you guys even need to worry about wipe mechanic, how did you avoid it?
First group ive seen not stand on the platform
thanks for spoilers, jerk :))
Why the hell there are no ads?
Why does Nezarec sound like Godrick?
Thats it? Big tormentor?
What Machine Gun are you running?
Where can i watch you on twitch?
This encounter was a whole bitch on contest
I knew he would look like that because of the first cutscene in Lightfall when the camera shows the Witness and to his side, there is a big statue. I thought to myself: "There is only 1 statue and it huge, right next to the Witness. Bungie is showing it for a reason... it's probably Nezarec of the raid boss".
Best raid lair yet
Honestly I see why winterbite was disabled now woulda made this fight way too easy
I was really confused, I though Nezerec was a guardian that betrayed the last city not a tormentor ?
How do you solo the orbs in time without using the wipe shield. I feel like im even getting the orbs done faster yet he still gets his wipe mechanic off. Does pacing out the shoulder breaks give you more time or something because idk what im doing wrong but it somehow seems im not fast enough.
Bro I love how you all have commitments to your rolls which leads to winning no matter what your communication is top-tier
I can't get in the dps turn after turn 2.3 because I don't have enough time. Any tips on how to do this?
I want to beat the shit outta this guy once, after that ignore this raid for the rest of the year.
Imagine if the breakdown part from Electeic Callboy - MC Thunder II (Dancing Like A Ninja) was in the fight part 😂 That would be such an epic song (part) for the fight hehe
Nezarac, God of Pain, BDSM, D/S, God of Gimp Suits, etc.
I hate this fucking boss fight.
why he have sometimes traingle on the stasic fussion riffle?
how did you avoid hatred?
God of buggy as hell fight from my experience
He's so ugly
Yeah Nez is coming back
I hate his design so much
Man.  Nezarec is one goofy lookin mf.
idk how ur run is so smooth. random 1 shots from the boss and him jumping over us during dps is just stupid game design.
Cómo hacen para q después de la primera ronda de daño, el jefe no haga la explosión?
What does shooting the seeds do? He seems to be shooting  seed thats not fully plump & then a fully plump one in no particular order
gg
so you have no ideas to create new bosses huh?
Once contest mode is done this raid will be a snooze fest i bet
I’m just here to see the end because I hate this raid and refuse to keep doing it with that goofy ass looking warlock armour
we find ourselves on 2nd round not being able to do the orb stuff because he wipes to quick not sure what to do.
being the final god of pain, lasting 7 minutes in a fight as a final raid boss is extremelly dissapointing... now it takes longer to complete a vanguard playlist strike than a contest mode Raid boss on day 1
What smg is he using I want it
ALSO WHY THE HELL DOES HIS THEME HAS CABAL LEITMOTIFS???
I really never thought we would get to see nezerc in the flesh let alone actually fight him he’s been in the lore for so long and like every dlc since the game came out had a fake leak saying it was gonna be a nezerc dlc and now we finally get to fight him and dam it’s a good fight
He's so ugly. A fucking fat tormentor.  At least now I can laugh at warlocks using it's helmet.
Tractor Cannon :)
Lmao it’s fucking knuckles
Excited to watch you solo this. Congrats king
ok but why is his name so lame bro " final god of pain" like? other than that cool fight
I thought this is his solo run lol
So much buildup for another „regular enemy but bigger”-type boss. Also seems like the hp is super undertuned, so this guy is going to become the new daughters if bungie doesn’t buff him (which they should have done before the race). The perfect cherry on top for the full-course buffet of disappointments this expansion is.
Just seeing this looks hella easy for a raid boss. Im excited to play this raid once I have the time to
When you say “let’s go” after completing an activity 🤓🤓
I don't like his design, I prefer the old one, which yeah, had similarities with rulhk but it also looked way more menacing, this one just look like a giant tormentor.
Nezerac was definitely meant to be able to jump up to the platforms, because is Health makes a little more sense when it purely weapon damage since you’re suppressed.
I’m fr watching a raid video just to look at his scythe just so I can draw it
Nezarec has been such a cool and built up character and I think the fact that they chase you around and shout throughout the fight is just fire
what a boring fight
How do u do the second phase of the final boss
All of lightfalls budget went into this raid change my mind 🗿
How did we pass from Riven to this? This boss looks like a dungeon boss..
I dunno if it's stupid to have wanted something more cool for a boss design? The art I've seen of Nezarec before his appearance in the game reminded me of Void from Berserk, with this giant cloak that covered his entire body.  I get he was the one creating Tormentors, but something to fully distinguish him from the other Tormentors besides some tentacles would've been cool in my opinion
I think his final line is in reference to Sephiroth's "I'll never become a dream"
I thought he was a guardian, not a giant tormentor
HOW DO U SURVIVE HIS VOID SHIT WHEN JUGGLING THEW HATERED
underwhelmed
It’s looking like a pissed off unicorn… or a unicorn who did too much cocaine… just my opinion 😂
I thought tormentos were just some cabal twitched by the Witness powers, but seeing Nezarec ties it together
great so the new boss and the reveal of a character that’s been in the lore for a while is just a big reskin of another enemy lol
I’m starting to hate well more and more it’s so cheesy, and bubble is just a joke
so the mechanic is shoot the nuts  over and over again?   the only cool thing is the armor it seems.
A 3 nearly 2 phase with xenophage is also possible.
He’s real human lol
He talks holy shit
Meanwhile I got as carry my fireteam through orbs and everyone’s dying to adds or regular tormentors
Fuck. I accidentally scrolled down to read some comments and now I have cancer. God damn it.
Qué desesion de incursión un año pará éso 😢 corta
Titan an hunter strand super will go hard
So who finished the raid first
I now want an ornament for Nezarec’s Sin modeled after the boss’s head.
Me, who doesn't even know what the feck any of these balls are: "Interesting."
Big facts on using the tractor cannon to debuff him
Love your runs. This one is going to be hard to solo with it being a mechanic driven dungeon 🤣
I think im over the giant raid boss concept by now
I'm sorry... *God of pain?*  I'm kinda glad I dropped destiny when light fall came out. I enjoyed the game while it lasted but I can't keep up anymore.
Finally a raid boss that feels like a fight and not just a mechanic to start a dps phase while they stand there like a melon
>reads comments >gets reminded that people actually play this as a game, rather than just reading/listening to lore and watching the story and main gameplay on yt
This is probably their first run and their making Nazarek look like the witnesses bitch
Anyone know if they just using falling guillotine for damage?
So nazarec is a tormentor but bigger?
Recycled Expansion Recycled Weapons Recycled Activities Recycled Raid The Bungie we all know and love is back.
how does the stun or extending wipe mechanic work exactly
Soooo the raid is already beaten then??
This is one of the coolest looking raids they’ve ever made
Rulk was an arrogant genocidal psychopath but Nezerac is a really really angry, violent, evil maniac.
is there some pattern to how you were shooting those seeds at the beginning?
I said to my mate a joke “what if the final boss isn’t nezerac and it’s just a big tormentor”………. Wow bungie
What's the sequence of the balls.
I try to avoid Raid spoilers but i fully expected Nezarec to be the raid boss I'm not surprised
Man I love that y'all did the damage down on the ground face to face with him. Everyone else sitting up high where he couldnt get to them. Y'all had the balls to get in there and really scrap it out lol
Four and a half hours is extremely short for a day one. Wish I could participate.
My favorite raid boss, forget rhulk, Nezarec is a badass!!!
Looks like a bunch of warlocks.  I wonder why.  Playing on easy mode. I would hate for you not to have a over shield while damaging  a boss
while some say this raid is a "let down" or "very short and easy" it honestly looks super fun like the first time i saw DSC. can't wait to try it on the 12th when contest is gone because i just returned to destiny since shadowkeep and in my scrub phase now lol.
What a lame ass raid, seriously
Nezerec returns. Gets absolutely wasted. Should’ve stayed dead buddy.
Get your cups ready, WERE MAKIN A SECOND SERVING OF NEZCAFÉ TONIGHT
this is SOO badass. I could give Bungie a load of shit for game design, but this is definitely a dope raid and final boss
I'm gonna be honest I think after contest is over this guy is gonna be a pushover. He got two-phased by Datto with reasonable effort. I think one phases would be fairly attainable with him
AN ADVERSARY WAS DEFEATED AND FRIENDSHIPS WERE FORGED!!
Imagine beating the literal god of pain and RNGesus gives you a towel/cloak/armband that does nothing except hold mods
2:45 Imagine one day you’re going through a patrol zone for random odds and ends, but Bungie decides to be cheeky and you see THIS dunking on unsuspecting randoms as you make your way over to Xur?
Kinda expected the witness to be the final boss NGL :/
So all disciples wear a bucket as a signature outfit. Interesting
And SaltAgreppo wants Well nerfed. Well was only reason he didn't pancake everyone during that dps phase.
dude dpsing with tractor and midas mini tool at the end
So they made nezerac a tormentor? Seems…
Wasn’t able to tune in today. What is the consensus on this raid? Good? Bad?
It was funny, watching the entire stream calling nezarac a reskin. Not knowing that nezarac was the creator of the Tormenters so he himself would look like one.   Damn, I really pissed off the haters.
With how me.ory works in destiny there's a chance he could come back?
Rofl those guardian commendations. It seems its a way for friends to congrat one another.
For a  raid final boss, this encounter is pretty simple
Love how to went the hard way for the damage phase as it seems Bungie intended. Most people took the easy route and stood on a ledge when they figured out Nezarec doesn't know how to use one. Im pretty sure Bungie is kicking itself for that screw up right now.
If you aint move that much, why not 1-2 punch shotty with tractor. Or a frenzy primary.
The Armor and Weapons are now visible in collections!  And the Warlock's Robes are bizzarely cool.
copy and paste of rhulk
I feel bungie should’ve added a line of how nezarec loved the pain in that fight and that he’ll be back for more or something, new favorite raid final boss
you’re telling me big baddie nezarec was a glorified tormenter with wings? after the release and completion of this new raid i can finally say that for me this dlc is filler and a 4/10.   final shape’s raid race better not be a race.. but a whole marathon. when it comes to a point where consoles players are beating PC players at a worlds first raid and this “contest mode” really just hero difficulty then something is wrong. we need last wish levels of difficulty on crack with equal levels of enjoyment
He’s just a big tormentor…are you serious?  God i hope Bungie goes bankrupt.
So lore accurate of Bungie to name him "The Final God of Pain" to signify the god awful end to this whimper of an expansion.
Looks kinda easy, not complaining tho, raids have always been super inaccessible for me bc I'm terrible at the game so.
I thought it would be more plants and vine creatures 😔 like biolante from godzilla
All I see is op warlocks with a op chest
Not gonna lie, having Raid bosses that actually move around the battlefield and not staying in place, makes it way more interesting.
Should of looked at damage
5:17 aaugh
Did you pass the raid in a couple of hours? The raid sucked
Lmao reskin
Know Pain.
Wait the raid has been beaten already damn is it easy??
Nice
One thing's for sure, bungie absolutely nails the music and the visuals
I must admit, I really dislike his design. Rhulk had a terrifying sleek design, but Nezzy’s got a gut😂
Nezarec is doing his job wrong. He’s supposed to standstill and let us hit him during damage phase.  Looks like a badass fight.
Lol, Tractor Cannon!  Love it!
if this raid taught us anything, it’s that well and starfire need to be tuned way down
Lol esoterickk Friends? I don't believe they exist
More like god of disappointment
I'm curious to see how this plays out. So is Xivu going to be the next story boss we beat in the next expansion? Then we get a Witness raid?
This raid looks fun asf action packed is what makes it fun
Sigh. A force that's been whispered about since OG D2 and we just stroll in and yeet him. It's a good fight but just feels so...lacklustre lore-wise
WOW.
I've never seen uglier weapons and armor. Go into collections and find the Hunter cloak and Warlock chest piece. I made an audible laugh
Holy shit can you shut the fuck up during the end dialogue
Was this world first?
Beautiful raid, its definitely not better than VOW but itll be remembered as a chill raid imo
He a oversized tormenter?😂😂
I can see why winterbite was disabled that thing woupd have demolished this dude
I seriously thought this raid was going to be about fighting the witness. “Final dlc”. So what is there gonna be another raid? Or we finna just fight nezerac and that’s it. There’s no other dlcs so how we gonna win this war? Or is really the fate of the guardians is to just die.
The best thing about Nezarecs design has to be his voice.
Stopping the wipe mechanic is so terrible
Probably not the right place, but is anyone else noticing little Darkness cruxes in Liming Harbor and in the Radiosonde, or elsewhere? Never seen them before, they say you need Lightfall to interact with them. I'm going to exit and enter the game again to see what is up with that, but I suspect it is something post-raid-related.
Damn after watching redeem clear it’s insane how much higher their dps was compared to everyone else like more than double
Wow.... the worst dlc followed by a stupid quick 1st raid completion.  Good work bungle
aatrox is that you or.... maybe the headless gorseman from tf2?
Why does this look like it’s not contest
So its only shoot those orbs , go back ,next orb  to activate damage phase ?
Gotta be one the most beautiful raids we've gotten. Mechanics could be harder though
For those saying Nezarec looks like a big tormentor, it’s the other way around 🙂
I just want the raid jacket 😭😭
I love how vicious and unrelenting he is. The fact he’s shouting while attacking really makes it feel like a fight.
The entire raid was leaked like 4 days before
I see No Symbols to remember so I’m happy
Man I was hoping nezarec would be saved for final shape
Thank you for these. Used them to hear all the Nezarec voice lines.
Raid looks very fun and might be the best looking raid ever. Just cause it was cleared fast doesn’t mean it’s bad 🤷‍♂️
they should have make nezarec look more similar to a psion, not like a bigger tormentor xd
Oh wow. I guess we know who the tormentors were modeled after
not a hard raid to figure out this time around.
First comment!
1st
Amazing ❤️❤️❤️
